<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230523_10-K_edgar_data_708818_0000950170-23-023499.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21680957</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>410767</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2595626</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10720513</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2580243</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4846905</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-023499.hdr.sgml : 20230523
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230522174928
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-023499
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		112
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230523
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230522

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000708818
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				952888568
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12537
		FILM NUMBER:		23945903

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18111 VON KARMAN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92612
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-255-2600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18111 VON KARMAN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92612

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	QUALITY SYSTEMS, INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180823

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE, INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180823

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	QUALITY SYSTEMS, INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100804

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-023499.txt : 20230523

10-K
 1
 nxgn-20230331.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

Not Applicable (1) (Address of principal executive offices) 
 Not Applicable (1) (Zip Code) 

Not Applicable (1) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, and smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of September 30, 2022: (based on the closing sales price of the Registrant s common stock as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on that date of 17.70 per share) 
 The Registrant has no non-voting common equity. 
 The number of outstanding shares of the Registrant s common stock as of May 12, 2023 was shares. 
 For purposes of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in addition to those shareholders which fall within the definition of affiliates under Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, holders of ten percent or more of the Registrant s common stock are deemed to be affiliates for purposes of this Report. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

(1) NextGen Healthcare, Inc. is a remote-first company and no longer maintains its principal executive office. For purposes of compliance with applicable requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, stockholder communications required to be sent to our principal executive offices should be directed to the email address set forth in our proxy materials and/or identified on our investor relations website. 

NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 2023 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

Item 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Business 
 
 4 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 
 
 14 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 29 

Item 2. 

Properties 
 
 29 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 
 
 29 

Item 4. 

Mine and Safety Disclosures 
 
 29 

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 30 

Item 6. 

Reserved 
 
 31 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 32 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks 
 
 48 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 48 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 48 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 
 
 49 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 
 
 50 

Item 9C 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 50 

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 51 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 
 
 51 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 51 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 51 

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 51 

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 52 

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary 
 
 52 

Signatures 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report ), including the documents and certain information incorporated herein by reference, contain forward-looking statements within the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements included or incorporated by reference in this Report, other than statements that are purely historical, are forward-looking statements. Words such as anticipate, expect, intend, plan, believe, seek, estimate, will, should, would, could, may, and similar expressions also identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, discussions of our trend analyses, product development plans, business and growth strategies, future operations, financial condition and prospects, developments in and the impacts of government regulation and legislation, and market factors influencing our results, all of which are based on current expectations, estimates, and forecasts, and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. Our expectations, beliefs, objectives, intentions and strategies regarding our future results are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties, both foreseen and unforeseen, that could cause actual results to differ materially from results contemplated in our forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, our ability to continue to develop and sell new products and services in markets characterized by rapid technological evolution, consolidation, and competition from larger, better-capitalized competitors, our ability to finalize a settlement with the DOJ, cybersecurity and data protection risk and related liabilities, current or potential legal proceedings involving us, and the effect of developments in and the impacts of government regulation and legislation. Many other economic, competitive, governmental and technological factors could affect our ability to achieve our goals, and interested persons are urged to review the risk factors discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Report, as well as in our other public disclosures and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Because of these risk factors, as well as other variables affecting our financial condition and results of operations, past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of the filing of this Report. 
 3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PA RT I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Company Overview 
 NextGen Healthcare is a leading provider of innovative, cloud-based, healthcare technology solutions that empower ambulatory healthcare providers to manage the risk and complexity of delivering care in the United States healthcare system. Our combination of technological breadth, depth, and domain expertise positions us as a preferred solution provider and trusted advisor for our clients. In addition to highly configurable core clinical and financial capabilities, our portfolio includes tightly integrated solutions that deliver on ambulatory healthcare imperatives, including consumerism, digitization, risk allocation, regulatory influence, and integrated care and health equity. 
 We serve clients across all 50 states. Over 100,000 providers use NextGen Healthcare solutions to deliver care in nearly every medical specialty in a wide variety of practice models including accountable care organizations ACOs ), independent physician associations IPAs ), managed service organizations MSOs ), veterans service organizations VSOs ), and dental service organizations DSOs ). Our clients range from some of the largest and most progressive multi-specialty groups in the country to sole practitioners with a wide variety of business models. With the addition of behavioral health to our medical and oral health capabilities, we continue to extend our share not only in federally qualified health centers FQHCs but also in the growing integrated care market. 
 Our company was incorporated in California in 1974. Previously named Quality Systems, Inc., we changed our corporate name to NextGen Healthcare, Inc. in September 2018, and in 2021, we changed our state of incorporation to Delaware. As a remote-first company, we no longer maintain a principal executive office. Our principal website is www.nextgen.com. We operate on a fiscal year ending on March 31. 
 Our Vision, Mission and Strategy 
 NextGen Healthcare s vision is better healthcare outcomes for all. We strive to achieve this vision by delivering innovative solutions and insights aimed at creating healthier communities. We focus on improving care delivered in ambulatory settings but do so recognizing that the entire healthcare ecosystem needs to work in concert to achieve the quadruple aim: to improved patient experience, improved provider experience, improve the health of a population, and reduce per capita health care costs. 
 Our long-term strategy is to position NextGen Healthcare as both the essential, integrated, delivery platform and the most trusted advisor for the ambulatory practices of the future. To that end, we primarily serve organizations that provide or orchestrate care in ambulatory settings and do so across diverse practice sizes, specialties, care modalities, and business models. These customers include conventional practices as well as new market entrants. 
 We plan to invest in our current capabilities as well as build and/or acquire new capabilities. In October 2019, we acquired Topaz Information Systems, LLC for its behavioral health solutions. In December 2019, we acquired Medfusion, Inc. for its Patient Experience Platform capabilities (i.e., patient portal, self-scheduling, and patient pay) and OTTO Health, LLC for its virtual care solutions, notably telemedicine. In August 2022, we divested our commercial dental assets, further emphasizing the company s focus on serving ambulatory care. In November 2022, we acquired TSI Healthcare, LLC TSI for its purpose-built clinical content and differentiated service offerings, which expands the addressable market served by our Enterprise domain, including new specialties, such as rheumatology, pulmonology, and cardiology. The integration of these acquired technologies has made NextGen Healthcare s solutions among the most comprehensive in the market. Further, we are also actively innovating our business models and exploring new high-growth market domains. 
 Market Opportunity, and Trends 
 The scale and scope of the healthcare industry continues to expand. Annual United States healthcare spend today represents nearly 4.1 trillion and ~20 of GDP. A significant portion of this spend is directed towards the treatment of chronic conditions and administrative solutions that service an increasingly complex system with diverse stakeholders. While there are several convergent market forces reshaping the healthcare industry landscape, we are focused on six trends we believe will materially impact the markets we participate in and our customer value proposition: 
 1. Regulatory Drivers Medicare and Medicaid continue to expand and represent approximately a third of covered lives. Further, the 21st Century Cures Act Cures Act certification requirements and impending changes by Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS to Medicare reimbursement and shared savings programs parameters (i.e., MIPS, MSSP and telehealth programs) represent continued and escalating regulatory requirements in the healthcare industry broadly and the shape of primary healthcare. Considering these regulatory and market-based changes, many ambulatory practices have come to place a very high value on partnering with vendors that demonstrate the expertise and consistency to stay ahead of these regulatory and industry changes. 

2. Risk Reallocation As healthcare shifts away from defined benefit models towards defined contribution, employers, payors, providers, and consumers are increasingly evaluating models to share and reallocate risk. In 2020, nearly 40 of all healthcare payments representing over 75 of all covered lives flowed through an alternative payment model. While Medicare Advantage related payments led the charge with over 55 of 

4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 payments tied to alternative models, a plurality of commercial payors are also leveraging value-based provider arrangements to incent care quality standards and reduce health disparities. For providers, effective participation in these models requires a full view of the patient population s clinical and cost data and robust financial management solutions and services to navigate multiple contract types. 

3. Consumerism Consumers increasingly direct their own healthcare and require greater levels of access, convenience, and experience personalization. Beyond tailoring healthcare interactions to their needs and preferences, they also expect greater transparency about the costs for visits, medications, and procedures. Accompanied by a significant shift of care from inpatient to lower cost outpatient settings and virtual modes, healthcare is poised to become increasingly retail-like and will place unique demands on practices and care providers who need comprehensive engagement platforms to attract, retain and engage patients through their complete health journey 

4. New Modalities and Coordinated Team Based Care Untethered from physical clinics and desktops, care is now being delivered in boundless venues by multiple, coordinated care providers. 

5. Meaningful Interoperability Digitization Greater levels of data exchange, automation, Artificial Intelligence (AI) and speech enabled workflows. 

6. Integrated Care and Health Equity Integrated, whole-person health continues to trend strongly as evidenced by FQHCs/CHCs receiving Health Resources and Services Administration HRSA funding to drive integrated medical, behavioral, and oral health. Public sector and private investment in understanding and addressing social determinants of health and improving community health are growing. 

NextGen Healthcare is well positioned to play a key role in guiding our clients through short-term and long-term changes that impact healthcare in the United States and is committed to helping them deliver better outcomes. 
 Our Value Proposition 
 NextGen Healthcare s value proposition to our clients can be summarized by the four I s as follows: 
 Integration Delivering a broad and highly integrated set of solutions and end-user experiences. NextGen Healthcare, a top ranked platform solution provider, is driving greater levels of efficiency and engagement for practices. Our clients value the full breadth of our solution offering and seamless integration into their clinical workflows. This integration is an important determinant of our success. 

Interoperability Building seamlessly connected data and human networks across ambulatory healthcare. NextGen Healthcare s Interoperability solutions help create a frictionless environment where those that need important healthcare data can rapidly find and utilize it. For example, NextGen Healthcare powers over a third of all United States state-based Health Information Exchanges HIE s ), with over 170 million patient records passing over our network of almost 2.8 million directory addresses. 

Insights Providing intelligence at the point of care to enable better health and financial decision-making. We are helping our clients move from being data rich to insight rich. By providing intelligence, through innovative solutions that take data out of electronic health records EHRs ), normalize, cleanse, and present it back as usable data pipelines, NextGen Healthcare can help optimize prescription guidance, care gap reviews, billing quality, practice variance, etc. and insert it directly into clinician s workflows in order to facilitate sound clinical and financial decisions when serving patients. 

Impact Delivering and shaping outcomes in all aspects of our solutions and service. NextGen Healthcare is pivoting towards becoming a true performance partner for our clients and is evidenced by proactively helping manage performance and outcomes for our clients. 

NextGen Healthcare delivers value to our clients in several ways. Our solutions enable our clients to address current needs while preparing for the needs of the future including expanding access to health services, enhancing the coordination and management of care, and optimizing patient outcomes while also ensuring the sustainability of their practices. Specifically, we offer a range of solutions to allow clinicians to practice anywhere and work in new and innovative collaboration models. 
 NextGen Healthcare provides integrated cloud-based solutions and services that align with our client s strategic imperatives. Ultimately, this value is reflected in the overall insights and impact delivered to the client. The foundation for our integrated ambulatory care platform is a core of our industry-leading EHR and practice management PM systems that support clinical, financial and patient engagement activities. 
 We optimize the core with an automation and workflow layer that gives our clients control over how platform capabilities are implemented to drive their desired outcomes. The workflow layer includes mobile and voice-enabled capabilities proven to reduce physician burden. Recognizing that engaged patients are key to positive outcomes, our patient experience platform enables our clients to create personalized care experiences that enhance trust and drive patient loyalty. Further, we support the advances in integrated care that focus on the whole person with solutions supporting behavioral and oral health. Our cloud-based population health and analytics engine allows our clients to improve results in both fee-for-service and fee-for-value environments. 
 5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 In support of extensibility, we surround the core with open, web-based application programming interfaces APIs to drive the secure exchange of health and patient data with connected health solutions. Our commitment to interoperability, defragmenting care and our experience powering many of the nation s HIE s places us in a unique position to enable our clients to leverage this technology to lower the cost of care and improve the patient and provider experience by providing an integrated community patient record. 
 Finally, to ensure our clients get maximum value from our solutions, we have augmented our technology with key services aligned with their needs, helping to ensure they reach their organizational goals. We partner with our clients to optimize their information technology IT operations, enhance revenue cycle processes across fee-for-service and fee-for-value models, service line expansion and operations, as well as advise on long-term strategy. 
 Positioning NextGen Healthcare for Growth. As NextGen Healthcare applies this value proposition framework across the ambulatory care market, we incorporate some or all our current solution offerings within three broad domains illustrated in Figure 1 below: 
 Enterprise The Enterprise domain is both the largest and encompasses our broadest portfolio of solutions (e.g., clinical, financial, and patient engagement solution portfolios) provided to ambulatory care practices that incorporate 10 or more healthcare providers. 

Office The Office domain reflects almost all solutions (software solutions and adjacent services) provided to an ambulatory care practice that incorporates fewer than 10 healthcare providers. Our main offering in this group is a cloud-based, multi-tenant SaaS EHR and PM solution, called NextGen Office. 

Insights The Insights domain incorporates solutions that address interoperability, data and analytics, and value-based care. Previously described as population health and connected health, the Insights solutions portfolio is offered to clients across both our Enterprise and Office domains as well as additional ambulatory healthcare stakeholders addressing connectivity or value-based care needs. NextGen is highlighting this domain as a reflection of its overall importance and high future growth potential. 

Figure 1: NextGen Healthcare Solutions Domains 
 
 Additional commentary on our collection of solutions within the three broad domains are described in further detail below. 
 ENTERPRISE 
 Clinical Care Solutions improve the quality and efficiency of care delivery as well as the patient and provider experience. They significantly ease the administrative burden and enable the delivery of high quality, personalized care. Providers can automate patient intake, streamline clinical workflows, and leverage vendor-agnostic interoperability to achieve quality measures and qualify for incentives. An example of our clinical care solutions is: 
 NextGen Enterprise EHR Our electronic health records solution stores and maintains clinical patient information and offers a workflow module, prescription management, automatic document and letter generation, patient education, referral tracking, interfaces to billing and lab systems, physician alerts and reminders, and reporting and data analysis tools. 
 Financial Solutions provides key analytics that allow clients to drive healthy, predictable financial outcomes. More than just billing and collection services, financial management involves all functions that effectively capture revenue at the lowest cost, while providing an efficient experience for the patient. Financial management solutions help practices improve performance 
 6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 and correct operational inefficiencies, while enhancing the practice s financial outcomes throughout the revenue cycle. An example of our financial management solutions is: 
 NextGen Enterprise PM Our practice management offering is a seamlessly integrated, scalable, multi-module solution that includes a master patient index, enterprise-wide appointment scheduling with referral tracking, and clinical support. 
 Patient Engagement Solutions boost loyalty and improve outcomes by engaging patients in their own care. Our patient engagement tools enable patients to better manage their own health through direct patient-provider messaging, online scheduling, automated reminders, easy payment options, and virtual visits. The ability of patients to handle their own scheduling and billing frees provider staff, restoring valuable time. An example of our patient engagement solutions is: 
 NextGen Virtual Visits Delivers a tightly integrated, bi-directional telehealth experience that allows patients to have a virtual visit with their own personal doctor and their own provider s care team. The solution allows for screen-sharing, document passing, in-visit chat, one-touch access to interpretive services, and a no-login experience for patients. 
 OFFICE 
 Integrated Clinical Care and Financial Solutions provide a comprehensive set of software and services specifically targeted to improve the clinical and financial performance of small and independent practices across a broad set of clinical specialties. An example of our solution in this space is: 
 NextGen Office A cloud-based EHR and PM solution for physicians and medical billing services designed to meet the specific needs of smaller practices. 
 INSIGHTS 
 Interoperability Solutions (formerly Connected Health Solutions) enable different information technology systems to communicate and exchange usable data thereby allowing caregivers to more effectively work together within and across care teams and organizational boundaries, and equipping patients to collaborate on their own care. Our integration and interoperability offerings enable providers to leverage their current technology for better outcomes and truly connected patient care. Examples of our interoperability solutions are: 
 NextGen Share A broad and expanding suite of plug-and-play interoperability solutions which help NextGen Enterprise EHR users safely and securely exchange clinical content with external providers and organizations. The platform includes support for secure direct messaging with more than 2.8 million providers and organizations, and care quality integration to enable automated data exchange of over 250 million records to date. 
 Mirth Connect Enables patient data from disparate systems to be easily and securely shared, aggregated, and put to work, regardless of EHR, PM, or other healthcare IT platform or location. This offering optimizes interoperability capabilities with advanced administration tools that help drive affordable and effective health data exchange and supports client s ability to control resources and elevate performance. 
 Data and Analytics Solutions help NextGen Healthcare s customers to unlock the value of their information assets and deliver actionable insight and decision support at the point of care. We do this by aggregating and normalizing data assets across multiple sources of truth, enriching those data sets as needed with proprietary and 3 rd party information assets and applying sophisticated analytics to develop a broad set of clinical, operational, financial, and experiential insights. An example of our data and analytics solutions is: 
 NextGen Health Data Hub HDH A fully redesigned data aggregation platform to meet the expanding market demand for robust data sharing, aggregation, and community access. HDH was built from the ground-up to provide comprehensive, continuous access to aggregated patient health data on a robust, reliable, platform that will enable system-wide connectivity, and support the growing enterprise data management needs for HIEs, hospitals and large ambulatory practices. 
 Value Based Care Solutions (formerly Population Health Solutions) provide our customers the ability to enhance care quality and optimize the total cost of delivering care to patient populations across risk strata. As the incidence of chronic conditions rises across patient populations, providers are increasingly seeking turnkey chronic condition management, remote patient monitoring and care program adherence solutions that can improve clinical outcomes. Our solutions also give practices the ability to share risk with payors under alternative payment models and sustainably navigate the transition from fee-for-service to fee-for-value. An example of our value based care solutions is: 
 NextGen Population Health Solutions Delivers robust capabilities for core population health insights using integrated clinical and claims data to support both broad and deep analysis for populations of interest (attribute visualization, risk stratification, gaps in care, etc.). 
 SERVICES 
 Applicable across all three domains, NextGen Healthcare provides additional value to clients in the form of services that help clients achieve their strategic objectives. Through these services, we enable clients to effectively address core operational and financial needs so they can focus on their primary mission of providing efficient and high-quality patient care. Our three categories of services include: 
 7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Managed Services include our scalable, cloud hosting services that reduce the burden of information technology expertise from our clients and speed implementations, simplify upgrades, cut technology costs significantly and provide 24/7 monitoring and support by a broad team of technical experts. In addition, we offer Revenue Cycle Management RCM Services that includes billing and collections, electronic claims submission and denials management, electronic remittance and payment posting and accounts receivable follow-up. Our dedicated account management model helps make NextGen Healthcare a top-performing provider of RCMS as reported in the 2020 KLAS Ambulatory RCM Services Report. 
 Professional Services include training, project management, installation services, and application managed services. Our consulting services, which include physician, professional, and technical consulting, assisting clients to optimize their staffing and software solutions, enhance financial and clinical outcomes, achieve regulatory requirements in the drive to value-based care, and meet the evolving requirements of healthcare reform. 
 Client Service and Support in which our technical services staff provides support for the dependable and timely resolution of technical inquiries from clients. Such inquiries are made via telephone, email and the internet. We offer several levels of support, with the most comprehensive service covering 24 hours a day, seven days a week. 
 Competition 
 The markets for healthcare information systems and services are intensely competitive and highly fragmented. Our traditional full-suite competitors in the healthcare information systems and services market include: athenahealth, Inc., Oracle Corporation, eClinicalWorks, Epic Systems Corporation, Greenway Health, LLC, Veradigm Inc., and Modernizing Medicine, Inc. Emerging smaller competitors also bring competition in specific sectors of the market. Additionally, we face competition from technology vendors who offer verticalized data management and analytics solutions and services-only competitors like business process outsourcers, hosting providers and transcription companies. 
 The EHR, PM, interoperability, and connectivity markets are subject to rapid changes in technology. We expect that competition in these market segments could increase as new competitors enter the market. We believe our principal competitive advantages are our ambulatory-only focus, the essential nature of the EHR and PM clinical platforms to care delivery, our comprehensive and fully-integrated solution, and our deep domain expertise, which enables our subject matter experts to serve as trusted advisors to our clients. 
 Regulatory Environment 
 As a participant in the healthcare industry, our business, and that of our clients, is subject to a wide array of complex and rapidly changing federal and state laws, regulations, and industry initiatives, in the areas of information sharing, electronic health record and interoperability standards, e-prescribing, claims processing and transmission, security and privacy of patient data, and healthcare fraud. The impact of such laws and regulations on us is direct, to the extent we are subject to these laws and regulations, and is also indirect, in terms of government program requirements applicable to our clients for the use of our solutions or that impact payment models. The complexity and rapidly changing nature of these laws and regulations have created both challenges as well as significant opportunities for our business. New laws and regulations have targeted the adoption of EHRs, health data exchange and interoperability, value-based payment, care coordination, utilization of telehealth services, migration of inpatient to outpatient care, and expansion of behavioral health services. Many of these changes have spanned multiple Congresses and Presidential Administrations and taken years to fully implement (e.g., The Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 MACRA and Cures Act): 
 Cures Act The Cures Act, which was passed in 2016, laid the groundwork for a nationwide trusted health information exchange, includes provisions that directly call for, or describe roles for the use of, health information technology to help providers comply with new federal requirements under Medicare and state Medicaid programs. Sections of the law addressing interoperability also codified the concept of information blocking, requiring a new regulatory structure to respond to concerns that actors in the healthcare industry intentionally block the exchange of information between various stakeholders. In 2020, the Health and Human Services HHS Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology ONC released a final regulation which, among other things, calls on developers of certified EHRs to adopt standardized APIs and to meet a list of other new certification requirements to retain approved federal government certification status. In 2022, we announced that our NextGen Enterprise EHR achieved the ONC-Health IT 2015 Edition Cures Update Health IT certification. 

MACRA The Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 MACRA ), which reformed how physicians are paid under Medicare and established Merit-based Incentive Payment Systems MIPS ), also includes provisions that directly call for or describe roles for the use of health information technology to help providers comply with new federal requirements under Medicare and state Medicaid programs. In 2023, healthcare providers will have to utilize EHR software that meets these requirements to successfully participate in the MACRA Quality Payment Program QPP and other federal programs that require the use of certified EHRs. 

HITECH Various U.S. federal, state and non-government agencies continue to generate requirements for the use of certified health information technology and interoperability standards. These requirements are expansions of the statutory ARRA Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH program that began providing incentive payments in 2011 to eligible providers and hospitals for the meaningful use of certified electronic health record technology CEHRT ). Although those incentive programs have expired, 

8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 CEHRT continues to be a requirement of participation in federal healthcare programs to receive reimbursement for health items and services provided by our clients to Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. 

Through annual payment policy rules from the CMS and other targeted rulemakings from the United States Department of Health and Human Services HHS ), the federal government continues to implement and/or update different aspects of these laws every year, for example: 
 2020 The HHS Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology ONC released a final regulation which implements the key interoperability provisions included in the Cures Act. The rule calls on developers of certified EHRs to adopt standardized application programming interfaces APIs and to meet a list of other new certification and maintenance of certification requirements in order to retain approved federal government certification status. 

2022 NextGen Healthcare announced that its NextGen Enterprise EHR achieved the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology (ONC-Health IT) 2015 Edition Cures Update Health IT certification via an Authorized Certification Body ACB ). This made NextGen Healthcare the first EHR developer to certify a complete EHR solution to the 2015 Edition Cures Update criteria. In 2023, healthcare providers will have to utilize EHR software that meets these requirements to successfully participate in the MACRA law s Quality Payment Program QPP and other federal programs that require the use of certified EHRs. 

In addition, reform of payment policies for Medicare and Medicaid continues to evolve. For example: 
 PPACA The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act PPACA is comprehensive healthcare reform legislation that became law in 2010 and introduced value-based principles into federal health insurance payments systems and sought to improve healthcare quality and expanded access to affordable health insurance. MACRA built upon the value-based policies introduced by the ACA. Notably, in the last several years, participation in Medicare's alternative payment models to replace traditional fee for service payments with quality and risk-sharing payment models has been conditioned on the adoption of CEHRT. 

Refer also to the discussion of regulatory risks within Item 1A. Risk Factors for governmental regulations and policies that may affect our business. 
 COVID-19 
 In January 2020, HHS officially declared that a public health emergency PHE existed as a result of the pandemic. Soon after, HHS issued a series of rules and orders to offer healthcare providers flexibility or waivers from certain regulatory requirements during the PHE that are still in effect today. For example, changes were made through waivers and other regulatory authority to increase access to telehealth services by, among other things, increasing reimbursement, permitting the enrollment of out of state providers and eliminating prior authorization requirements. It is uncertain how long these COVID-19 related regulatory changes will remain in effect and whether they will continue beyond the PHE period. These laws include the 2.2 trillion Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act and the 1.9 trillion American Rescue Plan Act, both of which included record federal investments in FQHCs and behavioral health service providers. 
 Additional regulations that directly and/or indirectly impact our business include: 
 Privacy and Security Laws. There are numerous United States federal and state laws and regulations as well as foreign legislation which govern the confidentiality of personal information, how that information may be used, and the circumstances under which such information may be released. These regulations govern both the disclosure and use of confidential personal and patient medical record information and require the users of such information to implement specified security and privacy measures. 
 HIPAA Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA and its implementing regulations contain substantial restrictions and requirements with respect to the use and disclosure of individual s protected health information PHI and require the implementation of administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of individually identifiable health information in electronic form. The principal effects of HIPAA are, first, to require that our systems be capable of being operated by us and our clients in a manner that is compliant with the Transaction, Security and Privacy Standards mandated by HIPAA, and second, to comply with HIPAA when it directly applies to us. 

Patient Information, Privacy and Security Our business is subject to rules, particularly HIPAA and HITECH, and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of PHI that we and our subcontractors may have access to as part of the operation of our business. These rules and obligations have increased the cost of compliance and could subject us to additional enforcement actions and contractual liability, which could further increase our costs and adversely affect the way in which we do business. 

Fraud and Abuse Laws. The healthcare industry is subject to laws and regulations on fraud and abuse that, among other things, prohibit the direct or indirect payment or receipt of any remuneration for patient referrals, or for the purchase or order, or arranging for or recommending referrals or purchases, of any item or service paid for in whole or in part by these federal or state healthcare programs. Federal enforcement personnel have substantial funding, powers and remedies to pursue suspected or perceived fraud and abuse. Moreover, both federal and state laws forbid bribery and similar behavior. 
 9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Anti-Kickback Laws prohibit giving anything of value to induce referrals of patients or healthcare products and services that are paid by federal healthcare programs. 

False Claims Act prohibit knowingly or intentionally including false information on a claim for payment submitted to a government payer or being deliberately ignorant to the fact that the information is false. 

Healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations can vary significantly from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and the state and federal interpretation of existing laws and regulations, and their enforcement, may change from time to time. We may also be subject to future legislation and regulations concerning the development and marketing of healthcare software systems or requirements related to product functionality. 
 Research and Development 
 The healthcare information systems and services industry is characterized by rapid technological change, requiring us to engage in continuing investments in our research and development to update, enhance and improve our systems. These efforts include developing new solutions as well as new features and enhancements to our existing solutions, which we believe will create additional opportunities to connect our systems to the healthcare community. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We sell and market our products primarily through a direct sales force and to a significantly lesser extent, through a reseller channel. NextGen Healthcare also provides solutions to networks of practices such as MSOs, IPAs, ACOs, ambulatory care centers ACCs ), and community health centers CHCs ). Our direct sales force is comprised of sales executives and account executives, who seek to understand the client strategy and build a multistage roadmap to reach the desired end state. For large clients, we use both inside and outside sales where efforts are a mix of on-site and virtual based. For smaller clients, efforts are all inside sales via web and phone, all of whom deliver presentations to potential clients by demonstrating our systems and capabilities either on prospective client s premises or through video meeting and web-based presentations. Our sales and marketing employees identify prospective clients through a variety of means, including a healthcare data and analytics platform, search engine optimization and value exchange content on nextgen.com; digital advertising; direct mail and email campaigns; referrals from existing clients and industry consultants; contacts at professional society meetings and trade shows (online and in person); webinars; public relations and social media campaigns; and telemarketing. Our sales cycle can vary significantly and typically ranges from six to 18 months from initial contact to contract execution. Smaller practices on NextGen Office tend to have significantly shorter sales cycles ranging in weeks. Moving forward, we expect more of our transactions to move to subscriptions. Clients have the option to purchase hosting and maintenance services, which are invoiced on a monthly, quarterly or annual basis. Subscriptions are delivered electronically after the agreement is signed. They generally include implementation and are typically billed monthly after implementation or based on volume or throughput. We continue to concentrate our direct sales and marketing efforts on the ambulatory market from large multi-specialty organizations to small-single specialty practices in high-opportunity specialty segments. 
 We have numerous clients and do not believe that the loss of any single client would adversely affect us. No client accounted for 10 or more of our net revenue during each of the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. In addition, software license sales to resellers represented less than 10 of total revenue for each of the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. Substantially the majority of our clients are located in the United States. 
 Proprietary Rights 
 We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, and contractual restrictions to establish and protect proprietary rights in our products and services. To protect our proprietary rights, we enter into confidentiality agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees with whom such controls are relevant. In addition, we include intellectual property protective provisions in our client and other third-party contracts and control access to software, documentation and other proprietary information. However, because the software industry is characterized by rapid technological change, we believe such factors as the technological and creative skills of our personnel, new product developments, frequent product enhancements, name recognition, and reliable product maintenance are more important to establishing and maintaining a technology leadership position than the various legal protections of our technology. 
 We rely on intellectual property obtained from third parties for certain components of our products and services. These components enhance our products and services and help meet evolving client needs. The failure to license any necessary technology, or to maintain our existing licenses, could result in reduced functionality of or reduced demand for our products. 
 Although we believe our products and services, and other proprietary rights, do not infringe upon the proprietary rights of third parties, third parties may assert intellectual property infringement claims against us in the future. Any such claims may result in costly, time-consuming litigation and may require us to enter into royalty or cross-license arrangements. 
 Privacy and Security 
 Our business operations involve hosting, storing, processing, and transmitting confidential information, including personally identifiable information, protected health information PHI and payment card information. We have implemented physical, technical, and administrative safeguards designed to help protect our systems in the event of a system interruption, security 
 10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 incident, or breach of information. Additionally, our comprehensive Information Security Management Program ISMP is designed to help safeguard the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our clients data through use of testing for assurances and outlining processes for appropriate response and reporting of security incidents. 
 Physical Safeguards 
 We utilize the industry s most well-respected certifications starting with Health Information Trust Alliance HITRUST Common Security Framework CSF ), which provides a process to standardize requirements of Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA and coordinate it with other national and international data security frameworks and many state laws. 
 We maintain Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard PCI-DSS Level 1 Service Provider, which allows us to minimize our clients PCI scope. In addition, we are a DirectTrust Health Information Service Provider HISP ), helping to maintain compliance with Security Organization Control 2, or SOC 2 Type II, across the domains of privacy, security, confidentiality, and availability. 
 These certifications and pertinent audits help with our client s third-party assurance programs to ensure we are meeting or exceeding HIPAA and other regulatory requirements. 
 Technical Safeguards 
 We operate both single-tenant environments and unified multi-tenant platforms that offer reliability, scalability, performance, security and privacy for our clients and the customers and patients they serve. To create geographical redundancy, our infrastructure resides in several geographically diverse regions across the United States. 
 Additionally, we have systems in place to monitor the security and confidentiality of PHI, and procedures designed to promptly initiate investigations and mitigation efforts upon notification or identification of a security incident. 
 Administrative Safeguards 
 We have a comprehensive training and awareness program which includes on-going awareness simulations, required training, supplemental training, and cross-functional incident response testing. All employees are required to complete each cybersecurity training, HIPAA training, and PCI DSS training annually. These training modules are reviewed annually to ensure compliance with the latest regulatory guidelines, laws, and industry best practices, and include information on how our employees can ensure they are meeting our security requirements while working in a remote environment. 
 All policies and procedures are made available to all employees through our organization s intranet, and acknowledgment of these is required at time of hire. Our Privacy Policy, which outlines how we collect and utilize personal data, is made available on our public facing website. 
 We recognize that these safeguards may not always prevent future cybersecurity incidents or breaches, especially in the current landscape of increasing cybersecurity risks from, among other areas, the prevalence of remote work, the ability of cyber-criminals to monetize cybersecurity incidents (ransomware, dark web, etc.), growth in digital payments, and cloud computing technology. We also recognize that regulatory scrutiny of privacy, data collection, use and sharing of data is increasing on a global basis, and we are uncertain how current and future data privacy laws may impact our business practices and privacy policies. 
 Managing Cybersecurity Risks 
 We conduct regular risk assessments, which are one component of our internal control environment that brings together key stakeholders to identify and evaluate threats and critical risks (both internal and external) that may impact our overall mission and objectives of the organization. The risk assessment process assigns certain risks identified through process to key stakeholders to monitor, manage and implement appropriate measures. 
 To mitigate the increasing risk of cybersecurity incidents, we review and evaluate our cybersecurity insurance coverage on an annual basis. Our evaluation is based on industry standard, and specific needs of the organization which are identified through business and privacy impact assessments. 
 We use a third-party vendor to conduct, perform and validate a bona fide annual risk assessment required by the HIPAA Security Rule. The third party vendor conducts interviews with key stakeholders and performs penetration testing, evidence collection and on site analysis. Formal rating systems determine what, if any, remediation strategies are warranted, and are then incorporated into a remediation plan. The vendor provides a report that is reviewed and approved by the Chief Information Security Office CISO and reported to appropriate members of executive management and Board of Directors. 
 The information systems team conducts weekly meetings to review and identify risks through the change management process. Meetings are held to ensure that projects, risks, compliance, federal regulations, and personnel are in line with the organizational goals regarding security and compliance. Continuity and resiliency planning are based on National Institute of Standards and Technology NIST cybersecurity best practices and are tested no less than annually. 
 A comprehensive assurance program is maintained with oversight by our CISO, which is included with the organization procurement gating process. Administrative and technical assessments are conducted prior to contract signing with any 
 11 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 third-party. Our control consciousness is influenced significantly by our Board of Directors and Audit Committee. While the management of our business is delegated to the management team, the Board of Directors oversees management s execution of the organization s business activities. 
 Human Capital 
 Workforce Statistics 
 As of March 31, 2023, NextGen Healthcare had approximately 2,783 full-time employees, approximately 721 of whom were based in Bangalore, India with the remainder located in the United States. None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement or are represented by a labor union. 
 Talent Recruitment 
 We recognize and value our employees as unique contributors through their entire journey at NextGen Healthcare. As such, we have a thoughtful and tailored approach to attracting, developing and retaining talent. We seek highly qualified applicants from a variety of sources with an increased focus on recruiting diverse talent. To ensure transparency and with a desire to mitigate bias, we conduct panel and round robin interviews for hiring and promotion. Discover NextGen, our adventure-based onboarding experience, provides a deep and broad picture of the organization with recognition that employees first few weeks on the job potentially cement their commitment to the company and culture. 
 Talent Retention and Development 
 We provide a career framework for our employees enabling their career development either within a single career track or through the ability to traverse multiple career ladders as they refine or optimize their development. Our Talent Community connects interested employees with internal functional subject matter experts to share job information including knowledge and skills required for advancement. We are committed to developing our employees through a culture of learning. We maintain an organizational development group focused on all aspects of employee development, including management and leadership through our LEAD framework and skill building. We also sponsor 24/7 on-demand training for employee certifications and relevant career-based skillsets and provide education reimbursement for continued education. 
 Diversity 
 We recognize our responsibility and strategic opportunity to champion varied viewpoints, culture and expertise. Our Diversity, Equity, Inclusion Belonging DEIB strategy includes goals around recruiting, retaining and developing diverse employees and leaders in the Company. Our Employee Resource Groups ERGs focus their efforts on career, culture, market and community. These ERGs include: AAPI (Asian American Pacific Islander), ABLED (Awareness Benefiting Leadership Employees About Disabilities), beiNG (Black Equity and Inclusion at NextGen), NextGen United, Generational and Allies, LatinX. LGBTQ+, Military/Veterans and Allies, Remote Engagement, Working Parents, and Women-In-Tech. Our ERGs communicate directly with senior leadership through Listening Sessions with our Chief Executive Officer and other C-level executives. Our BELONG (Bringing Employees to Leadership Opportunities at NextGen) sponsorship program pairs a senior member of our organization (the sponsor) with a more junior member (the prot g with the goal of career clarity and potential advancement. We also provide and promote employee training on harassment prevention, cultivating a respectful workplace and elimination of unconscious bias. Beyond the fundamental conversation about DEIB, we regularly engage with outside experts on training and facilitated conversations about topics including cultural competency and humility and career progression through a non-dominant culture lens. To measure the impact of the above activities, we survey our employees annually through a specific DEIB survey. We regularly engage with our Board of Directors on strategies, participation, and impact of these initiatives. 
 Employee Compensation 
 In recognition of the competitive talent landscape, we align our Total Rewards with the hiring landscape. Our comprehensive approach to compensation includes performance-based merit and bonus rewards. Additionally, long term incentives, 401(k) plan and match, and the Employee Stock Purchase Plan round out our reward strategy. To ensure we support pay equity, we conduct compensation analyses semi-annually in alignment with pay equity training for managers. 
 Culture and Engagement 
 NextGen Healthcare understands the vital importance of engaged employees to create a high potential community. We closely track our engagement and culture scores through an annual VOTE (Voice of The Employee) survey and on a monthly basis through our Employee Experience Monitor. We provide our team members with safe and confidential channels to voice concerns and receive a response and ensure they have access to members of our executive leadership team. Employees receive training on ethics and our code of conduct, including how to make reports on our ethics hotline. Our regularly scheduled Town Halls with all employees have become a vital part of our culture of community building. Our Board of Directors receive regular updates on employee engagement and satisfaction issues. 
 We believe that supporting community and volunteer service among our employees builds a strong culture and caring leaders. Each year, we sponsor NextGen Days of Caring during which our employees can volunteer for external charitable organizations. Our NextGen Cares program also allows employees to donate vacation time to help colleagues who have 
 12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 experienced natural disaster or tragedy. We also encourage our employees to participate in volunteer activities by providing the benefit of paid time off to volunteer through our Volunteer Time Off program. 
 Our Bangalore development center in India, under the leadership of its Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, conducts community relations activities every quarter to advance and support women s empowerment, improve health, support education and help fight poverty. 
 Health Safety 
 Our health and welfare plans reflect our desire to support our employees in a holistic way. Our healthcare plans are the cornerstone of the program, supplemented with additional insurance, mental health services for all employees, an Employee Assistance Program, and time off plans including vacation, sick leave and parental leave. We also support our employees well-being through an integrated online platform that offers a variety of campuses such as Family Care, Financial, New Hire, Wellness and Life Events. The campuses provide resources and access to certain programs/benefits relating to childcare, children of aging parents, gym membership, health coaching and more. 
 Transition to Remote Workforce 
 As the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic waned and in response to the overwhelming preference of our employees, we implemented remote work as our standard. Our Human Resources, Organizational Development and Information Security teams keep our employees engaged with resources to work remotely, remain productive and avoid burnout. Our business continuity health and safety team continue to share information and guidance on all pandemic updates through our internal health and safety communication channel. 
 Available Information 
 Our principal website is www.nextgen.com. We make our periodic and current reports, together with amendments to these reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, available on our website, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. You may access such filings through our Investor Relations website at http://investor.nextgen.com. The SEC maintains an internet site at www.sec.gov that contains the reports, proxy statements and other information that we file electronically with the SEC. Our website and the information contained therein or connected thereto is not intended to be incorporated into this Report or any other report or information we file with the SEC. We also use the following social media channels as a means of disclosing information about the company, our platform, our planned financial and other announcements and attendance at upcoming investor and industry conferences: 
 NextGen Healthcare Twitter Account (https://twitter.com/NextGen?s=20) 

NextGen Healthcare Company Blog (https://www.nextgen.com/blog) 

NextGen Healthcare Facebook Page (https://www.facebook.com/NextGenHealthcare) 

NextGen Healthcare LinkedIn Page (https://www.linkedin.com/company/nextgenhealthcareinc/) 

NextGen Healthcare Instagram Page (https://www.instagram.com/nextgenhealthcare/) 

NextGen Healthcare YouTube Page (https://www.youtube.com/user/nghisinc) 

We encourage our investors and others to review the information we make public in these locations as such information could be deemed to be material information. Please note that this list may be updated from time to time. 
 
 13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other cautionary statements and risks described elsewhere, and the other information contained in this Report and in our other filings with the SEC, including subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves a number of risks. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business operations. If any of these known or unknown risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected, in which case the trading price of our common stock may decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. The following information should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K. 
 Risks Related to our Business 
 We face significant, evolving competition which, if we fail to properly address, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and price of our stock. The markets for healthcare information systems are intensely competitive and rapidly evolving. We face significant competition from a number of different sources. Several of our competitors have substantially greater name recognition and financial, technical, product development and marketing resources than we do. Some of our competitors, have, and may continue to become more active in our markets both through internal development and acquisitions. Moreover, we expect that competition will continue to increase as a result of consolidation in both the IT and healthcare industries. Transaction induced and other competitive pressures and factors may result in price erosion and make the adoption and renewal of our solutions more difficult. Further, as we continue to enhance and develop new solutions and services, including in the areas of interoperability, data and analytics, and value-based care, we expect to face new competitors, and these new competitors may have more experience in these markets. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors or that the competitive pressures that we face will not materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 We may not be able to develop and market new products to and services respond to technological changes or evolving industry standards and our clients may not accept our products or services. The markets in which we operate are characterized by rapid technological and regulatory change, evolving industry standards and increasingly sophisticated client needs. In order to compete successfully, we must keep pace with our competitors in anticipating and responding to these rapid changes. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to enhance existing solutions and develop and introduce in a timely manner or acquire new solutions that keep pace with technological and regulatory developments and industry requirements, satisfy increasingly sophisticated client requirements and achieve market acceptance. If we are unable, for technological or other reasons, to develop or acquire on a timely and cost-effective basis new software solutions or enhancements to existing solutions or if such new solutions or enhancements do not achieve market acceptance, or if new technologies emerge that are able to deliver competitive offerings at lower prices, more efficiently, more conveniently, or more securely than our offerings, our business, financial condition, and results of operations can be adversely affected. 
 Saturation or consolidation in the healthcare industry could result in the loss of existing clients, a reduction in our potential client base and downward pressure on the prices for our products and services. As the healthcare information systems market continues to evolve, saturation of this market with our products or our competitors' products could limit our revenues and opportunities for growth. There has also been increasing consolidation amongst healthcare industry participants in recent years, creating integrated healthcare delivery systems with greater market power. As provider networks and managed care organizations consolidate, the number of market participants decreases and competition to provide products and services like ours become more intense. The importance of establishing and maintaining relationships with key industry participants becomes greater and our inability to make initial sales of our systems to, or maintain relationships with, newly formed groups and/or healthcare providers that are replacing or substantially modifying their healthcare information systems could adversely affect our business, results of operation and financial condition. Consolidation in our industry can result in fewer new footprint opportunities or lead to the replacement of our products and services in existing clients, cause downward pricing pressures and have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We depend on strategic relationships and our business could be materially impacted if we fail to manage these relationships properly . We face risk and/or possibility of claims from activities related to strategic partners. We depend on strategic relationships and third-party suppliers and our revenue and operating earnings could suffer if we fail to manage these relationships properly. To be successful, we must continue to maintain our existing strategic relationships and establish additional strategic relationships as necessary with leaders in the markets in which we operate. If we lose any of these third-party relationships or fail to establish additional relationships, or if our relationships fail to benefit us as expected, this could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. We rely on third parties to provide certain services for our business. For example, we use national clearinghouses in the processing of some insurance claims, and we outsource the printing and delivery of patient statements for our clients. These third parties could raise their prices or be acquired by our competitors or decide to compete with us in some or all of the markets in which we operate, which could potentially create short or long-term disruption to our business, negatively impacting our revenue, profit and/or stock price. We also have relationships with certain third parties where these third parties serve as sales channels through which we generate a portion of our revenue. In addition, we could be subject to claims as a result of the activities, products, or services of these third-party service providers even though we were not directly involved in the circumstances leading to those claims. 
 14 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We have acquired companies, and may engage in future acquisitions, which may be expensive, time consuming, subject to inherent risks and from which we may not realize anticipated benefits. Historically, we have acquired numerous businesses, technologies, and products. We may acquire additional businesses, technologies, and products if we determine that these additional businesses, technologies and products are likely to serve our strategic goals. Acquisitions have inherent risks, which, if materialized, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results or prospects, including, but not limited to the following: (i) failure to achieve projected synergies and performance targets; (ii) potentially dilutive issuances of our securities, the incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities and amortization expenses related to intangible assets with indefinite useful lives; (iii) using cash as acquisition currency may adversely affect interest or investment income, which may in turn adversely affect our earnings and /or earnings per share; (iv) unanticipated expenses or difficulty in fully or effectively integrating or retaining the acquired technologies, software products, services, business practices, management teams or personnel, which would prevent us from realizing the intended benefits of the acquisition; (v) failure to maintain uniform standard controls, policies and procedures across acquired businesses; (vi) difficulty in predicting and responding to issues related to product transition such as development, distribution and client support; (vii) the assumption of known and unknown liabilities; (viii) the possibility that the due diligence process in any such acquisition may not completely identify material issues associated with product quality, product architecture, product development, intellectual property issues, regulatory risks, compliance risks, key personnel issues or legal and financial contingencies, including any deficiencies in internal controls and procedures and the costs associated with remedying such deficiencies; and (ix) the possibility that acquired assets become impaired, or that acquired assets lead us to determine that existing assets become impaired, requiring us to take a charge to earnings which could be significant; and (x) the possibility of disputes over post-closing purchase price adjustments such as performance-based earnouts. A failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses or technology could, for any of these reasons, have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to manage our growth, including in the new markets we may enter, our business and financial results could suffer. We have in the past experienced periods of growth which have placed, and may continue to place, a significant strain on our non-cash resources. In addition, our future financial results will depend in part on our ability to profitably manage our business in new markets that we may enter. We are engaging in the strategic identification of, and competition for, growth and expansion opportunities in new markets or offerings, including in the areas of interoperability, patient engagements, data analytics and population health. In order to successfully execute on our growth initiatives, we will need to, among other things, manage changing business conditions, anticipate, and react to changes in the regulatory environment, and develop expertise in areas outside of our business's traditional core competencies. As we expand into new countries and markets, we will need to successfully address the risks inherent in the expansion of international operations, such as differing legal and regulatory requirements that may apply to our products and/or how we operate, including those that pertain to privacy and data protection, trade and employment restrictions and intellectual protections, among other risks, which could involve significant costs or require changes in products or business practices. Failure to successfully address these risks and other difficulties in managing future growth, including in new markets, could have a significant negative impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We may experience reduced revenues and/or be forced to reduce our prices in response to changes to the healthcare regulatory landscape . We may be subject to pricing pressures with respect to our future sales arising from various sources, including among other things, government action affecting reimbursement levels. Our clients and the other entities with which we have business relationships are affected by changes in statutes, regulations, and limitations on government spending for Medicare, Medicaid, and other programs. Recent and future government actions and legislation could limit government spending for Medicare and Medicaid programs, limit payments to healthcare providers, increase emphasis on competition, impose price controls, initiate new and expanded value-based reimbursement programs and create other programs that potentially could have an adverse effect on our clients and the other entities with which we have a business relationship. If we experience significant downward pricing pressure, our revenues may decline along with our ability to absorb overhead costs, which may leave our business less profitable. 
 Our operations are dependent upon attracting and retaining key personnel. If such personnel were to leave unexpectedly, we may not be able to execute our business plan. Our future performance depends in significant part upon the continued service of our key development, client service and senior management personnel and successful recruitment of new talent. These personnel have specialized knowledge and skills with respect to our business and our industry. The industry in which we operate is characterized by a high level of employee mobility and aggressive recruiting of skilled personnel. There can be no assurance that our current employees will continue to work for us. Loss of services of key employees could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, we may need to grant additional equity incentives to key employees and provide other forms of incentive compensation to attract and retain such key personnel. Equity incentives may be dilutive to our per share financial performance. Failure to provide such types of incentive compensation could jeopardize our recruitment and retention capabilities. 
 We have substantial development and other operations in India, and we use offshore third-party partners located in India and other countries, that subject us to regulatory, economic, social and political uncertainties and to laws applicable to U.S. companies operating overseas and other risks of global operations. We are subject to several risks associated with having a portion of our assets and operations located in India and by using third party service providers in India and other countries. Many U.S. companies have benefited from many policies of the Government of India and the Indian state governments in the states in which we operate, which are designed to promote foreign investment generally and the 
 15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 business process services industry in particular, including significant tax incentives, relaxation of regulatory restrictions, liberalized import and export duties and preferential rules on foreign investment and repatriation. There is no assurance that such policies will continue. Various factors, such as changes in the current Government of India, could trigger significant changes in India s economic liberalization and deregulation policies and disrupt business and economic conditions in India generally and our business in particular. In addition, our financial performance and the market price of our common stock may be adversely affected by general economic conditions and economic and fiscal policy in India, including changes in exchange rates and controls, interest rates and taxation policies, as well as social stability and political, economic or diplomatic developments affecting India in the future. Our ability to recruit, train and retain qualified employees, develop and operate our captive facility could be adversely affected if India does not successfully overcome challenges associated with sustaining its economic growth. In addition, U.S. governing authorities may pressure us to perform work domestically rather than using offshore resources. Furthermore, local laws and customs in India may differ from those in the U.S. For example, it may be a local custom for businesses to engage in practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures or U.S. laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ). The FCPA generally prohibits U.S. companies from giving or offering money, gifts, or anything of value to a foreign official to obtain or retain business and requires businesses to make and keep accurate books and records and a system of internal accounting controls. We cannot guarantee that our employees, contractors, and agents will comply with all of our FCPA compliance policies and procedures. If we or our employees, contractors, or agents fail to comply with the requirements of the FCPA or similar legislation, government authorities in the U.S. and elsewhere could seek to impose civil or criminal fines and penalties which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 If we fail to finalize a settlement with the DOJ or fail to comply with the terms of any such final settlement of the DOJ s investigations into certain of the Company s business practices, our business, results of operations and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected. In addition, even if we finalize the settlement, we may face additional investigations or lawsuits. Commencing in April 2017, we have received requests for documents and information from the United States Attorney's Office for the District of Vermont and other government agencies in connection with an investigation concerning the certification we obtained for our software under the United States Department of Health and Human Services' Electronic Health Record (EHR) Incentive Program. The requests for information relate to, among other things: (a) data used to determine objectives and measures under the Meaningful Use (MU) and the Physician Quality Reporting System (PQRS) programs, (b) our EHR product and its performance, including defects that relate to patient safety or meaningful use certifications, (c) the software code used in certifying our EHR software and information, and (d) marketing programs and payments provided for the referral of EHR business. In late 2022, the United States Attorney s Office informed NextGen of the existence of a sealed qui tam lawsuit concerning the issues NextGen has been discussing with their Office. While we have not yet reached a final, binding settlement agreement with the DOJ, we have reached an agreement in principle and have recorded legal settlement expense to reflect the anticipated payment to the DOJ if the settlement currently being negotiated is consummated. We also recorded an estimated amount of expense associated with attorneys fees that upon a final settlement would be paid to the private law firm that brought the original qui tam lawsuit. See Note 17, Contingencies, to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K for additional information. We expect that a final settlement with the DOJ, if it were to be completed, may include other material non-financial terms and conditions, including a civil settlement agreement. A variety of material issues remain subject to further negotiation and approval by us and the government before any binding resolution can be finalized, and additional accruals and expenses may be necessary following further negotiation. We cannot provide assurances that our efforts to reach a final settlement with the DOJ will be successful or, if they are, the timing or final terms of any such settlement. In addition, compliance with the terms of any such final settlement documents could impose significant costs and burdens on us. If we fail to comply with any such final settlement documents, the DOJ may impose substantial monetary penalties, exclude us from Medicare, Medicaid, and other federal healthcare programs, and/or bring administrative, civil or criminal charges against us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If a final agreement cannot be reached, the existing qui tam lawsuit will proceed to litigation and the DOJ may bring additional claims or other enforcement actions against us. These proceedings could lead to material fines, penalties, damages, and liabilities which could be substantial, as well as other material sanctions, and we would expect to incur significant costs in connection with such enforcement action and proceedings, regardless of the outcome. If any or all of these events occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Even if we were to reach a final settlement with the DOJ, such settlement or the conduct involved in the settlement may cause other governmental agencies to initiate investigations or proceedings, or may cause private parties such as shareholders, to threaten or initiate litigation, any of which could result in substantial and material fines, penalties, damages, expenses and/or liabilities, divert management s attention from other business concerns and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may also be subject to negative publicity related to these matters that could harm our reputation, reduce demand for our solutions and services, result in employee attrition and negatively impact our stock price. 
 Risks Related to Our Operations, Products and Services 
 Our business is subject to data security risks and cyber-attacks, and if we are unable to safeguard the security and privacy of our client s data, our services may be perceived as not being secure, clients may curtail or stop using our services, we may incur significant liabilities, and our reputation and business may be harmed. Our services involve the collection, storage, transmission and processing of clients proprietary and confidential information, including the personally identifiable and protected health information of our clients patients, as well as the personal and confidential information of our 
 16 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 employees and others. Because of the sensitivity of this information, security features of our network, software, and systems are very important. Threat actors regularly attempt to gain access to our information and systems through various techniques. These threats include cyber attacks, the use of harmful malware or ransomware, security breaches, acts of vandalism or theft, (including by employees), computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, power outages, protected health information leakage from implementing third-party technology to process and share data, hardware failures or other similar events. Furthermore our increased use of mobile and cloud technologies, including as a result of the shift to work-from-home arrangements resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, has heightened these cybersecurity and privacy risks, including risks from cyber attacks such as phishing, spam emails, hacking, social engineering, and malicious software. We have expended and may continue to expend significant capital and other resources to protect against data incidents, cyber attacks, or security breaches or to alleviate or mitigate problems caused by data incidents, cyber attacks, or security breaches. 
 Despite our implementation of security and privacy measures designed to ensure data security and compliance with applicable laws and rules, our network, systems, and services are vulnerable to these threats. Because techniques used to attack or compromise our systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventive security measures. Although we train and monitor our employees, it is possible that our employees may, intentionally or unintentionally, act in ways that create security vulnerabilities, present security risks to the network, or otherwise compromises our security measures and our systems. If our security measures are unable to safeguard our network, systems, and services, and the confidential, proprietary, personal, and protected health information stored and processed thereon, someone may be able to obtain unauthorized access to our network, systems, and software, as with the security incidents described below, and then employee, client, or patient data thereon. As a result, our reputation could be damaged, we could lose clients or business partners, our business may suffer, and we could face damages for contract breach, penalties for violation of applicable laws or regulations and significant costs for remediation and remediation efforts to prevent future occurrences, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, and financial results. 
 We rely upon our clients as users of our system for key activities to promote security of the system and the data within it, such as administration of client-side access credentialing and control of client-side display of data. On occasion, our clients have failed to perform these activities. Failure of clients to perform these activities may result in claims against us that this reliance was misplaced, which could expose us to significant expense and harm to our reputation even though our policy is to enter into business associate agreements with our clients. In addition, our clients may authorize or enable third parties to access their client data or the data of their patients on our systems. Because we do not control such access, we cannot ensure the complete propriety of that access or integrity or security of such data in our systems. 
 Violations of state or federal privacy or data security laws may result in claims against us or may limit or prevent our use of data, which could harm our business. Certain health privacy laws, data breach notification laws, privacy laws, and consumer protection laws may apply directly to our business and/or those of our collaborators and may impose restrictions on our collection, use, storage, and dissemination of individuals personal information and protected health information. Patients about whom we obtain personal and health information, as well as the healthcare services clients who share this information with us, may have statutory or contractual rights that limit our ability to use and disclose the information. We may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to ensure ongoing compliance with applicable privacy and data security laws. Claims that we have violated individuals privacy rights, violated applicable privacy or data security laws and regulations or breached our contractual obligations, even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time-consuming to defend and could result in adverse publicity that could harm our business. This could impair our functions, processes and databases that reflect, contain, or are based upon such data and may prevent use of such data. In addition, this could interfere with or prevent creation or use of rules and analyses or limit other data-driven activities that are beneficial to our business. Moreover, we may be subject to claims or liability for use or disclosure of information by reason of lack of valid notice, permission or waiver. These claims or liabilities could subject us to unexpected costs and adversely affect our operating results. 
 Data security incidents or security breaches could have numerous material adverse effects on our business and could result in significant liabilities, losses, and damages . In the course of our business operations, we collect, store, process, compile, and transmit confidential information, including personal information, patient health information, financial information and other sensitive information of our employees, our clients, and our clients patients. We also use third-party contractors to provide certain of these services, such as the service provides that host our technology platform. Although we train and monitor our employees and have systems and technical, physical, and administrative safeguards in place that we believe are reasonably designed to prevent and detect data security incidents and security breaches, we have no guarantee that these programs and controls will be adequate to prevent all possible security threats, cyber attacks, vulnerabilities, malfeasance, or errors. It is possible that our own employees, or that of our clients and vendors, may engage in conduct that compromises security or privacy. 
 Unauthorized access to or the compromise of our computer systems or data, or to the computer systems or data of our contractors, could result in the misappropriation or loss of assets or the disclosure of sensitive information, including any resulting from the incidents described below and in Note 17 to our audited financial statements, the corruption of data, disruption of our business operations, damage our reputation, reduce demand for our services, require us to devote financial and other resources to mitigate these breaches, subject us to litigation from our clients or shareholders, as well as actions by regulatory agencies, and result in damages being assessed against us. 
 17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 In addition, the other systems with which we may interface, such as the internet and related systems may be vulnerable to security breaches, viruses, malware, programming errors, or similar disruptive problems. The effect of these security breaches and related issues could also disrupt our ability to perform certain key business functions and could potentially reduce demand for our services. Accordingly, we have expended significant resources toward establishing and enhancing the security of our related infrastructures, although no assurance can be given that they will be entirely free from potential breach or compromise. Maintaining and enhancing our infrastructure security may require us to expend significant capital in the future. 
 The success of our strategy to offer our EDI services and SaaS solutions depends on the confidence of our clients in our ability to securely transmit confidential information. Our EDI services and SaaS solutions rely on encryption, authentication and other security technology licensed from third parties to achieve secure transmission of confidential information. We may not be able to stop unauthorized attempts to gain access to or disrupt the transmission of communications by our clients. Anyone who is able to circumvent our security measures could misappropriate or steal confidential user information or interrupt our, or our clients , operations. In addition, our EDI and SaaS solutions may be vulnerable to viruses, malware, physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions. 
 High-profile security breaches, especially companies supporting the healthcare industry, have increased in recent years, and security industry experts and government officials have warned about the risks of hackers and cyber-attacks targeting information technology products and businesses. Although this is an industry-wide problem that affects other software and hardware companies, we may be targeted by computer hackers because we are a prominent healthcare information technology company and have high profile clients. These risks will increase as we continue to grow our cloud offerings, store and process increasingly large amounts of our clients confidential data, including personally identifiable and protected health information, and host or manage parts of our clients businesses in cloud-based/multi-tenant information technology environments. We use third party cloud providers in connection with our cloud-based offerings or third-party providers to host our own data, in which case we may have to rely on the processes, controls and security such third parties have in place to protect the infrastructure. Moreover, unauthorized access, acquisition, use, alteration, destruction, or disclosure of such sensitive information, including any resulting from the incidents described below, could result in civil or criminal liability or regulatory action, including potential fines and penalties. 
 The costs we have had to incur and which we could continue to incur to address any security incidents or security breaches increase our expenses, and our efforts to resolve these problems may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, cessation of service and loss of existing or potential clients that may impede our sales, development of solutions, provision of services, or other critical functions. If a cyberattack or other security incident were to allow unauthorized access to or unauthorized acquisition, use, modification, or disclosure of our clients or suppliers data, personal information or protected health information of patients, our own data, or our information technology systems (much like what occurred in the January and March 2023 incidents described below), or if our products or services are perceived as having security vulnerabilities, we could suffer significant damage to our brand and reputation. This could lead to fewer clients using our products or services and make it more difficult for us to obtain new clients, resulting in reduced revenue and earnings. These types of security incidents could also lead to lawsuits, regulatory investigations and claims, and increased legal liability, such as the lawsuits stemming from the March 2023 security incident as described below and in Note 17 to our audited financial statements. 
 On January 6, 2023, we became aware of unauthorized access to a limited part of the corporate NextGen Healthcare network, which, upon investigation, revealed that NextGen was the target of a sophisticated cyber attack. We immediately executed our internal response procedures and launched an in-depth forensic investigation with the help of leading third-party forensic experts. We also took measures to contain the threat and to successfully eradicate it from our network. Though our operations returned to normal in relatively short order, out of an abundance of caution, we notified any clients who were impacted by the disruption and incident. Because of the sophisticated nature of the cyber attack on our systems, our in-depth forensic investigation into the nature and full scope of the incident remains ongoing and we continue to perform a detailed and manual review and analysis of the data potentially impacted to understand if any personally identifiable information or protected health information was accessed without authorization during the attack. Impact to personally identifiable information or protected health information belonging to our employees, clients, or patients could trigger data breach notification obligations, which could result in lawsuits from impacted clients, patients, or employees, regulatory inquiries, significant damage to our reputation, loss of sales and clients, and other damages or losses. 
 Separately, on March 30, 2023, we were alerted to suspicious activity on our NextGen Office (NGO) system. In response, we executed our internal response procedures and launched a forensic investigation with the help of leading third-party forensic experts. We also took measures to contain the incident and contacted law enforcement. From our forensic investigation, we determined that an unknown third-party gained unauthorized access to a limited set of electronically stored personal information on the NGO system between March 29, 2023 and April 14, 2023. We also determined that the unknown third-party accessed the NGO system by using NGO client credentials that appeared to have been stolen from sources or incidents unrelated to us, and then used those credentials to access the NGO system. We performed an analysis and review of the impacted data and discovered that certain personal information belonging to approximately 1 million patients was included in the electronic data accessed during the incident. The information impacted included: name, date of birth, address, and social security number. However, there was no evidence to suggest there was any access or impact to any protected health information or any medical records. On April 28, 2023, we sent written notification to all impacted individuals and offered them 24 months of free fraud detection monitoring and identity theft protection. We also directly notified impacted NGO clients as well as state regulatory authorities and the three credit bureaus. 
 18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Following our notification of the data breach, we were named as a defendant in thirteen putative class action lawsuits in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia, all of which assert various claims stemming from the data breach and NextGen Healthcare s alleged failure to safeguard personal information. These lawsuits seek monetary damages, injunctive and declaratory relief, and attorneys fees and costs. We believe we have meritorious defenses to these actions and intend to vigorously oppose the claims asserted in these complaints. We cannot reasonably estimate the range of potential losses that may be associated with these lawsuits because of the early stage of each lawsuit. We also cannot assure you that we will not become subject to other lawsuits, inquiries, or claims relating to or arising from the March incident. Although we maintain cyber-technology liability insurance, it is possible that the ultimate amount paid by us, if we are unsuccessful in defending all of the litigation, will be in excess of our cyber-technology liability insurance coverage applicable to claims of this nature. 
 Furthermore, even though we carry cyber-technology insurance policies that provide insurance coverage under certain circumstances, we may suffer other losses and costs as a result of the security incidents described above or other security incidents or security breaches that exceed the coverage available under our insurance policies or for which we do not have coverage. In the future, such insurance may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Our risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of, among other things, the value of healthcare-related data and the interconnectivity and interdependence of third parties to our systems. In addition, publicity related to security incidents, including the security incidents described above, could in the future have a range of other adverse effects on our business or prospects, including causing or contributing to loss of customer confidence, reduced customer demand, reduced customer retention, strategic growth opportunities, and associated retention and recruiting difficulties, some, or all of which could be material. 
 The occurrence of actual cyber security events, such as the security incidents described above, could magnify the severity of the adverse effects of future incidents on our business. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable, or degrade service, or sabotage information systems can be difficult to detect for extended periods of time and can involve difficult or prolonged assessment or remediation periods even once detected, there can be no assurance that the steps we take in response to an incident, including the security incidents identified above, will be sufficient to prevent future significant incidents. As threats continue to evolve and increase, we have already devoted and expect to continue to devote significant resources in order to modify and enhance our security controls and to identify and remediate any security vulnerabilities. Our risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of, among other things, the value of healthcare-related data and the interconnectivity and interdependence of third parties to our systems. 
 We may experience interruption at our data centers or client support facilities, which could interrupt clients access to their data, exposing us to significant costs and reputational harm. We perform data center and/or hosting services for certain clients, including the storage of critical patient and administrative data and the provision of support services, at company-managed facilities and through third party hosting arrangements with public cloud providers. We also use public cloud providers and other third parties in connection with hosting our own data. While we control and generally have exclusive access to our servers and all of the components of our network that are located in our external data centers, we do not control the operation of these facilities and they may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss telecommunications failures and similar events. Likewise, our use of a single cloud vendor could increase our exposure to interruptions if the vendor were to experience a catastrophic event impacting its service offering. System redundancy, disaster recovery and other continuity measures may be inadequate. Any interruption, damage or breach of our systems or with those of third parties on which we rely, such as our cloud service providers, could damage our reputation, cause us to lose existing clients, hurt our ability to obtain new clients, result in significant revenue loss, create potential liabilities for our clients and us and increase insurance and other operating costs. 
 Our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the internet and we rely on bandwidth providers, data center providers, and other third parties over which we exercise limited control. We deliver products and services that are dependent on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the internet and other telecommunications services by third parties. Any failure or interruption in the services provided by these third parties or our own systems, or any failure of or by third-party providers systems or our own systems to handle current or higher volume of use, could significantly harm our business. We exercise limited control over our third-party suppliers, which increases our vulnerability to problems with services they provide. In the event of any difficulties, outages and delays by internet service providers, we may be impeded from providing services, which could result in substantial costs to remedy those problems or negatively impact our relationship with our clients, our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our products or services could fail to perform properly due to errors or similar problems which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our products and services, and the third-party software products or services incorporated therein, may contain defects or errors, including errors in the design, coding, implementation, or configuration, which could create vulnerabilities and affect the ability of our products and services to properly function, integrate or operate with other offerings, or achieve market acceptance. This includes third-party software products or services incorporated into our own solutions and services. Errors and defects in our products and services can also result in data loss or corruption or cause the information that we collect to be incomplete or inaccurate. In addition, errors may arise from interface of our solutions with systems and data that we did not develop and the function of which is outside our control or undetected in our testing. As a result, when problems occur, it may be difficult to identify the source of the problem. It is possible that errors may be found after introduction of new products or services or enhancements to existing products or services. If we detect errors before we introduce a solution, we may have to delay deployment for an extended 
 19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 period while we address the problem. If we do not discover errors until after deployment, we may need to provide enhancements to correct such errors. Remediating product defects and errors could consume our development and management resources. Quality or performance issues with our products and services may result in product-related liabilities, unexpected expenses, and diversion of resources to remedy errors, harm to our reputation, lost sales, delays in commercial releases, delays in or loss of market acceptance of our solutions, license termination or renegotiations, and privacy or security vulnerabilities. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely impact our reputation as well as our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 We may be liable for use of content we provide . We provide content for use by healthcare providers in treating patients. Certain of this content is provided by third-party content suppliers. In addition, certain of our solutions provide applications that relate to patient clinical information. If this content is incorrect or incomplete, adverse consequences may occur and give rise to third party claims based on the nature and content of health information provided or made available through our solutions. We could also be subject to liability for content that may be accessible through our website or third-party websites linked from our website or through content and information that may be posted by users in chat rooms, bulletin boards or on websites created by professionals using our applications. Even if these claims do not result in liability to us, investigating and defending against these claims could be expensive and time consuming and could divert management s attention away from our operations. 
 We may be subject to claims for system errors, warranties, or product liability, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Because our products and services are used in clinical settings to collect, store and display health-related information used in the diagnosis and treatment of patients and for related practice management purposes, such as admissions and billing, our clients and users of our systems have a heightened sensitivity to errors and defects. If our products or services are alleged to have contributed to faulty clinical decisions, injury to patients or negative financial impact to clients, we might be subject to claims or litigation by our clients or their patients. Any failure by our products to provide accurate and timely information concerning patients, their medication, treatment, and health status, generally, could result in claims against us which could materially and adversely impact our financial performance, industry reputation and ability to market new system sales. In addition, a court or government agency may take the position that our delivery of health information directly, including through licensed practitioners, or delivery of information by a third-party site that a consumer accesses through our websites, exposes us to assertions of malpractice, other personal injury liability, or other liability for wrongful delivery/handling of healthcare services or erroneous health information. We maintain insurance to protect against claims associated with the use of our products as well as liability limitation language in our end-user agreements, but there can be no assurance that our insurance coverage or contractual language would adequately cover any claim asserted against us. A successful claim or series of claims brought against us in excess of or outside of our insurance coverage could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Even unsuccessful claims could result in our expenditure of funds for litigation and management time and resources. 
 We are subject to the effect of payer and provider conduct which we cannot control and accordingly, there is no assurance that revenue for our services will continue at historic levels . We offer certain electronic claims submission products and services as part of our product line. While we have implemented certain product features designed to maximize the accuracy and completeness of claims submissions, these features may not be sufficient to prevent inaccurate claims data from being submitted to payers. Should inaccurate claims data be submitted to payers, we may be subject to liability claims. Electronic data transmission services are offered by certain payers to healthcare providers that establish a direct link between the provider and payer. This process reduces revenue to third party EDI service providers such as us. A significant increase in the utilization of direct links between providers and payers would reduce the number of transactions that we process and for which we are paid, resulting in a decrease in revenue and an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We face risks related to the periodic maintenance and upgrades that need to be made to our products. As we continue to develop and improve upon our technology and offerings, we need to periodically upgrade and maintain the products deployed to our clients. This process can require a significant amount of our internal time and resources and be complicated and time consuming for our clients. Certain upgrades may also pose the risk of system delays or failure. If our periodic upgrades and maintenance cause disruptions to our clients, we may lose revenue-generating transactions, our clients may elect to use other solutions and we may also be the subject of negative publicity that may adversely affect our business and reputation. 
 Our failure to obtain licenses for, or our use of, third-party technologies and services could harm our business. We depend upon licenses for some of the technology used in our products as well as other services from third party vendors. Most of these arrangements can be continued/renewed only by mutual consent and may be terminated for any number of reasons. We may not be able to continue using the products or services made available to us under these arrangements on commercially reasonable terms or at all. As a result, we may have to discontinue, delay, or reduce product shipments or services provided until equivalent technology or services can be identified, licensed, developed, or integrated, and this inability could harm our business and operating results. Most of our third-party licenses are non-exclusive. Our competitors may obtain the right to use any of the business elements covered by these arrangements and use these elements to compete directly with us. Our use of third-party technologies also exposes us to increased risks, including risks associated with the integration of new technology into our solutions, the diversion of our resources from development of our own proprietary technology and our inability to generate revenue from third-party technologies and services sufficient to offset associated costs which would negatively impact our results of operations. Further, the operation of our products would be impaired if errors occur in third 
 20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 party technology or content that we incorporate, and we may incur additional costs to repair or replace the defective technology or content. It may be difficult for us to correct any errors in third party products because the products are not within our control. 
 Regulatory, Legal and Compliance Risks 
 There is significant uncertainty in the healthcare industry in which we operate, and the current governmental laws and regulations, as well as any future modifications to the regulatory environment, may adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The healthcare industry is subject to changing political, economic, legal, and regulatory influences that may affect the procurement processes and operation of healthcare facilities and our costs to deliver products and services that enable our clients to meet their compliance requirements. During the past decade, the healthcare industry has been subject to increased legislation and regulation of, among other things, reimbursement rates, payment programs and information technology programs and certain capital expenditures. These health reform laws contain various provisions which impact us and our clients. Some of these provisions have a positive impact, by expanding the use of electronic health records in certain federal programs, for example, while others, such as reductions in reimbursement for certain types of providers, have a negative impact due to fewer available resources. The continued increase in fraud and abuse penalties is expected to adversely affect participants in the healthcare sector, including us. The full impact of healthcare reform legislation and of further statutory actions to reform healthcare payment on our business is unknown, but there can be no assurance that health care reform legislation will not adversely impact either our operational results or the manner in which we operate our business. 
 As existing regulations mature and become better defined, we anticipate that these regulations will continue to directly affect certain of our products and services, but we cannot fully predict the effect at this time. Healthcare providers may react to these laws and any future proposals, and the uncertainty surrounding such proposals, by curtailing or deferring investments, including those for our products and services. Our efforts to provide solutions that enable our clients to comply with these regulations could be time consuming and expensive and may adversely affect our business model. We have taken steps to modify our products, services, and internal practices as necessary to facilitate our compliance with the regulations, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so in a timely or complete manner. Achieving compliance with these regulations could be costly and distract management s attention and divert other company resources, and any noncompliance by us could result in civil and criminal penalties. 
 The healthcare industry is heavily regulated and our failure to comply with regulatory requirements could create liability for us and adversely affect our business. As a participant in the healthcare industry, our business, and that of our clients, is subject to a wide array of complex and rapidly changing federal and state laws, regulations, and industry initiatives, including in the areas of information sharing, electronic health record and interoperability standards, e-prescribing, claims processing and transmission, security and privacy of patient data, and healthcare fraud, including laws prohibiting the submission of false or fraudulent claims which apply to healthcare providers and others that make, offer, seek or receive referrals or payments for products or services that may be paid for through any federal or state healthcare program and, in some instances, any private program. These laws are complex and their application to our specific services and relationships may not be clear and may be applied to our business in ways that we do not anticipate. The impact of these regulations on us is both direct, to the extent that we are ourselves subject to these laws and regulations, and also indirect, in terms of government program requirements applicable to our clients for the use of health information technology. Federal and state regulatory and law enforcement authorities have recently increased enforcement activities with respect to Medicare and Medicaid fraud and abuse regulations and other healthcare reimbursement laws and rules. Increases in fraud and abuse penalties may also adversely affect participants in the health care sector, including us. 
 Other specific risks include, but are not limited to, risks relating to: 
 Privacy and Security of Patient Information. As part of the operation of our business, we and our third-party service providers collect, process and store significant amounts of sensitive, confidential, and proprietary information, including personally identifiable information, such as payment data and protected health information. U.S. federal, state and local laws and foreign legislation govern the confidentiality of personal and patient medical record information, how that information may be used, and the circumstances under which such information may be released. These regulations govern both the disclosure and use of confidential personal and patient medical record information and require the users of such information to implement specified security and privacy measures. HIPAA regulations apply national standards for some types of electronic health information transactions and the data elements used in those transactions to ensure the integrity, security and confidentiality of health information and standards to protect the privacy of individually identifiable health information and require us to enter into business associate agreements with our clients and vendors. Failure by us to enter into adequate business associate agreements with any client or vendor would place us in violation of applicable standards and requirements and could expose us to liability. We and our clients are also subject to evolving state laws regarding the privacy and security of healthcare information and personal information generally. These rules, and any future changes to privacy and security rules, may increase the cost of compliance and could subject us to additional enforcement actions, which could further increase our costs and adversely affect the way in which we do business. 
 Foreign regulations, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), may impose restrictions on the processing of personal data (including health-data) that, in some respects, are more stringent, and impose more significant burdens on subject businesses, than current privacy standards in the United States. In non-U.S. jurisdictions, we also are 
 21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 subject to potential restrictions on cross-border transfers of personal data to the United States as well as other countries where we have operations or partnerships. 
 Data protection regulations impact how businesses, including both us and our clients, can collect and process the personal data of individuals. The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, such laws, regulations and policies, or modifications thereto, that are applicable to us may limit the use and adoption of our products and services and could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, we incur development, resource, and capital costs in delivering, updating, and supporting products and services to enable our clients to comply with these varying and evolving standards. Federal, state and non-U.S. governmental enforcement personnel have substantial powers and remedies, particularly in the EU, to pursue suspected or perceived violations. If we fail to comply with any applicable laws or regulations, we could be subject to civil penalties, sanctions and contract liability and could otherwise damage our reputation. Enforcement investigations, even if meritless, could have a negative impact on our reputation, cause us to lose existing clients or limit our ability to attract new clients. 
 In addition to data privacy and security laws, we are contractually subject to industry standards adopted by industry groups and may become subject to such obligations in the future. For example, the PCI DSS requires companies to adopt certain measures to ensure the security of cardholder information, including using and maintaining firewalls, adopting proper password protections for certain devices and software, and restricting data access. 
 We may be subject to false or fraudulent claim laws . There are numerous federal and state laws that forbid submission of false information or the failure to disclose information in connection with submission and payment of physician claims for reimbursement. In some cases, these laws also forbid abuse of existing systems for such submission and payment. Any failure of our revenue cycle management services to comply with these laws and regulations could result in substantial liability including, but not limited to, criminal liability, could adversely affect demand for our services and could force us to expend significant capital, research and development and other resources to address the failure. Errors by us or our systems with respect to entry, formatting, preparation or transmission of claim information may be determined or alleged to be in violation of these laws and regulations. Determination by a court or regulatory agency that our services violate these laws could subject us to civil or criminal penalties, invalidate all or portions of some of our client contracts, require us to change or terminate some portions of our business, require us to refund portions of our services fees, cause us to be disqualified from serving clients doing business with government payers and have an adverse effect on our business. Determination by a court that we have violated the FCA may subject us to treble damages, plus mandatory civil penalties for each separate false claim. Even if these matters are not resolved against us, the uncertainty and expense associated with unresolved legal proceedings could harm our business and reputation. It is possible that resolution of one or any combination of more than one legal matter could result in a material adverse impact on our financial position or results of operations. 
 In most cases where we are permitted to do so, we calculate charges for our revenue cycle management services based on a percentage of the collections that our clients receive as a result of our services. To the extent that violations or liability for violations of these laws and regulations require intent, it may be alleged that this percentage calculation provides us or our employees with incentive to commit or overlook fraud or abuse in connection with submission and payment of reimbursement claims. CMS has stated that it is concerned that percentage-based billing services may encourage billing companies to commit or to overlook fraudulent or abusive practices. 
 A portion of our business involves billing of Medicare claims on behalf of its clients. In an effort to combat fraudulent Medicare claims, the federal government offers rewards for reporting of Medicare fraud which could encourage others to subject us to a charge of fraudulent claims, including charges that are ultimately proven to be without merit. 
 Additionally, under the FCA, the federal government allows private individuals to file a complaint or otherwise report actions alleging the defrauding of the federal government by an entity. These suits, known as qui tam actions or whistleblower suits may be brought by, with only a few exceptions, any private citizen who believes that he has material information of a false claim that has not been previously disclosed. If the federal government intervenes, the individual that filed the initial complaint may share in any settlement or judgment. If the federal government does not intervene in the action, the whistleblower plaintiff may pursue its allegation independently. Some states have adopted similar state whistleblower and false claims provisions. Qui tam actions under the FCA and similar state laws may lead to significant fines, penalties, settlements or other sanctions, including exclusion from Medicare or other federal or state healthcare programs, which could result in a material adverse impact on our financial position or results of operations 
 Interoperability and Other Regulatory Standards. Our clients are concerned with and often require that our software solutions and health care devices be interoperable with other third-party health care information technology suppliers. The Cures Act includes numerous provisions intended to encourage this nationwide interoperability. In March 2020, the ONC finalized additional regulations under the Cures Act to enforce the Act s policy directives relating to data sharing and interoperability. Specifically, it calls on developers of certified EHRs and health IT products to adopt standardized application programming interfaces APIs ), which will help allow individuals to securely and easily access structured and unstructured EHI formats using smartphones and other mobile devices. This provision and others included in the rule create a lengthy list of new certification and maintenance of certification requirements that developers of EHRs and other health IT products must meet in order to maintain approved federal government certification status. Meeting and maintaining this certification status will require additional development costs. Other regulatory provisions included in the Cures Act could create compliance costs and/or regulatory risks for the company. 
 22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Because these regulations are subject to future changes and/or significant enforcement discretion by federal agencies, the ultimate impact of these regulations is unknown. Market forces or governmental authorities could continue to create software interoperability or other regulatory standards that could apply to our solutions, and if our applicable products or services are not consistent with those standards, we could be forced to incur substantial additional development costs. If our applicable products or services are not consistent with these varying and evolving standards or do not support our clients in their efforts to meet new certification requirements, our market position and sales could be adversely affected, which could materially and adversely impact our financial condition and operating results. 
 The ONC rule also implements the information blocking provisions of the Cures Act, including identifying reasonable and necessary activities that do not constitute information blocking. Under the Cures Act, the HHS has the regulatory authority to investigate and assess civil monetary penalties of up to 1,000,000 against certified health IT developers found to be in violation of information blocking prohibitions. This new oversight and authority to investigate claims of information blocking creates significant risks for us and our clients and could potentially create substantial new compliance costs. 
 Federal Requirements for the Use of Certified Health Information Technology. Various federal, state and non-government agencies continue to generate requirements for the use of certified health information and technology and interoperability standards which affect the design of such technology. Although the incentive programs available to healthcare providers who implemented EHRs and demonstrated meaningful use under the HITECH Act has expired, the requirements associated with certification and privacy remain in effect. In addition, the Cures Act has tied CEHRT to certain of its policy goals, and participation in Medicare s alternative payment models has also been conditioned on the adoption of CEHRT. These regulations will also mandate adoption of updated and expanded certified capabilities of CEHRT that our clients must adopt to remain able to participate in the federal programs mentioned earlier. In addition, the ONC has increased its surveillance activities concerning vendor compliance relative to CEHRT. 
 Where clients have relied on our software as being certified according to applicable HITECH Act technical standards, we may face liability related to any incentive that the physicians received in reliance upon such certification if this certification were to be challenged. Failure to maintain this certification under the HITECH Act could also jeopardize our relationships with customers who are relying upon us to provide certified software and will make our products and services less attractive to customers than the offerings of other EHR vendors who maintain certification of their products. If our clients do not receive or lose expected payments from other incentive pay for value programs this could harm or delay their willingness to purchase future products or upgrades. We also cannot predict the speed at which healthcare providers will participate in the relevant programs or whether healthcare providers will select our products and services at all. 
 It is also possible that additional regulations or government programs related to electronic health records, amendment or repeal of current healthcare laws and regulations or the delay in regulatory implementation could require us to undertake additional efforts to meet expanded CEHRT standards, materially impact our ability to compete in the evolving healthcare IT market, materially impact healthcare providers' decisions to implement electronic health records systems or have other impacts that would be unfavorable to our business. The costs of achieving and maintaining CEHRT are also significant and because the definition of CEHRT and its use requirements for clients are subject to regulatory changes. We cannot predict the content or effect of possible changes to these laws or new federal and state laws that might govern these systems and services. Our inability to design our systems and services in a manner that facilitates our clients compliance with these laws could result in a material adverse impact on our financial position or results of operations. 
 Electronic Prescribing. The use of our software by physicians to perform a variety of functions, including electronic prescribing, is governed by state and federal law, including fraud and abuse laws. States have differing prescription format requirements and there is significant variation in the laws and regulations governing prescription activity, as federal law and the laws of many states permit the electronic transmission of certain controlled prescription orders, while the laws of several states neither specifically permit nor specifically prohibit the practice. Restrictions exist at the federal level on the use of electronic prescribing for controlled substances and certain other drugs. Some states have passed complementary laws governing the use of electronic prescribing tools in the use of prescribing opioids and other controlled substances, and we expect this to continue to be addressed with regulations in other states. Regulations in this area impose certain requirements which can be burdensome and evolve regularly and may adversely affect our business model. 
 FDA Regulation of Software as a Medical Device. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA may in the future determine that our technology solutions are subject to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. The December 2016 Cures Act clarified the definition of a medical device to exclude certain health information technology such as EHRs; however, the legislation did leave the opportunity for that designation to be revisited if determined to be necessary by changing industry and technological dynamics. As a result, our software may potentially be subject to regulation by the FDA as a medical device. Regulation of our software by the FDA as a medical device would require the registration of the applicable manufacturing facility and software and hardware products, application of detailed record-keeping and manufacturing standards, application of the medical device excise tax, and FDA approval or clearance prior to marketing. An approval or clearance requirement could create delays in marketing, and the FDA could require supplemental filings or object to certain of these applications, the result of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Proprietary rights are material to our success, and the misappropriation of these rights could adversely affect our business and our financial condition. We are dependent on the maintenance and protection of our intellectual property, and we rely largely on technical security measures, license agreements, confidentiality procedures and employee nondisclosure agreements to protect our intellectual property. The majority of our software is not patented, and existing copyright laws offer 
 23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 only limited protection. We may not be able to adequately protect against theft, copying, reverse engineering, misappropriation, infringement or unauthorized use or disclosure of our intellectual property, which could have an adverse effect on our competitive position. Further, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to as great an extent as do the laws of the United States and are often not enforced as vigorously as those in the United States. 
 If we are deemed to infringe on the proprietary rights of third parties, we could incur unanticipated expense and be prevented from providing our products and services. We are occasionally involved in intellectual property infringement or misappropriation claims. These claims, even if unmeritorious, are expensive to defend and are often incapable of prompt resolution. If we are unsuccessful in defending these claims, we could be required to pay a substantial damage award, develop alternative technology, obtain a license, or cease using, selling, offering for sale, licensing, implementing, or supporting the applicable technology. In addition, claims may be brought against third parties from which we purchase software, and such claims could adversely affect our ability to access third party software for our systems. 
 We face the risks and uncertainties that are associated with litigation and investigations, which may adversely impact our marketing, distract management and have a negative impact upon our business, results of operations and financial condition. We face the risks associated with litigation and investigations concerning the operation of our business, including claims by clients regarding product and contract disputes, by patients relating to the processing and hosting of their personally identifiable information and protected health information, by other third parties asserting infringement of intellectual property rights, by current and former employees regarding certain employment matters, by certain shareholders, and by governmental and regulatory bodies for failures to comply with applicable laws. The uncertainty associated with substantial unresolved disputes may have an adverse effect on our business. In particular, such disputes could impair our relationships with existing clients and our ability to obtain new clients. Defending litigation and investigative matters may require substantial cost and may result in a diversion of management's time and attention away from business operations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We face risks related to litigation advanced by a former director and shareholder of ours. On October 7, 2013, a complaint was filed against our Company and certain of our officers and directors by Ahmed Hussein, a former director and significant shareholder of our Company. The amended complaint generally alleges fraud and deceit, constructive fraud, negligent misrepresentation and breach of fiduciary duty in connection with statements made to our shareholders regarding our financial condition and projected future performance. The amended complaint seeks actual damages, exemplary and punitive damages and costs. Trial commenced on July 6, 2021. On July 29, 2021, a jury rendered a verdict in favor of the Company and the individual defendants on all counts. Plaintiff has appealed the jury verdict. See Note 16, Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies, to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Capital and Credit Risks 
 Our credit agreement contains restrictive and financial covenants that may limit our operational flexibility. If we fail to meet our obligations under the credit agreement, our operations may be interrupted, and our business and financial results could be adversely affected. On March 12, 2021, we entered into a revolving credit agreement with various lenders, secured by substantially all of our and our material domestic subsidiaries existing and future property. The credit agreement and potential subsequent amendments may include certain customary covenants that impose restrictions on our business and financing activities that could limit our operations or flexibility to take certain actions. The credit agreement also contains certain customary affirmative covenants requiring us to maintain specified levels of financial performance. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events that could be beyond our control. A breach of these covenants could result in an event of default under the credit agreement which, if not cured or waived, could result in the indebtedness becoming immediately due and payable, which in turn could result in material adverse consequences that negatively impact our business, the market price for our common stock, and our ability to obtain financing in the future. In addition, our credit agreement s covenants, consent requirements, and other provisions may limit our flexibility to pursue or fund strategic initiatives or acquisitions that might be in the long-term interests of our Company and shareholders. 
 Our indebtedness and liabilities could limit the cash flow available for our operations, expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and impair our ability to satisfy our obligations under the Convertible Notes. Our indebtedness could have significant negative consequences for our security holders and our business, results of operations and financial condition by, among other things: 
 increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; 

limiting our ability to obtain additional financing 

requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our indebtedness, which will reduce the amount of cash available for other purposes; 

limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business; 

diluting the interests of our existing stockholders as a result of issuing shares of our common stock upon conversion of the Convertible Notes; and 

24 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage with competitors that are less leveraged than us or have better access to capital. 

Our business may not generate sufficient funds, and we may otherwise be unable to maintain sufficient cash reserves, to pay amounts due under our indebtedness, including the Convertible Notes, and our cash needs may increase in the future. In addition, our existing Credit Agreement contains, and any future indebtedness that we may incur may contain, financial and other restrictive covenants that limit our ability to operate our business, raise capital or make payments under our other indebtedness. If we fail to comply with these covenants or to make payments under our indebtedness when due, then we would be in default under that indebtedness, which could, in turn, result in that and our other indebtedness becoming immediately payable in full. 
 We may be unable to raise the funds necessary to repurchase the Convertible Notes for cash following a fundamental change, or to pay the cash amounts due upon conversion, and our other indebtedness may limit our ability to repurchase the Convertible Notes or pay cash upon their conversion. Noteholders may, subject to a limited exception, require us to repurchase their Convertible Notes following a fundamental change (as defined in the Convertible Note Indenture) at a cash repurchase price generally equal to the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. In addition, all conversions of Convertible Notes will be settled partially or entirely in cash. We may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to repurchase the Convertible Notes or pay the cash amounts due upon conversion. In addition, applicable law, regulatory authorities and the agreements governing our other indebtedness may restrict our ability to repurchase the Convertible Notes or pay the cash amounts due upon conversion. Our existing Credit Agreement contains certain limitations on cash payments for the conversion, redemption or repurchase of the Convertible Notes, including compliance with certain leverage ratios on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such cash payments. Our failure to repurchase Convertible Notes or pay the cash amounts due upon conversion when required will constitute a default under the Convertible Note Indenture. A default under the Convertible Note Indenture or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our other indebtedness, which may result in that other indebtedness becoming immediately payable in full. We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy all amounts due under the other indebtedness and the Convertible Notes. 
 Provisions in the Convertible Note Indenture could delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover of us. Certain provisions in the Convertible Notes and the Convertible Note Indenture could make a third-party attempt to acquire us more difficult or expensive. For example, if a takeover constitutes a fundamental change, then noteholders will have the right to require us to repurchase their Convertible Notes for cash. In addition, if a takeover constitutes a make-whole fundamental change, then we may be required to temporarily increase the conversion rate. In either case, and in other cases, our obligations under the Convertible Notes and the Convertible Note Indenture could increase the cost of acquiring us or otherwise discourage a third party from acquiring us or removing incumbent management, including in a transaction that noteholders or holders of our common stock may view as favorable. 
 The accounting method for the Convertible Notes could adversely affect our reported financial condition and results. The accounting method for reflecting the Convertible Notes on our balance sheet, accruing interest expense for the Convertible Notes and reflecting the underlying shares of our common stock in our reported diluted earnings per share may adversely affect our reported earnings and financial condition. In accordance with ASU 2020-06, we expect that the Convertible Notes will be reflected as a liability on our balance sheets, with the initial carrying amount equal to the principal amount of the Convertible Notes, net of issuance costs. The issuance costs will be treated as a debt discount for accounting purposes, which will be amortized into interest expense over the term of the Convertible Notes. As a result of this amortization, the interest expense that we expect to recognize for the Convertible Notes for accounting purposes will be greater than the cash interest payments we will pay on the Convertible Notes, which will result in lower reported income. In addition, we expect that the shares underlying the Convertible Notes will be reflected in our diluted earnings per share using the if converted method, in accordance with ASU 2020-06. Under that method, if the conversion value of the Convertible Notes exceeds their principal amount for a reporting period, then we will calculate our diluted earnings per share assuming that all of the Convertible Notes were converted at the beginning of the reporting period and that we issued shares of our common stock to settle the excess. However, if reflecting the Convertible Notes in diluted earnings per share in this manner is anti-dilutive, or if the conversion value of the Convertible Notes does not exceed their principal amount for a reporting period, then the shares underlying the Convertible Notes will not be reflected in our diluted earnings per share. The application of the if-converted method may reduce our reported diluted earnings per share, and accounting standards may change in the future in a manner that may adversely affect our diluted earnings per share. Furthermore, if any of the conditions to the convertibility of the Convertible Notes is satisfied, then we may be required under applicable accounting standards to reclassify the liability carrying value of the Convertible Notes as a current, rather than a long-term, liability. This reclassification could be required even if no noteholders convert their Convertible Notes and could materially reduce our reported working capital. 
 Uncertainty in global economic and political conditions may negatively impact our business, operating results or financial condition . Global economic and political uncertainty have caused in the past, and may cause in the future, unfavorable business conditions such as a general tightening in the credit markets, lower levels of liquidity, increases in the rates of default and bankruptcy and extreme volatility in credit, equity and fixed income markets. These macroeconomic conditions could negatively affect our business, operating results or financial condition in a number of ways. Instability can make it difficult for our clients, our vendors, and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities and could cause constrained spending on our products and services, delays and a lengthening of our sales cycles and/or difficulty in collection of our accounts receivable. Current or potential clients may be unable to fund software purchases, which could cause them to 
 25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 delay, decrease or cancel purchases of our products and services or to not pay us or to delay paying us for previously purchased products and services. Our clients may cease business operations or conduct business on a greatly reduced basis. Bankruptcies or similar insolvency events affecting our clients may cause us to incur bad debt expense at levels higher than historically anticipated. Further, economic instability could limit our ability to access the capital markets at a time when we would like, or need, to raise capital, which could have an impact on our ability to react to changing business conditions or new opportunities. Finally, our investment portfolio is generally subject to general credit, liquidity, counterparty, market and interest rate risks that may be exacerbated by these and global financial conditions and other geopolitical factors, including as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine and continuing uncertainty surrounding the effects of Covid-19. If the banking system or the fixed income, credit or equity markets deteriorate or remain volatile, our investment portfolio may be impacted and the values and liquidity of our investments could be adversely affected as well. In addition, our compliance with complex foreign and United States laws and regulations that apply to our global operations and sales efforts increases our cost of doing business. 
 Tax, Finance and Accounting Related Risks 
 We are subject to changes in and interpretations of financial accounting matters that govern the measurement of our performance, one or more of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, revenue, results of operations, and debt covenant compliance . Based on our reading and interpretations of relevant guidance, principles or concepts issued by, among other authorities, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the Commission, we believe our current business arrangements, transactions, and related estimates and disclosures have been properly reported. However, there continue to be issued interpretations and guidance for applying the relevant standards to a wide range of sales and licensing contract terms and business arrangements that are prevalent in the software industry. Future interpretations or changes by the regulators of existing accounting standards or changes in our business practices could result in changes in our revenue recognition and/or other accounting policies and practices that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, revenue and results of operations. In addition, changes in accounting rules could alter the application of certain terms in our credit agreement, thereby impacting our ability to comply with our debt covenants. 
 Failure to maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 could have an adverse effect on our business, and our per share price may be adversely affected. Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 and the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC to implement Section 404, we are required to include in our Form 10-K a report by our management regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The report includes, among other things, an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The assessment must include disclosure of any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting identified by management. As part of the evaluation undertaken by management and our independent registered public accountants pursuant to Section 404, our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of our most recent fiscal year end. However, if we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls or internal controls over financial reporting, we may discover material weaknesses that we would then be required to disclose. Any material weaknesses identified in our internal controls could have an adverse effect on our business. We may not be able to accurately or timely report on our financial results, and we might be subject to investigation by regulatory authorities. This could result in a loss of investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which may have an adverse effect on our stock price. No evaluation process can provide complete assurance that our internal controls will detect and correct all failures within our company to disclose material information otherwise required to be reported. The effectiveness of our controls and procedures could also be limited by simple errors or faulty judgments. In addition, if we continue to expand, through either organic growth or through acquisitions (or both), the challenges involved in implementing appropriate controls will increase and may require that we evolve some or all of our internal control processes. It is also possible that the overall scope of Section 404 may be revised in the future, thereby causing ourselves to review, revise or reevaluate our internal control processes which may result in the expenditure of additional human and financial resources. 
 Our software products are generally shipped as orders are received and accordingly, we have historically operated with a minimal backlog of license fees. As a result, a portion of our revenue in any quarter is dependent on orders booked and shipped in that quarter and is not predictable with any degree of certainty. Furthermore, our systems can be relatively large and expensive, and individual systems sales can represent a significant portion of our revenue and profits for a quarter such that the loss or deferral of even one such sale can adversely affect our quarterly revenue and profitability. Clients often defer systems purchases until our quarter end, so quarterly revenue from system sales generally cannot be predicted and frequently are not known until after the quarter has concluded. Our sales are dependent upon clients initial decisions to replace or substantially modify their existing information systems, and subsequently, their decision concerning which products and services to purchase. These are major decisions for healthcare providers and, accordingly, the sales cycle for our systems can vary significantly and typically ranges from six to twenty-four months from initial contact to contract execution/shipment. Because a significant percentage of our expenses are relatively fixed, a variation in the timing of systems sales, implementations and installations can cause significant variations in operating results from quarter to quarter. As a result, we believe that interim period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as indications of future performance. Further, our historical operating results are not necessarily indicative of future performance for any particular period. We currently recognize revenue in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance as defined by the FASB. There can be no assurance that application and subsequent interpretations of these pronouncements will not further modify our revenue recognition policies, or that such modifications would not adversely affect our operating results reported in any particular quarter or year. Due to all of the foregoing factors, it is possible that our operating results may 
 26 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors. In such event, the price of our common stock would likely be adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to our Common Stock 
 The unpredictability of our quarterly operating results may cause the price of our common stock to fluctuate or decline. Our revenue may fluctuate in the future from quarter to quarter and period to period, as a result of a number of factors including, without limitation: 
 the size and timing of orders from clients; 

the specific mix of software, hardware and services in client orders; 

the length of sales cycles and installation processes; 

the ability of our clients to obtain financing for the purchase of our products; 

changes in pricing policies or price reductions by us or our competitors; 

the timing of new product announcements and product introductions by us or our competitors; 

changes in revenue recognition or other accounting guidelines employed by us and/or established by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB or other rule-making bodies; 

changes in government healthcare policies and regulations, such as the shift from fee-for-service reimbursement to value-based reimbursement; 

accounting policies concerning the timing of the recognition of revenue; 

the availability and cost of system components; 

the financial stability of clients; 

market acceptance of new products, applications and product enhancements; 

our ability to develop, introduce and market new products, applications and product enhancements; 

our success in expanding our sales and marketing programs; 

deferrals of client orders in anticipation of new products, applications, product enhancements, or public/private sector initiatives; 

execution of or changes to our strategy; 

personnel changes; and 

general market/economic factors. 

Our common stock price has been volatile, which could result in substantial losses for investors purchasing shares of our common stock and in litigation against us. Volatility may be caused by several factors including but not limited to: 
 actual or anticipated quarterly variations in operating results; 

rumors about our performance, software solutions, or merger and acquisition activity; 

changes in expectations of future financial performance or changes in estimates of securities analysts; 

governmental regulatory action; 

health care reform measures; 

client relationship developments; 

purchases or sales of company stock; 

activities by one or more of our major shareholders concerning our policies and operations; 

changes occurring in the markets in general; 

macroeconomic conditions, both nationally and internationally; and 

other factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

Furthermore, the stock market in general, and the market for software, healthcare and high technology companies in particular, has experienced extreme volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock, regardless of actual operating performance. Moreover, in the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought 
 27 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. We may in the future be the target of similar litigation. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources. 
 Risks Related to COVID-19 
 The widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease, or any other public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and the governmental and societal responses thereto, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial position. Widespread outbreaks of disease or other public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and responses thereto have in the past and may in the future adversely affect our business and the business of our customers and suppliers. For example, declines in patient volumes at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted our revenue in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, most notably for purchases of software and hardware, and the impact of the disruption also impacted the first half of fiscal 2021, primarily in managed services and EDI, which are volume driven. We may experience further negative financial impacts due to a number of factors, including without limitation: 
 Social, economic, and labor instability in India which continues to experience a severe COVID-19 resurgence and where we have operations; 

A general decline in business activity including the impact of our clients office closures; 

A disproportionate impact on the healthcare groups and other healthcare professionals with whom we contract; 

Financial pressures on our clients, which may in turn result in their deferment of purchase decisions, or a delay in collections or non-payment; 

Extensions of the length of sales and implementation cycles; 

Disruptions to our supply chains and our third-party vendors, partners, and suppliers; and 

The potential negative impact on the health or productivity of employees, especially if a significant number of them are impacted. 

The magnitude and duration of the disruption and resulting decline in business activity will largely depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the duration and severity of the pandemic, resurgences or additional waves of outbreaks of the virus (including new strains or mutations of the virus), the impact of the pandemic on economic activity, the actions taken by health authorities and policy makers to contain its impacts on public health and the global economy, and the effectiveness of vaccines. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided, we may experience material adverse impacts to our business because of the global or U.S. economic impact and any recession that has occurred or may occur in the future. Additionally, concerns over the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic have caused extreme volatility in financial and capital markets which has and may continue to adversely impact our stock price and may adversely impact our ability to access capital markets. The COVID-19 pandemic may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described above. 
 
 28 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We are a remote-first company whereby most of our employees either work remotely or have the option to work remotely. Accordingly, we do not maintain a corporate headquarters. We maintain certain physical offices for purposes of collaboration, as needed, and for certain administrative and back-office processing. 
 We believe that our existing facilities are in good condition and adequate for our current business requirements. Should we continue to grow or change our remote-first strategy, we may be required to lease or acquire additional space. We believe that suitable additional space is available, if needed, at commercially reasonable market rates and terms. 
 As of March 31, 2023, we leased an aggregate of approximately 189,058 square feet of space with lease agreements expiring at various dates, of which approximately 16,100 square feet of space are utilized for continuing operations and 172,958 square feet of space are being subleased or have been vacated as part of our reorganization efforts, as described further in Note 7, Leases of our notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report: 

Square Feet 

Primary Operating Locations 

Irvine, California 

8,000 

Chapel Hill, North Carolina 

4,500 

Hunt Valley, Maryland 

2,000 

Boulder, Colorado 

1,600 

Total Primary Operating Locations 

16,100 

Vacated or Subleased Locations, or Portions Thereof 

Atlanta, Georgia 

35,500 

Hunt Valley, Maryland 

32,000 

St. Louis, Missouri 

29,600 

Cary, North Carolina 

19,400 

Irvine, California 

15,958 

Fairport, New York 

15,300 

Chapel Hill, North Carolina 

14,700 

Brentwood, Tennessee 

10,500 

Total Vacated or Subleased Locations 

172,958 

Total Leased Properties 

189,058 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The information required by Item 3 is incorporated herein by reference from Note 17, Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies of our notes to consolidated financial statements in this Report. 
 ITEM 4. MINE AND SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 29 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STO CKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Price and Holders 
 Our common stock is traded under the symbol NXGN on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. At May 12, 2023, there were approximately 601 holders of record of our common stock. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following is a summary of our repurchases for the three months ended March 31, 2023 (in thousands, except shares and per share data): 

Month 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs (1) 

Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program 

January 1 - 31 

74,303 

February 1 -28 

74,303 

March 1 - 31 

74,303 

Total 

(1) In October 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program under which we may repurchase up to an additional 100.0 million of outstanding shares of our common stock through March 2025. All share repurchases, if any, were made under these publicly announced programs. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The information included under Item 12 of this Report, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters, is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 30 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total returns of our common stock, the NASDAQ Composite Index and the NASDAQ Computer Data Processing Services Stock Index over the five-year period ended March 31, 2023 assuming 100 was invested on March 31, 2018 with all dividends, if any, reinvested. The returns shown are based on historical results and are not intended to be indicative of future stock prices or future performance. This performance graph shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or the Exchange Act. 
 COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Among NextGen Healthcare, Inc., The NASDAQ Composite Index 
 And The NASDAQ Computer Data Processing Index 

100 invested on March 31, 2018 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ended March 31. 
 ITEM 6. R ESERVED 
 31 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Except for the historical information contained herein, the matters discussed in this management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations MD A ), including discussions of our trend analyses, product development plans, business and growth strategies, future operations, financial condition and prospects, share repurchases, developments in and the impacts of government regulation and legislation, and market factors influencing our results, may include forward-looking statements that involve certain risks and uncertainties, all of which are based on current expectations, estimates, and forecasts, and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. Actual results may differ from those anticipated by us as a result of various factors, both foreseen and unforeseen, including, but not limited to, our ability to continue to develop and sell new products and services in markets characterized by rapid technological evolution, consolidation and competition from larger, better-capitalized competitors, our ability to finalize a settlement with the DOJ, cybersecurity and data protection risk and related liabilities, current or potential legal proceedings involving us, shits in our revenue mix that may impact gross margins, and the effect of developments in and the impacts of government regulation and legislation. Many other economic, competitive, governmental and technological factors could affect our ability to achieve our goals, and interested persons are urged to review the risk factors discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors as set forth herein, as well as in our other public disclosures and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 This MD A is provided as a supplement to the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Report in order to enhance your understanding of our results of operations and financial condition and should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, Item 1A Risk factors and the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Report. Historical results of operations, percentage margin fluctuations and any trends that may be inferred from the discussion below are not necessarily indicative of the operating results for any future period. For information regarding the year ended March 31, 2021, including a year-to-year comparison of our financial condition and results of operations for the years ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, refer to Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on May 18, 2022. 
 Company Overview 
 NextGen Healthcare is a leading provider of innovative, cloud-based, healthcare technology solutions that empower ambulatory healthcare providers to manage the risk and complexity of delivering care in the United States healthcare system. Our combination of technological breadth, depth, and domain expertise positions us as a preferred solution provider and trusted advisor for our clients. In addition to highly configurable core clinical and financial capabilities, our portfolio includes tightly integrated solutions that deliver on ambulatory healthcare imperatives, including consumerism, digitization, risk allocation, regulatory influence, and integrated care and health equity. 
 We serve clients across all 50 states. Over 100,000 providers use NextGen Healthcare solutions to deliver care in nearly every medical specialty in a wide variety of practice models including accountable care organizations ACOs ), independent physician associations IPAs ), managed service organizations MSOs ), veterans service organizations VSOs ), and dental service organizations DSOs ). Our clients range from some of the largest and most progressive multi-specialty groups in the country to sole practitioners with a wide variety of business models. With the addition of behavioral health to our medical and oral health capabilities, we continue to extend our share not only in federally qualified health centers FQHCs but also in the growing integrated care market. 
 Our company was incorporated in California in 1974. Previously named Quality Systems, Inc., we changed our corporate name to NextGen Healthcare, Inc. in September 2018, and in 2021, we changed our state of incorporation to Delaware. As a remote-first company, we no longer maintain a principal executive office. Our principal website is www.nextgen.com. We operate on a fiscal year ending on March 31. 
 Our Vision, Mission and Strategy 
 NextGen Healthcare s vision is better healthcare outcomes for all. We strive to achieve this vision by delivering innovative solutions and insights aimed at creating healthier communities. We focus on improving care delivered in ambulatory settings but do so recognizing that the entire healthcare ecosystem needs to work in concert to achieve the quadruple aim to improved patient experience, improved provider experience, improve the health of a population, and reduce per capita health care costs. 
 Our long-term strategy is to position NextGen Healthcare as both the essential, integrated, delivery platform and the most trusted advisor for the ambulatory practices of the future. To that end, we primarily serve organizations that provide or orchestrate care in ambulatory settings and do so across diverse practice sizes, specialties, care modalities, and business models. These customers include conventional practices as well as new market entrants. 
 We plan to invest in our current capabilities as well as build and/or acquire new capabilities. In October 2019, we acquired Topaz Information Systems, LLC for its behavioral health solutions. In December 2019, we acquired Medfusion, Inc. for its Patient Experience Platform capabilities (i.e., patient portal, self-scheduling, and patient pay) and OTTO Health, LLC for its virtual care solutions, notably telemedicine. In August 2022, we divested our commercial dental assets, further emphasizing 
 32 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the company s focus on serving ambulatory care In November 2022, we acquired TSI Healthcare, LLC TSI for its purpose-built clinical content and differentiated service offerings, which expands the addressable market served by our Enterprise domain, including new specialties, such as rheumatology, pulmonology, and cardiology. The integration of these acquired technologies has made NextGen Healthcare s solutions among the most comprehensive in the market. Further, we are also actively innovating our business models and exploring new high-growth market domains. 
 Market Opportunity, and Trends 
 The scale and scope of the healthcare industry continues to expand. Annual United States healthcare spend today represents nearly 4.1 trillion and ~20 of GDP. A significant portion of this spend is directed towards the treatment of chronic conditions and administrative solutions that service an increasingly complex system with diverse stakeholders. While there are several convergent market forces reshaping the healthcare industry landscape, we are focused on six trends we believe will materially impact the markets we participate in and our customer value proposition: 
 1. Regulatory Drivers Medicare and Medicaid continue to expand and represent approximately a third of covered lives. Further, the 21st Century Cures Act Cures Act certification requirements and impending changes by Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS to Medicare reimbursement and shared savings programs parameters (i.e., MIPS, MSSP and telehealth programs) represent continued and escalating regulatory requirements in the healthcare industry broadly and the shape of primary healthcare. Considering these regulatory and market-based changes, many ambulatory practices have come to place a very high value on partnering with vendors that demonstrate the expertise and consistency to stay ahead of these regulatory and industry changes. 

2. Risk Reallocation As healthcare shifts away from defined benefit models towards defined contribution, employers, payors, providers, and consumers are increasingly evaluating models to share and reallocate risk. In 2020, nearly 40 of all healthcare payments representing over 75 of all covered lives flowed through an alternative payment model. While Medicare Advantage related payments led the charge with over 55 of payments tied to alternative models, a plurality of commercial payors are also leveraging value-based provider arrangements to incent care quality standards and reduce health disparities. For providers, effective participation in these models requires a full view of the patient population s clinical and cost data and robust financial management solutions and services to navigate multiple contract types. 

3. Consumerism Consumers increasingly direct their own healthcare and require greater levels of access, convenience, and experience personalization. Beyond tailoring healthcare interactions to their needs and preferences, they also expect greater transparency about the costs for visits, medications, and procedures. Accompanied by a significant shift of care from inpatient to lower cost outpatient settings and virtual modes, healthcare is poised to become increasingly retail-like and will place unique demands on practices and care providers who need comprehensive engagement platforms to attract, retain and engage patients through their complete health journey 

4. New Modalities and Coordinated Team Based Care Untethered from physical clinics and desktops, care is now being delivered in boundless venues by multiple, coordinated care providers. 

5. Meaningful Interoperability Digitization Greater levels of data exchange, automation, Artificial Intelligence (AI) and speech enabled workflows. 

6. Integrated Care and Health Equity Integrated, whole-person health continues to trend strongly as evidenced by FQHCs/CHCs receiving Health Resources and Services Administration HRSA funding to drive integrated medical, behavioral, and oral health. Public sector and private investment in understanding and addressing social determinants of health and improving community health are growing. 

NextGen Healthcare is well positioned to play a key role in guiding our clients through short-term and long-term changes that impact healthcare in the United States and is committed to helping them deliver better outcomes. 
 Our Value Proposition 
 NextGen Healthcare s value proposition to our clients can be summarized by the four I s as follows: 
 Integration Delivering a broad and highly integrated set of solutions and end-user experiences. NextGen Healthcare, a top ranked platform solution provider, is driving greater levels of efficiency and engagement for practices. Our clients value the full breadth of our solution offering and seamless integration into their clinical workflows. This integration is an important determinant of our success. 

Interoperability Building seamlessly connected data and human networks across ambulatory healthcare. NextGen Healthcare s Interoperability solutions help create a frictionless environment where those that need important healthcare data can rapidly find and utilize it. For example, NextGen Healthcare powers over a third of all United States state-based Health Information Exchanges HIE s ), with over 170 million patient records passing over our network of almost 2.8 million directory addresses. 

33 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Insights Providing intelligence at the point of care to enable better health and financial decision-making. We are helping our clients move from being data rich to insight rich. By providing intelligence, through innovative solutions that take data out of electronic health records EHRs ), normalize, cleanse, and present it back as usable data pipelines, NextGen Healthcare can help optimize prescription guidance, care gap reviews, billing quality, practice variance, etc. and insert it directly into clinician s workflows in order to facilitate sound clinical and financial decisions when serving patients. 

Impact Delivering and shaping outcomes in all aspects of our solutions and service. NextGen Healthcare is pivoting towards becoming a true performance partner for our clients and is evidenced by proactively helping manage performance and outcomes for our clients. 

NextGen Healthcare delivers value to our clients in several ways. Our solutions enable our clients to address current needs while preparing for the needs of the future including expanding access to health services, enhancing the coordination and management of care, and optimizing patient outcomes while also ensuring the sustainability of their practices. Specifically, we offer a range of solutions to allow clinicians to practice anywhere and work in new and innovative collaboration models. 
 NextGen Healthcare provides integrated cloud-based solutions and services that align with our client s strategic imperatives. Ultimately, this value is reflected in the overall insights and impact delivered to the client. The foundation for our integrated ambulatory care platform is a core of our industry-leading EHR and practice management PM systems that support clinical, financial and patient engagement activities. 
 We optimize the core with an automation and workflow layer that gives our clients control over how platform capabilities are implemented to drive their desired outcomes. The workflow layer includes mobile and voice-enabled capabilities proven to reduce physician burden. Recognizing that engaged patients are key to positive outcomes, our patient experience platform enables our clients to create personalized care experiences that enhance trust and drive patient loyalty. Further, we support the advances in integrated care that focus on the whole person with solutions supporting behavioral and oral health. Our cloud-based population health and analytics engine allows our clients to improve results in both fee-for-service and fee-for-value environments. 
 In support of extensibility, we surround the core with open, web-based application programming interfaces APIs to drive the secure exchange of health and patient data with connected health solutions. Our commitment to interoperability, defragmenting care and our experience powering many of the nation s HIE s places us in a unique position to enable our clients to leverage this technology to lower the cost of care and improve the patient and provider experience by providing an integrated community patient record. 
 Finally, to ensure our clients get maximum value from our solutions, we have augmented our technology with key services aligned with their needs, helping to ensure they reach their organizational goals. We partner with our clients to optimize their information technology IT operations, enhance revenue cycle processes across fee-for-service and fee-for-value models, service line expansion and operations, as well as advise on long-term strategy. 
 Positioning NextGen Healthcare for Growth. As NextGen Healthcare applies this value proposition framework across the ambulatory care market, we incorporate some or all our current solution offerings within three broad domains illustrated in Figure 1 below: 
 Enterprise The Enterprise domain is both the largest and encompasses our broadest portfolio of solutions (e.g., clinical, financial, and patient engagement solution portfolios) provided to ambulatory care practices that incorporate 10 or more healthcare providers. 

Office The Office domain reflects almost all solutions (software solutions and adjacent services) provided to an ambulatory care practice that incorporates fewer than 10 healthcare providers. Our main offering in this group is a cloud-based, multi-tenant SaaS EHR and PM solution, called NextGen Office. 

Insights The Insights domain incorporates solutions that address interoperability, data and analytics, and value-based care. Previously described as population health and connected health, the Insights solutions portfolio is offered to clients across both our Enterprise and Office domains as well as additional ambulatory healthcare stakeholders addressing connectivity or value-based care needs. NextGen is highlighting this domain as a reflection of its overall importance and high future growth potential. 

34 
 
 Table of Contents 

Figure 1: NextGen Healthcare Solutions Domains 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth the percentage of revenue represented by each item in our consolidated statements of net income and comprehensive income for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 (certain percentages below may not sum due to rounding): 

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

Revenues: 

Recurring 

90.9 

90.5 

Software, hardware, and other non-recurring 

9.1 

9.5 

Total revenues 

100.0 

100.0 

Cost of revenue: 

Recurring 

41.2 

39.0 

Software, hardware, and other non-recurring 

6.9 

5.2 

Amortization of capitalized software costs and acquired intangible assets 

4.3 

5.3 

Total cost of revenue 

52.4 

49.5 

Gross profit 

47.6 

50.5 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

34.2 

35.2 

Research and development costs, net 

12.6 

12.9 

Amortization of acquired intangible assets 

0.6 

0.6 

Impairment of assets 

0.5 

0.7 

Restructuring costs 

0.4 

0.1 

Total operating expenses 

48.2 

49.3 

Income from operations 

(0.6) 

1.1 

Interest income 

0.5 

0.0 

Interest expense 

(1.0) 

(0.3) 

Other income (expense), net 

1.7 

0.0 

Income before provision for income taxes 

0.7 

0.9 

Provision for income taxes 

1.1 

0.6 

Net income (loss) 

(0.4) 

0.3 

35 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Revenues 
 The following table presents our consolidated revenues for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands): 

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

Recurring revenues: 

Subscription services 

184,047 

162,636 

Support and maintenance 

153,520 

155,623 

Managed services 

129,115 

111,377 

Transactional and data services 

127,236 

110,077 

Total recurring revenues 

593,918 

539,713 

Software, hardware, and other non-recurring revenues: 

Software license and hardware 

27,860 

31,347 

Other non-recurring services 

31,394 

25,290 

Total software, hardware and other non-recurring revenues 

59,254 

56,637 

Total revenues 

653,172 

596,350 

Recurring revenues as a percentage of total revenues 

90.9 

90.5 

We generate revenue from sales of licensing rights and subscriptions to our software solutions, hardware and third-party software products, support and maintenance, managed services, transactional and data services, and other non-recurring services, including implementation, training, and consulting services performed for clients who use our products. 
 Consolidated revenue for the year ended March 31, 2023 increased 56.8 million compared to the prior year, comprised of a 54.2 million increase in recurring revenues and a 2.6 million increase in software, hardware and other non-recurring revenues. The increase in recurring revenues was driven by 21.4 million higher subscription services, 17.7 million higher managed services revenue, and a 17.2 million increase in transactional and data services, partially offset by a 2.1 million decrease in support and maintenance. The increase in subscription services reflect the incremental revenues associated with the acquisition of TSI and higher subscriptions of our NextGen Office and Insights solutions, including interoperability, virtual visits, mobile, financial analytics, and NextGen Enterprise solutions, due to higher recent bookings. The increase in managed services revenue was primarily due to increases in revenue cycle management RCM services and hosting services associated with higher recent bookings. The increase in transactional and data services revenue was primarily driven by higher bookings and transaction volumes associated with our patient pay solutions, partially offset by a decrease in electronic data interchange EDI and data services revenue due to lower transaction volume. Support and maintenance decreased primarily due to net client attrition, our continued shift to subscription-based solutions, the negative impact to revenues associated with the acquisition of TSI, which was one of our value-added resellers, and the disposition of our Commercial Dental assets, as described in Note 8, Business Combinations and Disposals of our notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. The increase in software, hardware, and other non-recurring revenues was primarily due to higher professional services revenue from more hours incurred and projects completed in the current year period, partially offset by a decrease in software license revenue due to lower software bookings. 
 Bookings reflect the estimated annual value of our executed contracts, adjusted to include the effect of pre-acquisition bookings if applicable, and are believed to provide a broad indicator of the general direction and progress of the business. Total bookings were 166.5 million for the year ended March 31, 2023 compared to 152.5 million in the prior year, primarily reflecting higher bookings of patient pay services, NextGen Enterprise subscriptions, and EDI, partially offset by lower bookings of software and maintenance. 
 We continue to see overall practice volumes at healthy, pre-pandemic levels. This reflects in our volume- and transaction-based solutions, as noted above, and reflects an ongoing industry trend of procedure volumes migrating out of higher cost settings, like hospitals, favoring lower cost care settings and independent healthcare providers. We also continue to see healthy activity levels in our current pipeline. Sales development activities, such as lead generation and demos, indicate a positive demand environment. We have not been significantly impacted by the current economic concerns and general market conditions, and we continue to constructively engage prospects and our clients to find ways to achieve better outcomes for all. 
 36 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit 
 The following table presents our consolidated cost of revenue and gross profit for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands): 

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

Cost of revenue: 

Recurring 

269,191 

232,481 

Software, hardware, and other non-recurring 

44,881 

31,034 

Amortization of capitalized software costs and acquired intangible assets 

27,941 

31,889 

Total cost of revenue 

342,013 

295,404 

Gross profit 

311,159 

300,946 

Gross margin 

47.6 

50.5 

Cost of revenue consists primarily of compensation expense, including share-based compensation, for personnel that deliver our products and services. Cost of revenue also includes amortization of capitalized software costs and acquired technology, third party consultant and outsourcing costs, costs associated with our EDI business partners and clearinghouses, patient pay processing and support costs, hosting service costs, third party software costs and royalties, and other costs directly associated with delivering our products and services. Refer to Note 10, Intangible Assets and Note 11, Capitalized Software Costs of our notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for additional information on current period amortization of capitalized software costs and acquired technology and an estimate of future expected amortization. 
 Share-based compensation expense included in cost of revenue was 3.1 million and 2.2 million for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Gross profit for the year ended March 31, 2023 increased 10.2 million compared to the prior year while our gross margin percentage decreased to 47.6 for the year ended March 31, 2023 compared to 50.5 in the prior year period. 
 The increase in cost of revenue for the year ended March 31, 2023 compared to the prior year period was primarily due to higher transactional and data costs directly associated with higher recent revenues and bookings of our patient pay services. Recurring cost of revenue, including costs of subscription services and managed services, also increased driven by higher hosting costs, third party costs, and higher salaries and benefits from increased employee headcount related to delivering our software solutions and services, directly associated with higher revenues and bookings. Software, hardware, and other non-recurring services revenue costs increased compared to the prior periods primarily due to higher salaries and benefits from increased employee headcount and an increase in consulting costs associated with the delivery of our professional services as we accelerate Spring 21 migration. These increases in cost of revenue were partially offset by lower amortization of capitalized software costs and acquired intangible assets. 
 Our gross margin for the year ended March 31, 2023 compared to the prior year period decreased primarily due to increased investments in professional services as we accelerate Spring 21 migration and a shift in product mix to lower margin transactional and data services, including patient pay services, and managed services, as noted above. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expense 
 The following table presents our consolidated selling, general and administrative expense for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands): 

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

Selling, general and administrative 

223,424 

209,661 

Selling, general and administrative, as a percentage of revenue 

34.2 

35.2 

Selling, general and administrative expense consists of compensation expense, including share-based compensation, for management and administrative personnel, selling and marketing expense, facilities costs, depreciation, professional service fees, including legal and accounting services, legal settlements, acquisition and transaction-related costs, and other general corporate and administrative expenses. 
 Share-based compensation expense included in selling, general and administrative expenses was 26.1 million and 19.9 million for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase in share-based compensation expense is due to increased utilization of share-based awards to incentivize our executives and employees. Refer to Note 16, Stockholders Equity of our notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for additional information on our share-based awards and related incentive plans. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 13.8 million for the year ended March 31, 2023 compared to the prior year period is primarily due to 35.2 million of estimated legal settlement and related costs associated with the DOJ investigation regulatory matter (refer to Note 17, Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies of our notes to consolidated 
 37 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for additional information), increased share-based compensation expense, as noted above, higher travel, conferences, and conventions costs, and incremental acquisition costs associated with the acquisition of TSI in November 2022. These increases were partially offset by higher legal and related costs for our shareholder litigation matter incurred in the prior year period, including an 11.4 million payment related to the indemnification of certain expenses related to the Hussein matter, approximately 9.3 million of incremental proxy contest expenses associated with our prior year annual shareholders meeting, and lower facilities and infrastructure costs as we transition to a remote-first company. 
 Research and Development Costs, net 
 The following table presents our consolidated net research and development costs, capitalized software costs, and gross expenditures prior to capitalization, for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands): 

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

Gross expenditures 

117,287 

102,157 

Capitalized software costs 

(34,987) 

(25,500) 

Research and development costs, net 

82,300 

76,657 

Research and development costs, as a percentage of revenue 

12.6 

12.9 

Capitalized software costs as a percentage of gross expenditures 

29.8 

25.0 

Gross research and development expenditures, including costs expensed and costs capitalized, consist of compensation expense, including share-based compensation for research and development personnel, certain third-party consultant fees, software maintenance costs, and other costs related to new product development and enhancement to our existing products. 
 The healthcare information systems and services industry is characterized by rapid technological change, requiring us to engage in continuing investments in our research and development to update, enhance and improve our systems. This includes expansion of our software and service offerings that support pay-for-performance initiatives around accountable care organizations, bringing greater ease of use and intuitiveness to our software products, enhancing our managed cloud and hosting services to lower our clients' total cost of ownership, expanding our interoperability and enterprise analytics capabilities, and furthering development and enhancements of our portfolio of specialty-focused templates within our electronic health records software. 
 The capitalization of software development costs results in a reduction to our reported net research and development costs. Our software capitalization rate, or capitalized software costs as a percentage of gross expenditures, has varied historically and may continue to vary based on the nature and status of specific projects and initiatives in progress. Although changes in software capitalization rates have no impact on our overall cash flows, it results in fluctuations in the amount of software development costs that may be capitalized or expensed up front and the amount of net research and development costs reported in our consolidated statements of net income and comprehensive income, and ultimately also affects the future amortization of our previously capitalized software development costs. Refer to Note 11, Capitalized Software Costs of our notes to financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for additional information on current period amortization of capitalized software costs and an estimate of future expected amortization. 
 Share-based compensation expense included in research and development costs was 4.2 million and 4.5 million for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Net research and development costs for the year ended March 31, 2023 increased 5.6 million compared to the prior year due to 15.1 million increase in our gross expenditures net of 9.5 million higher capitalization of software costs. Our software capitalization rate fluctuates due to differences in the nature and status of our projects and initiatives during a given year, which affects the amount of development costs that may be capitalized. The increase in gross expenditures was primarily driven by an increase in consulting costs and higher personnel costs from increased headcount associated with the timing and status of research and development projects. Our software capitalization rate fluctuates due to differences in the nature and status of our projects and initiatives during a given year, which affects the amount of development costs that may be capitalized. 
 Amortization of Acquired Intangible Assets 
 The following table presents our amortization of acquired intangible assets for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands): 

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

Amortization of acquired intangible assets 

3,665 

3,525 

38 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Amortization of acquired intangible assets included in operating expense consists of the amortization related to our customer relationships, re-acquired rights and trade names intangible assets acquired as part of our business combinations. Refer to Note 10, Intangible Assets of our notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for an estimate of future expected amortization. 
 Amortization of acquired intangible assets for the year ended March 31, 2023 increased 0.1 million, compared to the prior year period due to the amortization of customer relationships and re-acquired rights assets associated with our acquisition of TSI in November 2022 (refer to Note 8, Business Combinations and Disposals of our notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for additional information). This increase was partially offset by the declining amortization of the customer relationships intangible assets associated with Medfusion and HealthFusion, which are amortized under an accelerated method of amortization. 
 Restructuring Costs and Impairment of Assets 
 During the year ended March 31, 2023, we implemented a business restructuring plan as part of our continued efforts to preserve and grow the value of the Company through client-focused innovations while reducing our cost structure. We recorded restructuring costs of 2.5 million, consisting of payroll-related costs, such as severance, outplacement costs, and continuing healthcare coverage, associated with the involuntary separation of employees pursuant to a one-time benefit arrangement, within operating expenses in our consolidated statements of net income and comprehensive income. As of March 31, 2023, the remaining restructuring liability associated with payroll-related costs was 2.0 million. 
 During the year ended March 31, 2022, we recorded 0.5 million of restructuring costs, consisting of payroll-related costs, such as severance, outplacement costs, and continuing healthcare coverage, associated with the involuntary separation of employees pursuant to a one-time benefit arrangement, within operating expenses in our consolidated statements of net income and comprehensive income. 
 During the year ended March 31, 2023, we vacated portions of certain leased locations and recorded impairments of 3.2 million to our right-of-use assets and certain related fixed assets associated with the vacated locations, or portions thereof, in St. Louis, Atlanta, Horsham, Hunt Valley, Chapel Hill, Irvine and Bangalore based on projected sublease rental income and estimated sublease commencement dates and the remeasurement of our operating lease liabilities associated with the modification and early termination of certain leases. 
 During the year ended March 31, 2022, we vacated portions of certain leased locations and recorded impairments of 3.9 million to our right-of-use assets and certain related fixed assets associated with the vacated locations, or portions thereof, in Irvine, Horsham, Atlanta, Fairport, Hunt Valley, Bangalore, and St. Louis based on projected sublease rental income and estimated sublease commencement dates. 
 The impairment analyses noted above were performed by operating right-of-use asset and the impairment charges were estimated by comparing the fair value of each operating right-of-use asset based on the expected cash flows to its respective book value. We determined the discount rate for each lease based on the approximate interest rate on a collateralized basis with similar remaining terms and payments as of the impairment date. Significant judgment was required to estimate the fair value of each operating right-of-use asset and actual results could vary from the estimates, resulting in potential future adjustments to amounts previously recorded. 
 Interest and Other Income and Expense 
 The following table presents our interest expense for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands): 

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

Interest income 

3,541 

101 

Interest expense 

(6,298) 

(1,499) 

Other income (expense), net 

10,927 

(64) 

Interest expense relates to our convertible senior notes and revolving credit agreement, as well as the related amortization of deferred debt issuance costs. The increase in interest expense for the year ended March 31, 2023 compared to the prior year period is primarily related to the 275.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 that we issued on November 1, 2022, as described in more detail in Note 12, Debt of our notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. Interest expense changes are also caused by fluctuations in outstanding balances under our revolving credit agreement and the related amortization of debt issuance costs. As of March 31, 2023, we had no outstanding balances under the revolving credit agreement. 
 Interest income is earned from funds in our money market and marketable securities accounts. The increase in interest income compared to the prior year period is primarily due to interest income on our marketable securities in the current period. 
 Other income (expense), net for the year ended March 31, 2023 primarily represents the 10.3 million gain from our disposition of our Commercial Dental assets (refer to Note 8, Business Combinations and Disposals of our notes to 
 39 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for additional information), net accretion income on our marketable securities, and fluctuations in the India foreign exchange rates. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The following table presents our provision for income taxes for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands): 

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

Provision for income taxes 

6,958 

3,578 

Effective tax rate 

161.7 

68.9 

The change in the effective tax rate for the year ended March 31, 2023 compared to the prior year was driven primarily by a net increase of the foreign and state impact, and higher nondeductible expenses for legal, executive and stock compensation, partially offset with an increase of the research and development credit and other adjustments to the deferred and valuation allowance and uncertain tax positions. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The following table presents selected financial statistics and information for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands): 

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

Cash and cash equivalents 

98,719 

59,829 

Marketable securities 

139,612 

Unused portion of revolving credit agreement (1) 

300,000 

300,000 

Total liquidity 

538,331 

359,829 

Net income (loss) 

(2,654) 

1,618 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

43,660 

53,545 

(1) We had no outstanding borrowings under our 300.0 million revolving credit agreement as of March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash generated from operations, driven mostly by our net income and working capital management, our cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and our debt arrangements. 
 We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand at March 31, 2023, together with our cash flows from operating activities and liquidity provided by our marketable securities and debt arrangements, will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure requirements for the next twelve months. We intend to expend some of our available funds for the development and/or acquisition of products complementary to our existing product line as well as new versions of certain of our products. These developments are intended to take advantage of more powerful technologies and to increase the integration of our products. Our investment policy is determined by our Board of Directors. Excess cash, if any, may be invested in very liquid short term assets including tax exempt and taxable money market funds, certificates of deposit and short-term municipal bonds with weighted-average maturities of 365 days or less at the time of purchase. Our Board of Directors continues to review alternate uses for our cash including an expansion of our investment policy and other items. Any or all of these programs could significantly impact our investment income in future periods. 
 For the period beyond the next twelve months, we believe that we will be able to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs from our existing cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash flows generated from our operating activities, and, if necessary, proceeds from our debt arrangements. Our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities consist of bank deposits, United States treasury securities, money market funds, corporate notes and bonds, agency securities, and commercial paper. Our assessments of the period of time through which our existing liquidity and capital resources will be adequate to support our ongoing operations and our expected sources of capital for the future operations of our business after such period of time are forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could vary as a result of, and our near- and long-term future capital requirements will depend on, many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support our infrastructure and research and development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the timing of new product development and enhancements, and other general market and economic factors. 
 We may, from time to time, enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services and technologies, including intellectual property rights, and such acquisitions and investments could increase our need for additional capital. We may be required to seek additional financing from time to time in the future. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 40 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands): 

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

Net income (loss) 

(2,654) 

1,618 

Non-cash expenses 

60,076 

81,890 

Cash from net income, as adjusted 

57,422 

83,508 

Change in contract assets and liabilities, net 

(809) 

2,807 

Change in accounts receivable 

(12,379) 

(431) 

Change in all other assets and liabilities 

(574) 

(32,339) 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

43,660 

53,545 

For the year ended March 31, 2023, cash provided by operating activities decreased 9.9 million compared to the prior year due to a 26.1 million decrease from lower net income, as adjusted for non-cash expenses, 11.9 million decrease from net changes in accounts receivable and 3.6 million decrease from net changes in contract balances, partially offset by a 31.8 million increase from net changes in other assets and liabilities. Non-cash expenses decreased 21.8 million primarily due to a 10.3 million gain from the disposition of our Commercial Dental assets reflected in the current year period, changes in our deferred income taxes, lower amortization of operating lease assets, and lower amortization of intangible assets, partially offset by higher share-based compensation expense. The decrease in cash from changes in accounts receivable is primarily related to growth in subscriptions and milestone invoicing from higher recent bookings, as well as incremental invoicing from our acquisition of TSI, partially offset by continued efforts to resolve aged balances and improve collections. The decrease in cash associated with net changes in contract assets and liabilities is primarily due to an increase in contract liabilities associated with our acquisition of TSI and higher subscriptions invoicing due to higher recent bookings, partially offset by lower contract assets from lower software bookings and RCM contract terminations in the current year period. The increase in cash from net changes in other assets and liabilities is primarily due to 34.0 million in accrued estimated legal settlement and related costs associated with the DOJ investigation regulatory matter in the current period and changes in our income tax assets and liabilities, including our uncertain tax positions tax liability, partially offset by a decrease in cash related to higher payments of prior year incentive bonuses paid in the current year period compared to the prior year due to a higher rate of bonus achievement for the prior fiscal year. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 was 216.9 million and 28.1 million, respectively. The 188.8 million net increase in cash used in investing activities compared to the prior year is primarily due to 140.0 million in purchases of marketable securities in the current year period, 51.3 million of cash paid, net of cash acquired, for the acquisition of TSI, and 9.5 million higher additions to capitalized software in the current year period, partially offset by 11.3 million in cash proceeds from the disposition of our Commercial Dental assets. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities in the year ended March 31, 2023 was 212.6 million compared to net cash used for financing activities of 37.3 million in the prior year. The increase in cash provided by financing activities is primarily due to 275.0 million in proceeds from our convertible senior notes, net of 8.5 million in debt issuance costs, partially offset by a 14.0 million increase in share repurchases in the current year period. 
 41 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 On November 1, 2022, we issued 275.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 Notes ). The Notes were issued pursuant to, and are governed by, an indenture, dated as of November 1, 2022, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. Net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes were approximately 266.5 million, after deducting issuance costs totaling 8.5 million. 
 The Notes will accrue interest at a rate of 3.75 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, beginning on May 15, 2023. The Notes will mature on November 15, 2027, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. 
 Approximately 10.7 million in interest payments are due within the next 12 months for our Notes. There are no required principal payments on the Notes prior to their maturity. 
 Refer to Note 12, Debt of our notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for additional information. 
 Line of Credit 
 On March 12, 2021, we entered into a 300 million second amended and restated revolving credit agreement (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement matures on March 12, 2026 and the full balance of the revolving loans and all other obligations under the Credit Agreement must be paid at that time. In addition, we are required to prepay the revolving loan balance if at any time the aggregate principal amount outstanding under the Credit Agreement exceeds the aggregate commitments thereunder. 
 On May 17, 2022, we entered into an amendment to the Credit Agreement, which, among other changes, provides more favorable terms and flexibility with regards to our ability to obtain additional revolving credit commitments and/or term loans thereunder, including amendments to the net leverage ratio and definition of restricted payments. 
 On October 27, 2022, the Company entered into that certain Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement (the Second Amendment with the Administrative Agent and the lenders party thereto. The Second Amendment modifies the Credit Agreement to make certain updates to the conditions restricting the making of certain dividends, distributions, and other restricted payments by the Company so that the Company s compliance with the net leverage ratio governor contained in such conditions is calculated net of the net cash proceeds of the Notes issued pursuant to the Indenture. On March 12, 2021, we entered into a 300 million second amended and restated revolving credit agreement (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement matures on March 12, 2026 and the full balance of the revolving loans and all other obligations under the Credit Agreement must be paid at that time. In addition, we are required to prepay the revolving loan balance if at any time the aggregate principal amount outstanding under the Credit Agreement exceeds the aggregate commitments thereunder. 
 As of March 31, 2023, we had no outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement. Refer to Note 12, Debt of our notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for additional information. 
 Non-cancelable Operating Leases 
 As of March 31, 2023, the total amount of future lease payments under operating leases was 8.3 million, of which 4.1 million is short-term. Our operating leases have a weighted average remaining lease term of 2.0 years. Included in our total future lease payments are 7.4 million of remaining lease obligations for vacated properties, of which 3.6 million is short-term. The preceding numbers do not include 0.7 million of future lease obligations, of which 0.1 million is short-term, for a lease that we have entered into that has not yet commenced. Remaining lease obligations for vacated properties relates to certain locations, including Cary, Brentwood, North Canton, Fairport, Atlanta, St. Louis, and portions of Irvine, Hunt Valley and Chapel Hill that we have vacated as part of our reorganization efforts and are actively marketing for sublease. Refer to Note 7, Leases and Note 18, Restructuring Plan of our notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for additional information. The remaining obligations have not been reduced by projected sublease rentals or by minimum sublease rentals of 2.0 million due in future periods under non-cancelable subleases. 
 Purchase Obligations 
 As of March 31, 2023, we had minimum purchase commitments of 153.7 million related to payments due under certain non-cancelable agreements to purchase goods and services, of which 35.1 million is due within the next 12 months. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 In October 2021, our Board of Directors Board authorized a share repurchase program under which we may repurchase up to 60.0 million of our outstanding shares of common stock through March 2023. The timing and amount of any share repurchases under the share repurchase program will be determined by our management at its discretion based on ongoing assessments of the capital needs of the business, the market price of our common stock and general market conditions. The 
 42 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of our common stock, and the share repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time at our discretion. 
 In October 2022, our Board authorized a new share repurchase program under which we may repurchase up to an additional 100.0 million of outstanding shares of our common stock through March 2025. 
 During the year ended March 31, 2023, we repurchased 2.7 million shares of common stock for a total of 49.9 million at a weighted-average share repurchase price of approximately 18.62. During the year ended March 31, 2022, we repurchased 2.2 million shares of common stock for a total of 35.9 million at a weighted-average share repurchase price of approximately 16.53. 
 As of March 31, 2023, 74.3 million remained available for share repurchases pursuant to the Company s share repurchase programs. 
 Deferred Compensation 
 Deferred compensation liability was 8.0 million, for which timing of future benefit payments to employees is not determinable. To offset this liability, we have purchased life insurance policies on some of the participants. The Company is the owner and beneficiary of the policies and the cash values are intended to produce cash needed to help make the benefit payments to employees when they retire or otherwise leave the Company. The cash surrender value of the life insurance policies for deferred compensation was 8.1 million. 
 Income Taxes 
 We have an uncertain tax position liability of 5.9 million as of March 31, 2023, for which timing of expected payments is not determinable. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 During the year ended March 31, 2023, we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated organizations, financial partnerships, or special purpose entities that would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other limited purposes. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The discussion and analysis of our consolidated financial statements and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect our reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosures. We base our assumptions, estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends, and other factors we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. On a regular basis, we review the accounting policies and update our assumptions, estimates, and judgments, as needed, to ensure that our consolidated financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance with GAAP. Actual results could differ materially from our estimates under different assumptions or conditions. To the extent that there are material differences between our estimates and actual results, our financial condition or results of operations will be affected. 
 Our significant accounting policies, as described in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report, should be read in conjunction with management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations. We believe that the following accounting policies are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results because application of such policies require significant judgment regarding the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain and that affect our consolidated financial statements. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Application of the revenue recognition guidance requires a significant amount of judgments and estimates, which may impact the amount and timing of revenue recognition and related disclosures. Refer to Note 3, Revenue from Contracts with Customers of our notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for additional information regarding our revenue recognition policies, significant judgments, and estimates. 
 43 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Software Development Costs 
 Software development costs, consisting primarily of employee salaries and benefits and certain third party costs, incurred in the development of new software solutions and enhancements to existing software solutions for external sale are expensed as incurred, and reported as net research and development costs in the consolidated statements of net income and comprehensive income, until technological feasibility has been established. After technological feasibility is established, the incremental software development costs are capitalized until general release occurs. Amortization of capitalized software begins upon general release and is recorded on a straight-line basis over the estimated economic life of the related product, which is typically three years. The total of capitalized software costs incurred in the development of products for external sale are reported as capitalized software costs within our consolidated balance sheets. 
 We also incur costs related to the development of software applications for our internal-use and for the development of software-as-a-service SaaS based solutions sold to our clients. The development costs of our SaaS-based solutions are considered internal-use for accounting purposes. Our internal-use capitalized development costs are stated at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which is typically three years. Application development stage costs generally include costs associated with internal-use software configuration, coding, installation and testing. Costs related to the preliminary project stage and post-implementation activities are expensed as incurred. Costs of significant upgrades and enhancements that result in additional functionality are also capitalized, whereas costs incurred for maintenance and minor upgrades and enhancements are expensed as incurred. Capitalized software costs for the development of SaaS-based solutions are reported as capitalized software costs within our consolidated balance sheets and capitalized software costs for the development of our internal-use software applications are reported as equipment and improvements within our consolidated balance sheets. 
 We periodically reassess the estimated economic life and the recoverability of our capitalized software costs. If we determine that capitalized amounts are not recoverable based on the expected net cash flows to be generated from sales of the applicable software solutions, the amount by which the unamortized capitalized costs exceed the net realizable value is written off as a charge to earnings. The net realizable value is estimated as the expected future gross revenues from that product reduced by the estimated future costs of completing and disposing of that product, including the costs of performing maintenance and client support required to satisfy our responsibility at the time of sale. In addition to the assessment of net realizable value, we review and adjust the remaining estimated lives of our capitalized software costs, if necessary. We also perform a periodic review of our software solutions and dispose of fully amortized capitalized software costs after such products are determined to no longer be used by our clients. 
 Although we currently believe that our approach to estimates and judgments as described herein is reasonable, actual results could differ and we may be exposed to increases or decreases in revenue that could be material. 
 Business Combinations 
 In accordance with the accounting for business combinations, we allocate the purchase price of the acquired business to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The fair values of acquired assets and liabilities assumed represent our best estimate of fair value. The estimated fair value of the acquired tangible and intangible assets and liabilities assumed were determined using multiple valuation approaches depending on the type and nature of tangible or intangible asset acquired, including but not limited to the income approach, the excess earnings method and the relief from royalty method approach. The purchase price allocation methodology contains uncertainties as it requires us to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities, including, but not limited to, intangible assets, goodwill, and contingent consideration liabilities. We estimate the fair value of the contingent consideration liabilities based on our projection of expected results, as needed. Unanticipated events or circumstances may occur which could affect the accuracy of our fair value estimates, including assumptions regarding industry economic factors and business strategies. We expect to finalize the purchase price allocation as soon as practicable within the measurement period, but not later than one year following the acquisition date. Any adjustments to fair value subsequent to the measurement period are reflected in the consolidated statements of net income and comprehensive income. 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill acquired in a business combination is measured as the excess of the purchase price, or consideration transferred, over the net acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. Goodwill is not amortized as it has been determined to have an indefinite useful life. 
 We test goodwill for impairment annually during our first fiscal quarter, referred to as the annual test date. We will also test for impairment between annual test dates if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate the carrying amount may be impaired. Impairment testing for goodwill is performed at a reporting-unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment (referred to as a component). We operate as one segment and have a single reporting unit. The measures evaluated by our chief operating decision maker CODM ), consisting of our Chief Executive Officer, to assess company performance and make decisions about the allocation of resources include consolidated revenue and consolidated operating results. 
 44 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 As part of our annual goodwill impairment test, we may elect to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of our single reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. We assess events or changes in circumstances in totality, including macroeconomic and industry conditions, market and competitive environment, changes in customers or customer mix, cost factors, loss of key personnel, significant changes in legislative environment or other legal factors, changes in the use of our acquired assets, changes in our strategic direction, significant changes in projected future results of operations, changes in the composition or carrying amount of our net assets, and changes in our stock price. Based on our assessment, if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then additional impairment testing is not required. Otherwise, if we determine that a quantitative impairment test should be performed, we then evaluate goodwill for impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of the reporting unit with its book value, including goodwill. If the estimated fair value exceeds book value, goodwill is considered not to be impaired and no additional steps are necessary. If, however, the fair value of the reporting unit is less than book value, then an impairment charge is recorded for the difference between the reporting unit s fair value and carrying amount, not to exceed the carrying amount of the goodwill. 
 During the quarter ended June 30, 2022, we performed a qualitative assessment, which indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair value of goodwill exceeded its net carrying value and, therefore, additional impairment testing was not deemed necessary. We also did not identify any events or circumstances that would require an interim goodwill impairment test. 
 Application of the goodwill impairment test required significant judgment, including the identification of reporting units and determination of the fair value of the reporting unit. We determined the fair value of our reporting unit utilizing the average of two valuation methods, consisting of the income approach (based upon estimates of future discounted cash flows for the reporting unit) and a market comparable approach (based upon valuation multiples of companies that operate in similar industries with similar operating characteristics). The cash flows used to determine fair value under the income approach required significant judgments and represent Management's best estimates of projected operating results, terminal and long-term growth rates of our business, useful life over which cash flows will occur, and our weighted average cost of capital, that are dependent on a number of significant assumptions based on historical experience, expectations of future performance, and the expected macroeconomic environment, which are subject to change given the inherent uncertainty in predicting future results. We also considered our stock price and market capitalization as a corroborative step in assessing the reasonableness of the fair values estimated for the reporting unit as part of the goodwill impairment assessment. 
 The estimates used to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit changes from year to year based on operating results, market conditions, and other factors. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and goodwill impairment for the reporting unit. We currently also do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we used to test for impairment losses on goodwill. However, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to future impairment charges that could be material. 
 Refer to Note 9, Goodwill of our notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for additional information regarding our goodwill policies, significant judgments, and estimates. 
 Intangible Assets 
 Intangible assets consist of trade names, customer relationships, re-acquired rights, data health database, and software technology, all of which are associated with our business acquisitions. 
 The intangible assets are recorded at fair value and are reported net of accumulated amortization. We currently amortize the intangible assets over periods ranging from 3 to 11 years using a method that reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible asset are consumed. We assess the recoverability of intangible assets at least annually or whenever adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. Impairment is deemed to have occurred if the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the related assets are less than the carrying value of such assets, and a loss is recognized to reduce the carrying value of the intangible assets to fair value, which is determined by discounting estimated future cash flows. In addition to the impairment assessment, we routinely review the remaining estimated lives of our intangible assets and record adjustments, if deemed necessary. 
 Although currently we believe that our approach to estimates and judgments as described herein is reasonable, actual results could differ and we may be exposed to decreases in the fair value of our intangible assets, resulting in impairment charges that could be material. We test intangible assets for impairment if we believe indicators of impairment exist. 
 
 45 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 We record share-based compensation related to share-based awards granted under equity incentive plans. 
 Share-based compensation expense associated with restricted stock awards is estimated using the closing share price of the common stock on the date of grant. Share-based compensation expense associated with performance stock awards that contain market conditions is based on the grant date fair value estimated using a Monte Carlo-based valuation model. Share-based compensation expense associated with performance stock awards that contain performance conditions are estimated using a probability-adjusted achievement rate combined with the closing share price of the common stock on the date of grant. 
 Share-based compensation expense is recognized as expense over the requisite service period in our consolidated statements of net income and comprehensive income. 
 We currently do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to determine share-based compensation expense. However, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to changes in share-based compensation expense that could be material. 
 See Note 16, Stockholders' Equity, of our notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for a complete discussion of our stock-based compensation plans and our accounting policies, significant judgments, and estimates. 
 Reserves on Accounts Receivable 
 We maintain reserves for estimated potential sales returns and allowances for credit losses on our accounts receivable. Accounts receivable are reported net of an allowance for credit losses on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Our standard contracts generally do not contain provisions for clients to return products or services. However, we historically have accepted sales returns under limited circumstances. We estimate expected sales returns and other forms of variable consideration considering our customary business practice and contract-specific facts and circumstances, and we consider such estimated potential returns as variable consideration when allocating the transaction price to the extent it is probable that there will not be a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized. 
 Allowance for credit losses are reserves related to estimated losses resulting from our clients inability to make required payments are established based on our assessment of the collectability of client accounts, including review of our historical experience of bad debt expense and the aging of our accounts receivable balances, net of specifically reserved accounts and amounts billed prior to revenue recognition. Specific reserves are based on our estimate of the probability of collection for certain accounts. As part of our assessment of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses, we consider a number of factors including, but not limited to, historical credit loss experience and adjustments for certain asset-specific risk characteristics, such as bankruptcy filings, internal assessments of client credit quality, age of the client receivable balances, review of major third-party credit-rating agencies, and evaluation of external factors such as economic conditions, including the potential impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, that may affect a client s ability to pay, or other client-specific factors. Accounts are written off as uncollectible only after we have expended extensive collection efforts. 
 If a major client s creditworthiness or financial condition were to deteriorate, if actual defaults are higher than our historical experience, or if other circumstances arise, our estimates of the recoverability of amounts due to us could be overstated, and additional reserves or allowances could be required, which could have an adverse impact on our operating results. Although we currently believe that our approach to estimates and judgments as described herein is reasonable, actual results could differ and we may be exposed to increases or decreases in required reserves that could be material. 
 See Note 4, Accounts Receivable, of our notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for additional information. 
 
 46 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Leases 
 Our leasing arrangements are reflected on the balance sheet as right-of-use assets and liabilities pertaining to the rights and obligations created by the leased assets. We determine whether an arrangement is a lease at inception and classify it as finance or operating. All of our existing material leases are classified as operating leases. Our leases do not contain any residual value guarantees. 
 Right-of-use lease assets and corresponding lease liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the expected lease term. Since the interest rate implicit in our lease arrangements is not readily determinable, we determine an incremental borrowing rate for each lease based on the approximate interest rate on a collateralized basis with similar remaining terms and payments as of the lease commencement date to determine the present value of future lease payments. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease. Currently, it is not reasonably certain that we will exercise those options and therefore, we utilize the initial, noncancelable, lease term to calculate the lease assets and corresponding liabilities for all our leases. We have certain insignificant short-term leases with an initial term of twelve months or less that are not recorded in our consolidated balance sheets. Operating right-of-use lease assets are classified as operating lease assets on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Our lease agreements generally contain lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components primarily include payments for maintenance and utilities. We have applied the practical expedient to combine fixed payments for non-lease components with our lease payments for all of our leases and account for them together as a single lease component, which increases the amount of our lease assets and corresponding liabilities. Payments under our lease arrangements are primarily fixed, however, certain lease agreements contain variable payments, which are expensed as incurred and not included in the operating lease assets and liabilities. 
 Operating lease costs are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and included as a selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of net income and comprehensive income. 
 Refer to Note 7, Leases of our notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for additional information. 
 47 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We primarily operate within the United States and also have certain international operations. We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include interest rate, foreign exchange and inflation risks, as well as risks relating to changes in the general economic conditions in the countries where we conduct business. To reduce these risks, we monitor the financial condition of our customers to limit credit exposure as we deem appropriate. In addition, our investment strategy has historically been to invest in financial instruments that are highly liquid and readily convertible into cash. We have not used derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of our market risk exposures and we also have not used, nor do we intend to use, derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. 
 As of March 31, 2023, we believe we are subject to minimal market risk on our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities as our balances are maintained in highly liquid funds and investments. While we do not believe our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities have significant risk of default or illiquidity and we believe our investments do not contain excessive risk, we cannot provide absolute assurance that in the future our investments will not be subject to adverse changes in market value. 
 As of March 31, 2023, we had no outstanding borrowings under our second amended and restated revolving credit agreement the Credit Agreement ). The revolving loans under the Credit Agreement bear interest at either, at our option of either, (a) for base rate loans, a base rate based on the highest of (i) 1 , (ii) the prime rate quoted in the Wall Street Journal for the United States of America, (iii) the overnight bank funding rate (not to be less than zero) as determined by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York plus 0.50 or (iv) the LIBOR-based rate for one month Eurodollar deposits plus 1 , and (b) for Eurodollar loans, the LIBOR-based rate for one, two, three or six months (as selected by the Company) Eurodollar deposits plus, in each case, an applicable margin based on our net leverage ratio from time to time, ranging from 0.50 to 1.75 for base rate loans, and from 1.50 to 2.75 for Eurodollar loans. Accordingly, we may be exposed to interest rate risk, primarily changes in LIBOR (including the transition away from LIBOR), due to outstanding loans, if any, under the revolving credit agreement. 
 On November 1, 2022, we issued 275,000 in aggregate principal amount of 3.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 Notes ). The Notes will accrue interest at a rate of 3.75 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, beginning on May 15, 2023. The Notes will mature on November 15, 2027, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. As the Notes have a fixed annual interest rate, we do not have economic interest rate exposure with respect to the Notes. 
 Refer to Note 12, Debt of our notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for additional information. 
 As of March 31, 2023, we had international operations that exposed us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the United States dollar. However, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations has not been material to our financial position or operating results. 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 See our consolidated financial statements identified in the Index to Financial Statements appearing under Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules of this Report. 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 48 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Security Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Exchange Act as of March 31, 2023, the end of the period covered by this Report (the Evaluation Date ). They have concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, these disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that material information relating to the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries would be made known to them by others within those entities and would be disclosed on a timely basis. The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are designed, and are effective, to give reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission. They have also concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that are filed or submitted under the Exchange Act are accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the year ended March 31, 2023, we completed the acquisitions of TSI Healthcare, LLC TSI in November 2022, which is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. In conducting our evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, we have elected to exclude TSI from our evaluation for fiscal year 2023, based upon Securities and Exchange Commission staff guidance. As of and for the year ended March 31, 2023, the assets and revenues of TSI that are not included in our evaluation represented approximately 2 of consolidated assets and approximately 2 of consolidated revenues. 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Our internal control over financial reporting is supported by written policies and procedures, that: 
 (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of our company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management of the Company has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023. In making our assessment of internal control over financial reporting, management used the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of March 31, 2023. 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report contained in Item 15(a)(1) of Part IV of this Report, Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the quarter ended March 31, 2023, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 49 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 None. 
 50 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Shareholders Meeting to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Shareholders Meeting to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Shareholders Meeting to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Shareholders Meeting to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Shareholders Meeting to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 51 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Page 

(1) Index to Financial Statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 
 60 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 63 

Consolidated Statements of Net Income and Comprehensive Income Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 
 64 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 
 65 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 
 66 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 68 

(2) The following supplementary financial statement schedule of NextGen Healthcare, Inc., required to be included in Item 15(a)(2) on Form 10-K is filed as part of this Report. 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 
 97 

Schedules other than that listed above have been omitted since they are either not required, not applicable, or because the information required is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the notes thereto. 

(3) The exhibits listed in the Index to Exhibits hereof are attached hereto or incorporated herein by reference and filed as a part of this Report. 

Index to Exhibits 
 
 53 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 52 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Filed Herewith 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 13, 2021, by and between NextGen Healthcare, Inc., a California corporation, and NextGen Healthcare, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

8-K 

2.1 
 
 19-Oct-21 

3.1 
 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation of Quality Systems, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of California on September 8, 1989 (Registration No. 333-00161) 

S-1 

3.1 
 
 11-Jan-96 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Quality Systems, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of California effective March 4, 2005 

10-K 

3.1.1 
 
 14-Jun-05 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Quality Systems, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of California effective October 6, 2005 

8-K 

3.01 
 
 11-Oct-05 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Quality Systems, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of California effective March 3, 2006 

8-K 

3.1 
 
 6-Mar-06 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Quality Systems, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of California effective October 6, 2011 

8-K 

3.1 
 
 6-Oct-11 

3.6 
 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation of NextGen Healthcare, Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of California effective September 6, 2018 

8-K 

3.1 
 
 10-Sep-18 

3.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Quality Systems, Inc., effective October 30, 2008 

8-K 

3.1 
 
 31-Oct-08 

3.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of NextGen Healthcare, Inc., effective September 6, 2018 

8-K 

3.2 
 
 10-Sep-18 

3.9 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of NextGen Healthcare, Inc., effective January 26, 2021 

8-K 

3.1 
 
 27-Jan-21 

3.10 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of NextGen Healthcare, Inc., effective June 18, 2021. 

8-K 

3.1 
 
 21-Jun-21 

3.11 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of NextGen Healthcare, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

8-K 

3.1 
 
 19-Oct-21 

3.12 
 
 Bylaws of NextGen Healthcare, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

8-K 

3.2 
 
 19-Oct-21 

3.13 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of NextGen Healthcare, Inc., dated as of July 26, 2022 

8-K 

3.1 
 
 26-Jul-22 

4.1 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 X 

4.2 
 
 Indenture, dated as of November 1, 2022, between NextGen Healthcare, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. 

8-K 

4.1 
 
 1-Nov-22 

53 
 
 Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Filed Herewith 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 

4.3 
 
 Form of certificate representing the 3.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.2). 

8-K 

4.2 
 
 1-Nov-22 

10.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated September 6, 2018, to change the name of Quality Systems, Inc. to NextGen Healthcare, Inc. 

8-K 

2.1 
 
 10-Sep-18 

10.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 30, 2015, by and among Quality Systems, Inc., Ivory Merger Sub, Inc., HealthFusion Holdings, Inc. and Seth Flam, Sol Lizerbram, and Jonathan Flam, as the Securityholder Representative Committee. 

8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 30-Oct-15 

10.3 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated April 11, 2017, by and among Quality Systems, Inc., Engage Merger Sub, Inc., Entrada, Inc. and FCA Venture Partners V, LP, as the Company Stockholders' Representative 

8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 12-Apr-17 

10.4 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated July 31, 2017, by and among Quality Systems, Inc., Peacock Merger Sub, Inc., EagleDream Health, Inc. and Algimantas K. Chesonis 

8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 1-Aug-17 

10.5 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated November 12, 2019, by and among NextGen Healthcare, Inc., Renegade Merger Sub, Inc., MedFusion, Inc., and Project Renegade LLC, as the Equityholders Representative 

8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 18-Nov-19 

10.6 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated November 30, 2022, by and among NextGen Healthcare, Inc, TSI Healthcare, LLC, TSIH Holdings, Inc., a North Carolina corporation and the sole equity holder of TSI, David Dickson, Jr. and Glenn Dickson 

10-Q 
 
 10.2 
 
 25-Jan-23 

10.7 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of January 4, 2016, among Quality Systems, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as syndication agent, and Bank of the West, KeyBank National Association and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as co-documentation agents 

10-Q 
 
 10.1 
 
 29-Jan-16 

10.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2018, among Quality Systems, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as syndication agent, and Bank of the West, KeyBank National Association and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as co-documentation agents 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 4-Apr-18 

10.9 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2021, among NextGen, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, U.S. Bank National Association and Bank of the West, as co-syndication agents, and certain other agents and lenders 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 16-Mar-21 

10.10 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2022, by and among NextGen Healthcare, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and the lenders party thereto. 

10-Q 
 
 10.1 
 
 27-Jul-22 

10.11 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2022, by and among NextGen Healthcare, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and the lenders party thereto. 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 1-Nov-22 

54 
 
 Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Filed Herewith 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 

10.12 
 
 Second Amended and Restated 2005 Stock Option and Incentive Plan 

DEF14A 
 
 Appendix I 
 
 1-Jul-11 

10.13 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement for 2005 Stock Incentive Plan 

8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 5-Jun-07 

10.14 
 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement for 2005 Stock Incentive Plan 

8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 5-Jun-07 

10.15 
 
 Form of Outside Director's Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under Second Amended and Restated 2005 Stock Option and Incentive Plan 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 15-Aug-11 

10.16 
 
 Form of Executive Officer Restricted Stock Agreement under Second Amended and Restated 2005 Stock Option and Incentive Plan 

8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 28-May-13 

10.17 
 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under Second Amended and Restated 2005 Stock Option and Incentive Plan 

10-K 
 
 10.17 
 
 29-May-14 

10.18 
 
 Form of Outside Directors Amended and Restated Restricted Stock Agreement under 2010 Outside Director Compensation Program 

8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 2-Feb-10 

10.19 
 
 NextGen Healthcare Director Compensation Plan (As Amended and Restated Effective August 17, 2022) 

10-Q 
 
 10.1 
 
 25-Oct-22 

10.20 
 
 NextGen Healthcare Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors 

10-Q 
 
 10.2 
 
 25-Oct-22 

10.21 
 
 NextGen Healthcare Form of Indemnification Agreement (Effective October 13, 2021) 

10-Q 
 
 10.3 
 
 25-Oct-22 

10.22 
 
 Quality Systems, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 14-Aug-15 

10.23 
 
 Quality Systems, Inc. Amended 2015 Equity Incentive Plan 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 23-Aug-17 

10.24 
 
 NextGen Healthcare, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended 

8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 16-Aug-19 

10.25 
 
 NextGen Healthcare, Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 19-Oct-21 

10.26 
 
 NextGen Healthcare, Inc. 2021 Employment Inducement Equity Incentive Plan 

S-8 
 
 10.1 
 
 21-Sep-21 

10.27 
 
 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice, Option Agreement and Notice of Exercise for 2015 Equity Incentive Plan 

8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 14-Aug-15 

10.28 
 
 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Award Agreement for 2015 Equity Incentive Plan 

8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 14-Aug-15 

10.29 
 
 Form of Outside Director Restricted Stock Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Award Agreement for 2015 Equity Incentive Plan 

8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 14-Aug-15 

10.30 
 
 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Award Agreement for 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended 

8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 16-Aug-19 

55 
 
 Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Filed Herewith 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 

10.31 
 
 Form of Outside Director Restricted Stock Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Award Agreement for 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended 

8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 16-Aug-19 

10.32 
 
 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice, Option Agreement and Notice of Exercise for 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended. 

8-K 
 
 10.5 
 
 16-Aug-19 

10.33 
 
 Form of Performance Stock Award Grant Notice and Performance/Restricted Stock Award Agreement for 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, entered into with the Company's named executive officers effective December 29, 2016. 

8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 3-Jan-17 

10.34 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Grant Notice and Performance/Restricted Stock Award Agreement for 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, entered into with the Company's named executive officers effective December 29, 2016. 

8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 3-Jan-17 

10.35 
 
 Form of Performance Stock Award Grant Notice and Performance Stock Award Agreement for 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended 

10-K/A 
 
 10.38 
 
 29-Jul-21 

10.36 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Award Agreement pursuant to the NextGen Healthcare, Inc. 2021 Employment Inducement Equity Incentive Plan 

S-8 
 
 10.2 
 
 21-Sep-21 

10.37 
 
 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Grant Notice and Performance Share Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the NextGen Healthcare, Inc. 2021 Employment Inducement Equity Incentive Plan 

S-8 
 
 10.3 
 
 21-Sep-21 

10.38 
 
 Quality Systems, Inc. 2014 Employee Share Purchase Plan 

DEF14A 
 
 Annex A 
 
 27-Jun-14 

10.39 
 
 Employment Offer Letter, dated January 27, 2016, between David Metcalfe and Quality Systems, Inc. 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 28-Jan-16 

10.40 
 
 Employment Offer Letter, dated February 16, 2016, between James R. Arnold and Quality Systems, Inc. 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 18-Feb-16 

10.41 
 
 Employment Offer Letter, dated November 27, 2017, between Jeffrey D. Linton and Quality Systems, Inc. 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 1-Dec-17 

10.42 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of September 18, 2021, between David Sides and NextGen Healthcare, Inc. 

10-Q 
 
 10.5 
 
 29-Oct-21 

10.43 
 
 NextGen Healthcare, Inc, FY2021 Director Compensation Plan 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 18-Aug-20 

10.44 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (Directors and Officers) 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 28-Jan-13 

10.45 
 
 2009 Quality Systems, Inc. Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan. 

10-K 
 
 10.8 
 
 30-May-13 

21 
 
 List of subsidiaries. 
 
 X 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 
 X 

56 
 
 Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Filed Herewith 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 The cover page from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023, has been formatted in Inline XBRL. 

This exhibit is a management contract or a compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 XBRL information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of section 11 or 12 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 
 57 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

By: 
 
 /s/ David Sides 

David Sides 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 
 /s/ James R. Arnold, Jr. 

James R. Arnold, Jr. 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

By: 
 
 /s/ David Ahmadzai 

David Ahmadzai Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date: May 22, 2023 
 58 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the persons whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints David Sides, James R. Arnold, Jr., and David Ahmadzai, each of them acting individually, as his attorney-in-fact, each with the full power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming our signatures as they may be signed by our said attorney-in-fact and any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Pursuant to the requirement of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed by the following persons on our behalf in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jeffrey H. Margolis 
 
 Chairman of the Board and Director 
 
 May 22, 2023 

Jeffrey H. Margolis 

/s/ Craig A. Barbarosh 
 
 Vice Chairman of the Board and Director 
 
 May 22, 2023 

Craig A. Barbarosh 

/s/ David Sides 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director 
 
 May 22, 2023 

David Sides 

/s/ James R. Arnold, Jr. 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 May 22, 2023 

James R. Arnold, Jr. 

/s/ David Ahmadzai 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 May 22, 2023 

David Ahmadzai 

/s/ George H. Bristol 
 
 Director 
 
 May 22, 2023 

George H. Bristol 

/s/ Darnell Dent 
 
 Director 
 
 May 22, 2023 

Darnell Dent 

/s/ Julie D. Klapstein 
 
 Director 
 
 May 22, 2023 

Julie D. Klapstein 

/s/ Geraldine McGinty 
 
 Director 
 
 May 22, 2023 

Geraldine McGinty 

/s/ Morris Panner 
 
 Director 
 
 May 22, 2023 

Morris Panner 

/s/ Pamela Puryear 
 
 Director 
 
 May 22, 2023 

Pamela Puryear 

59 
 
 Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of NextGen Healthcare, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NextGen Healthcare, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements net income and comprehensive income, of shareholders equity and of cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 As described in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management has excluded TSI Healthcare, LLC TSI from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023 because it was acquired by the Company in a purchase business combination during 2023. We have also excluded TSI from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. TSI is a wholly-owned subsidiary whose total assets and total revenues excluded from management s assessment and our audit of internal control over financial reporting represent approximately 2 and approximately 2 , respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended March 31, 2023. 
 60 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Revenue Recognition Customer Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations 
 As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded total revenues of 653 million for the year ended March 31, 2023. The Company s contracts with customers may include multiple performance obligations that consist of various combinations of software solutions and related services, which are generally capable of being distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. The total transaction price is allocated by management to each performance obligation within a contract based on estimated standalone selling prices. Standalone selling prices are generally determined based on the prices charged to customers, except for certain software licenses that are based on the residual approach because their standalone selling prices are highly variable and certain maintenance customers that are based on substantive renewal rates. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition, specifically customer contracts with multiple performance obligations, is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management in identifying the distinct performance obligations for each contract and in determining the transaction price to be allocated to each performance obligation within a contract based on the estimated standalone selling price and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to whether management appropriately (a) identified all distinct performance obligations for each contract and (b) allocated the transaction price to each performance obligation within a contract. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process, including controls related to management s identification of performance obligations, determination of the estimated standalone selling price, and allocation of transaction price. These procedures also included, among others, reading a sample of contracts and testing management s (i) identification of distinct performance obligations for each contract; (ii) estimate of standalone selling price; and (iii) allocation of transaction price to each performance obligation within the contract based on the estimated standalone selling price. 
 61 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Valuation of Customer Relationships and Re-Acquired Rights Intangible Assets - Acquisition of TSI Healthcare, LLC 
 As described in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, on November 30, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of TSI for a total preliminary purchase price of 55.7 million. Management accounted for the acquisition as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting and allocated the preliminary purchase price to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. Management recorded identifiable intangible assets related to customer relationships and re-acquired rights of 5.5 million and 6.3 million, respectively. Management determined the fair values of the acquired intangible assets using the distributor method of the income approach for customer relationships and the multi-period excess earnings method of the income approach for re-acquired rights. The valuation model inputs required the application of significant judgment by management and related to distributor margin and the discount rate for the customer relationships and the revenue forecasts, distributor margin, cost of sales and operating expenses as a percentage of revenue and the discount rate for the re-acquired rights. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of the customer relationships and re-acquired rights intangible assets acquired in the acquisition of TSI is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimate of the customer relationships and re-acquired rights intangible assets; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to the distributor margin and the discount rate for the customer relationships and the revenue forecasts, distributor margin, cost of sales and operating expenses as a percentage of revenue and the discount rate for the re-acquired rights; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the acquisition accounting, including controls over management s valuation of the customer relationships and re-acquired rights intangible assets and controls over the development of significant assumptions related to the revenue forecasts, distributor margin, cost of sales and operating expenses as a percentage of revenue and the discount rate. These procedures also included, among others (i) reading the purchase agreement; (ii) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimate of the customer relationships and re-acquired rights intangible assets; (iii) evaluating the appropriateness of the distributor and multi-period excess earnings valuation methods; (iv) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used by management in the distributor and multi-period excess earnings valuation methods; and (v) evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions used by management related to the distributor margin and discount rate for the customer relationships and the revenue forecasts, distributor margin, cost of sales and operating expenses as a percentage of revenue and discount rate for the re-acquired rights. Evaluating management s assumptions related to the revenue forecasts, distributor margin, and cost of sales and operating expenses as a percentage of revenue involved considering (i) the past performance of the acquired business and (ii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating of the appropriateness of the distributor and multi-period excess earnings valuation methods and the reasonableness of the assumptions related to the distributor margin and discount rate for customer relationships and re-acquired rights. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 May 22, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2009. 

62 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

March 31, 2023 

March 31, 2022 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities 

Accounts receivable, net 

Contract assets 

Income taxes receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Equipment and improvements, net 

Capitalized software costs, net 

Operating lease assets 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Contract assets, net of current 

Intangibles, net 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Contract liabilities 

Accrued compensation and related benefits 

Income taxes payable 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Contract liabilities, net of current 

Deferred compensation 

Convertible senior notes, net, noncurrent 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) 

Shareholders' equity: 

Common stock, par value; authorized shares; shares and shares issued at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively; shares and shares outstanding at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively 

Treasury stock, at cost, shares and shares at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively 

() 

() 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Retained earnings 

Total shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 63 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS O F NET INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Revenues: 

Recurring 

Software, hardware, and other non-recurring 

Total revenues 

Cost of revenue: 

Recurring 

Software, hardware, and other non-recurring 

Amortization of capitalized software costs and acquired intangible assets 

Total cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research and development costs, net 

Amortization of acquired intangible assets 

Impairment of assets 

Restructuring costs 

Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

() 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

() 

Income before provision for (benefit of) income taxes 

Provision for (benefit of) income taxes 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Other comprehensive income: 

Foreign currency translation, net of tax 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities, net of tax 

Comprehensive income 

() 

Net income (loss) per share: 

Basic 

() 

Diluted 

() 

Weighted-average shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 64 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDE RS EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Total 

Common Stock 

Treasury 

Paid-in 

Retained 

Comprehensive 

Shareholders' 

Shares 

Amount 

Stock 

Capital 

Earnings 

Loss 

Equity 

Balance, March 31, 2020 

() 

Common stock issued under stock plans, net of shares withheld for taxes 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Components of other comprehensive income: 

Translation adjustments 

Net income 

Balance, March 31, 2021 

() 

Common stock issued under stock plans, net of shares withheld for taxes 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Repurchase of common stock (1) 

() 

() 

() 

Components of other comprehensive income: 

Translation adjustments 

Net income 

Balance, March 31, 2022 

() 

() 

Common stock issued under stock plans, net of shares withheld for taxes 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Repurchase of common stock (2) 

() 

() 

() 

Components of other comprehensive income: 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities 

Translation adjustments 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance, March 31, 2023 

() 

() 

(1) . 
 (2) . 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 65 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FL OWS 
 (In thousands) 

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Amortization of capitalized software costs 

Amortization and write-off of debt issuance costs 

Amortization of other intangibles 

Net amortization (accretion) of premiums/discounts on marketable securities 

() 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

() 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

() 

Depreciation 

Excess tax deficiency (benefit) from share-based compensation 

() 

Impairment of assets 

Loss on disposal of equipment and improvements 

Loss on foreign currency exchange rates 

Non-cash operating lease costs 

Provision for bad debts 

Restructuring costs, net of amounts paid 

Share-based compensation 

Gain on disposition of Commercial Dental assets 

() 

Changes in assets and liabilities, net of amounts acquired: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Contract assets 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Contract liabilities 

() 

() 

Accrued compensation and related benefits 

() 

() 

Income taxes 

() 

Deferred compensation 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Other assets and liabilities 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Additions to capitalized software costs 

() 

() 

() 

Additions to equipment and improvements 

() 

() 

() 

Acquisition related working capital adjustment payments 

() 

Payments for acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

() 

Proceeds from disposition of Commercial Dental assets 

Proceeds from sales of marketable securities 

Purchases of marketable securities 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from convertible senior notes 

Proceeds from line of credit 

Repayments on line of credit 

() 

() 

Payment of debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of shares under employee plans 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 

Payment of contingent consideration related to acquisitions 

() 

Payments for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

() 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 
 
 66 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 
 (In thousands) 

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash refunds from income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities, net of tax 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities 

Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

Accrued purchases of equipment and improvements 

67 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 NOTES INDEX 

Note 

Page 

Note 1 
 
 Organization of Business 
 
 69 

Note 2 
 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 69 

Note 3 
 
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 
 74 

Note 4 
 
 Accounts Receivable 
 
 76 

Note 5 
 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 
 77 

Note 6 
 
 Marketable Securities 
 
 78 

Note 7 
 
 Leases 
 
 79 

Note 8 
 
 Business Combinations and Disposals 
 
 80 

Note 9 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 81 

Note 10 
 
 Intangible Assets 
 
 82 

Note 11 
 
 Capitalized Software Costs 
 
 82 

Note 12 
 
 Debt 
 
 83 

Note 13 
 
 Composition of Certain Financial Statement Captions 
 
 85 

Note 14 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 86 

Note 15 
 
 Employee Benefit Plans 
 
 88 

Note 16 
 
 Stockholders' Equity 
 
 89 

Note 17 
 
 Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies 
 
 94 

Note 18 
 
 Restructuring Plan 
 
 96 

68 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except shares and per share data) 
 states. Over providers use NextGen Healthcare solutions to deliver care in nearly every medical specialty in a wide variety of practice models including accountable care organizations ACOs ), independent physician associations IPAs ), managed service organizations MSOs ), veterans service organizations VSOs ), and dental service organizations DSOs ). Our clients range from some of the largest and most progressive multi-specialty groups in the country to sole practitioners with a wide variety of business models. With the addition of behavioral health to our medical and oral health capabilities, we continue to extend our share not only in federally qualified health centers FQHCs but also in the growing integrated care market. Our company was incorporated in California in 1974. Previously named Quality Systems, Inc., we changed our corporate name to NextGen Healthcare, Inc. in September 2018, and in 2021, we changed our state of incorporation to Delaware. As a remote-first company, we no longer maintain a principal executive office. Our principal website is www.nextgen.com. We operate on a fiscal year ending on March 31. 

segment for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. The measures evaluated by our chief operating decision maker CODM ), consisting of our Chief Executive Officer, to assess company performance and make decisions about the allocation of resources include consolidated revenue and consolidated operating results. 

days. At March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of and , respectively. We also had cash deposits held at United States banks and financial institutions at March 31, 2023 of which was in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limit of per owner. Our cash deposits are exposed to credit loss for amounts in excess of insured limits in the event of nonperformance by the institutions; however, we do not anticipate nonperformance by these institutions. Money market funds in which we hold a portion of our excess cash are invested in very high grade commercial and governmental instruments, and therefore bear low market risk. 

ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) , and its subsequent amendments (together ASC 842 using the cumulative-effect adjustment transition method, which is the additional transition method described within ASU 2018-11, Leases (Topic 842): Targeted Improvements , issued by the FASB in July 2018, which allowed us to apply the new lease standard as of . Our leasing arrangements are reflected on the balance sheet as right-of-use assets and liabilities pertaining to the rights and obligations created by the leased assets. We determine whether an arrangement is a lease at inception and classify it as finance or operating. All of our existing material leases are classified as operating leases. Our leases do not contain any residual value guarantees. Right-of-use lease assets and corresponding lease liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the expected lease term. Since the interest rate implicit in our lease arrangements is not readily determinable, we determine an incremental borrowing rate for each lease based on the approximate interest rate on a collateralized basis with similar remaining terms and payments as of the lease commencement date to determine the present value of future lease payments. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease. Currently, it is not reasonably certain that we will exercise those options and therefore, we utilize the initial, noncancelable, lease term to calculate the lease assets and corresponding liabilities for all our leases. We have certain insignificant short-term leases with an initial term of twelve months or less that are not recorded in our consolidated balance sheets. Operating right-of-use lease assets are classified as operating lease assets on our consolidated balance sheets. Our lease agreements generally contain lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components primarily include payments for maintenance and utilities. We have applied the practical expedient to combine fixed payments for non-lease components with our lease payments for all of our leases and account for them together as a single lease component, which increases the amount of our lease assets and corresponding liabilities. Payments under our lease arrangements are primarily fixed, however, certain lease agreements contain variable payments, which are expensed as incurred and not included in the operating lease assets and liabilities. Operating lease costs are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and included as a selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of net income and comprehensive income. Refer to Note 7, Leases for additional information. 
 to 

 Furniture and fixtures - to 

 Leasehold improvements - 

 Depreciation expense related to our equipment and improvements was , , and for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 . The total of capitalized software costs incurred in the development of products for external sale are reported as capitalized software costs within our consolidated balance sheets. We also incur costs related to the development of software applications for our internal-use and for the development of software-as-a-service SaaS based solutions sold to our clients. The development costs of our SaaS-based solutions are considered internal-use for accounting purposes. Our internal-use capitalized development costs are stated at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which is typically . Application development stage costs generally include costs associated with internal-use software configuration, coding, installation and testing. Costs related to the preliminary project stage and post-implementation activities are expensed as incurred. Costs of significant upgrades and enhancements that result in additional functionality are also capitalized, whereas costs incurred for maintenance and minor upgrades and enhancements are expensed as incurred. Capitalized software costs for the development of SaaS-based solutions are reported as capitalized software costs within our consolidated balance sheets and capitalized software costs for the development of our internal-use software applications are reported as equipment and improvements within our consolidated balance sheets. We periodically reassess the estimated economic life and the recoverability of our capitalized software costs. If we determine that capitalized amounts are not recoverable based on the expected net cash flows to be generated from sales of the applicable software solutions, the amount by which the unamortized capitalized costs exceed the net realizable value is written off as a charge to earnings. The net realizable value is estimated as the expected future gross revenues from that product reduced by the estimated future costs of completing and disposing of that product, including the costs of performing maintenance and client support required to satisfy our responsibility at the time of sale. In addition to the assessment of net realizable value, we review and adjust the remaining estimated lives of our capitalized software costs, if necessary. We also perform a periodic review of our software solutions and dispose of fully amortized capitalized software costs after such products are determined to no longer be used by our clients. 
 
 segment and have a single reporting unit. The measures evaluated by our chief operating decision maker CODM ), consisting of our Chief Executive Officer, to assess company performance and make decisions about the allocation of resources include consolidated revenue and consolidated operating results. As part of our annual goodwill impairment test, we may elect to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of our single reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. We assess events or changes in circumstances in totality, including macroeconomic and industry conditions, market and competitive environment, changes in customers or customer mix, cost factors, loss of key personnel, significant changes in legislative environment or other legal factors, changes in the use of our acquired assets, changes in our strategic direction, significant changes in projected future results of operations, changes in the composition or carrying amount of our net assets, and changes in our stock price. Based on our assessment, if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then additional impairment testing is not required. Otherwise, if we determine that a quantitative impairment test should be performed, we then evaluate goodwill for impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of the reporting unit with its book value, including goodwill. If the estimated fair value exceeds book value, goodwill is considered not to be impaired and no additional steps are necessary. If, however, the fair value of the reporting unit is less than book value, then an impairment charge is recorded for the difference between the reporting unit s fair value and carrying amount, not to exceed the carrying amount of the goodwill. 
 to using a method that reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible asset are consumed. We assess the recoverability of intangible assets at least annually or whenever adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. Impairment is deemed to have occurred if the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the related assets are less than the carrying value of such assets, and a loss is recognized to reduce the carrying value of the intangible assets to fair value, which is determined by discounting estimated future cash flows. In addition to the impairment assessment, we routinely review the remaining estimated lives of our intangible assets and record adjustments, if deemed necessary. 

, , and for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, and were included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of net income and comprehensive income. 

Weighted-average shares outstanding Basic 

Net income per common share Basic 

() 

Earnings per share Diluted: 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Effect of potentially dilutive securities 

Weighted-average shares outstanding Diluted 

Net income (loss) per common share Diluted 

() 

The computation of diluted net income (loss) per share does not include , and options for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, because their inclusion would have an anti-dilutive effect on net income (loss) per share. The dilutive effect of potentially dilutive common shares is reflected in diluted net income per share by application of the if-converted method for the Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 Notes ), as described further in Note 12, Debt of our notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for further information. The shares issuable upon conversion of the Notes, subject to adjustment in some events, are not considered in the calculation of diluted net income (loss) per share for the year ended March 31, 2023 because their inclusion would have an anti-dilutive effect on net income per share. 
 the amendments in for the accounting of the convertible senior notes issued on (see Note 12). In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805) - Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers ASU 2021-08 ). Under current GAAP, an acquirer generally recognizes assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination, including contract assets and contract liabilities arising from revenue contracts with customers and other similar contracts that are accounted for in accordance with ASU 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) , at fair value on the acquisition date. ASU 2021-08 requires acquiring entities to apply Topic 606 to recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities in a business combination. ASU 2021-08 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments in ASU 2021-08 should be applied prospectively to business combinations occurring on or after the effective date of the amendments. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. We have elected to early this guidance as of and have the amendments in ASU 2021-08 prospectively for the accounting of our acquisition of TSI Healthcare, LLC (see Note 8). Recent Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted. Recent accounting pronouncements requiring implementation in current or future periods are discussed below or in the notes, where applicable. We do not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective accounting standards, if adopted, would have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

73 
 
 Table of Contents 

Support and maintenance 

Managed services 

Transactional and data services 

Total recurring revenues 

Software, hardware, and other non-recurring revenues: 

Software license and hardware 

Other non-recurring services 

Total software, hardware and other non-recurring revenues 

Total revenues 

evenly throughout the service period, we consider the series of support and maintenance services to be a single performance obligation. Therefore, we recognize revenue related to these services ratably over the respective noncancelable contract term. Managed services. Managed services consist primarily of RCM and related services, but also includes our hosting services, which we refer to as managed cloud services, transcription services, and certain other recurring services. Performance obligations associated with RCM services are satisfied over time as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of the services executed throughout the contract period. The majority of service fees under our RCM arrangements are variable consideration contingent upon collections by our clients. We estimate the variable consideration which we expect to be entitled to over the noncancelable contract term associated with our RCM service arrangements. The estimate of variable consideration included in the transaction price typically involves estimating the amounts we will ultimately collect on behalf of our clients and the relative fee we charge that is generally calculated as a percentage of those collections. Inputs to these estimates include, but are not limited to, historical service fees and collections amounts, timing of historical collections relative to the timing of when claims are submitted by our clients to their respective payers, macroeconomic trends, and anticipated changes in the number of providers. Significant judgment is required when estimating the total transaction price based on the variable consideration. We may apply certain constraints when appropriate whereby we include in the transaction price estimated variable consideration only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. Such estimates are assessed at the contract level. RCM and related services may not be rendered evenly over the contract period as the timing of services are based on customer collections, which may vary throughout the service period. We recognize revenue for RCM based on the amount of collections received throughout the contract term as it most closely depicts our efforts to transfer our service obligations to the customer. Our managed cloud services represent a single performance obligation to provide cloud hosting services to our customers and related revenue is recognized ratably over the respective noncancelable contract term. Performance obligations related to the transcription services, and other recurring services are satisfied as the corresponding services are provided and revenue is recognized as such services are rendered. Transactional and data services. Performance obligations related to transactional and data services, including electronic data interchange EDI ), patient pay, and other transaction processing services are satisfied at the point in time the services are rendered or delivered. The transfer of control occurs when the transactional and data services are delivered and the customer receives the benefits from the services provided. Revenue is recognized as such services are rendered. Beginning in fiscal year 2023, to align the presentation of disaggregated revenue with the manner in which management reviews such information, the presentation of disaggregated revenues by major revenue categories was revised to reclassify revenues related to patient pay services and certain other services from the managed services category into the transactional and data services category, which replaced the prior EDI and data services category. The prior period presentation of revenues disaggregated by major revenue categories and by occurrence above has been reclassified to conform with current period presentation. Software license and hardware. Software license and hardware are considered point-in-time performance obligations as control is transferred to customers upon the delivery of the software license and hardware. Our software licenses are considered functional licenses, and revenue recognition generally occurs on the date of contract execution as the customer is provided with immediate access to the license. We generally determine the amount of consideration allocated to the software license performance obligation using the residual approach, except for certain RCM arrangements where the amount allocated to the software license performance obligation is determined based on estimated relative standalone selling prices. For hardware, we recognize revenue upon transfer of such hardware or devices to the customer. Other non-recurring services. Performance obligations related to other non-recurring services, including implementation, training, and consulting services, are generally satisfied as the corresponding services are provided. Once the services have been provided to the customer, the transfer of control has occurred. Therefore, we recognize revenue as such services are rendered. 
 Transaction Price Allocated to Remaining Performance Obligations As of March 31, 2023, the aggregate amount of transaction price related to remaining unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied performance obligations over the respective noncancelable contract term was approximately of which we expect to recognize approximately as services are rendered or goods are delivered, over the next 12 months, and the remainder thereafter. As of March 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of transaction price related to remaining unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied performance obligations over the respective noncancelable contract term was approximately of which we expect to recognize approximately as services are rendered or goods are delivered, over the next 12 months, and the remainder thereafter. Contract Balances Contract balances result from the timing differences between our revenue recognition, invoicing, and cash collections. Such contract balances include accounts receivables, contract assets and liabilities, and other customer deposits and liabilities balances. Accounts receivables include invoiced amounts where the right to receive payment is unconditional and only subject to the passage of time. Contract assets, consisting of unbilled receivables, include amounts where revenue recognized exceeds the amount invoiced to the customer and the right to payment is not solely subject to the passage of time. Contract assets are generally associated with our sales of software licenses, but may also be associated with other performance obligations such as subscription services, support and maintenance, annual libraries, and professional services, where control has been transferred to our customers but the associated payments are based on future customer collections (in the case of our RCM service arrangements) or based on future milestone payment due dates. In such instances, the revenue recognized may exceed the amount invoiced to the customer and such balances are included in contract assets since our right to receive payment is not unconditional, but rather is conditional upon customer collections or the continued functionality of the software and our ongoing support and maintenance obligations. Contract liabilities consist mainly of fees invoiced or paid by our clients for which the associated services have not been performed and revenues have not been recognized. Contract assets and contract liabilities are reported in a net position on an individual contract basis at the end of each reporting period. Contract assets are classified as current or long-term on our consolidated balance sheets based on the timing of when we expect to complete the related performance obligations and invoice the customer. Contract liabilities are classified as current on our consolidated balance sheets since the revenue recognition associated with the related customer payments and invoicing is expected to occur within the next twelve months. During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, we recognized and , respectively, of revenues that were included in the contract liability balance or invoiced to customers since the beginning of the corresponding periods. Our contracts with customers do not include any major financing components. Costs to Obtain or Fulfill a Contract We capitalize all incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer to the extent that such costs are directly related to a contract and expected to be recoverable. Our sales commissions and related sales incentives are considered incremental costs requiring capitalization. Capitalized contract costs are amortized to expense utilizing a method that is consistent with the transfer of the related goods or services to the customer. The amortization period ranges from less than up to , based on the period over which the related goods and services are transferred, including consideration of the expected customer renewals and the related useful lives of the products. Capitalized commissions costs were as of March 31, 2023, of which is classified as current and included as prepaid expenses and other current assets and is classified as long-term and included within other assets on our consolidated balance sheets, based on the expected timing of expense recognition. Capitalized commissions costs were as of March 31, 2022, of which was classified as current and was classified as long-term. During the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, we recognized , , and , respectively, of commissions expense. Commissions expense primarily relates to the amortization of capitalized commissions costs, which is included as a selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of net income and comprehensive income. 

Allowance for credit losses 

() 

() 

Accounts receivable, net 

Additions charged to costs and expenses 

() 

Deductions 

Balance as of March 31, 2022 

() 

Additions charged to costs and expenses 

() 

Deductions 

Balance as of March 31, 2023 

() 

76 
 
 Table of Contents 

Commercial paper 

United States treasury securities 

Corporate notes and bonds 

Agency securities 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash and cash equivalents 

United States treasury securities 

Agency securities 

Corporate notes and bonds 

Commercial paper 

Total marketable securities 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES 

Contingent consideration related to acquisitions 

Convertible senior notes, net, noncurrent 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Balance At 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets 

Significant Other Observable Inputs 

Unobservable Inputs 

March 31, 2022 

(Level 1) 

(Level 2) 

(Level 3) 

ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents (1) 

Restricted cash and cash equivalents 

TOTAL ASSETS 

(1) 

We classify our highly liquid money market funds within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued based on quoted market prices in active markets. We classify our United States treasury securities, corporate notes and bonds, agency securities, and commercial paper within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using inputs other than quoted prices that are directly or indirectly observable in the market, including readily available pricing sources for the identical underlying security that may not be actively traded. During the year ended March 31, 2022, we recorded a fair value adjustment of for the contingent consideration liability related to the acquisition of Topaz based on actual earnout achievement. The contingent consideration liability of was fully settled as of March 31, 2022. 

Fair value adjustments 

Payment of Topaz contingent consideration 

() 

Balance at March 31, 2022 

As of March 31, 2023, the contingent consideration liability balance of relates to the acquisition of TSI Healthcare, LLC (See Note 8) and reflects a post-acquisition fair value adjustment. 

Acquisition 

Fair value adjustments 

Balance at March 31, 2023 

The categorization of the framework used to measure fair value of the contingent consideration liability is within the Level 3 valuation hierarchy due to the subjective nature of the unobservable inputs used. We assess the fair value of the contingent consideration liability on a recurring basis and any adjustments to fair value subsequent to the measurement period are reflected in the consolidated statements of net income and comprehensive income. Key assumptions included probability-adjusted achievement estimates of applicable revenue targets that were not observable in the market. The fair value adjustments to contingent consideration liabilities are included as a component of selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of net income and comprehensive income. There are other assets or liabilities accounted for utilizing unobservable inputs (Level 3). We believe that the fair value of our other financial assets and liabilities, including accounts receivable, accounts payable, and line of credit, approximate their respective carrying values due to their nominal credit risk. Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements We have certain assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets, which are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis and are adjusted to fair value only if an impairment charge is recognized. The categorization of the framework used to measure fair value of the assets is considered to be within the Level 3 valuation hierarchy due to the subjective nature of the unobservable inputs used. 

United States treasury securities 

Money market funds 

Corporate notes and bonds 

Agency securities 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

United States treasury securities 

() 

Agency securities 

() 

Corporate notes and bonds 

() 

Commercial paper 

() 

Total marketable securities 

() 

Total investments 

() 

We do not intend to sell, nor is it more likely than not that we will be required to sell, any investments in unrealized loss positions prior to the recovery of their amortized cost basis. We did not recognize any credit losses related to our investments during the year ended March 31, 2023. The unrealized losses on our investments were due to changes in interest rates and market conditions subsequent to initial purchase. None of the investments held as of March 31, 2023 were in a continuous unrealized loss position for greater than 12 months. Realized gains from the sale of our investments that were reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive loss were not significant during the year ended March 31, 2023. 

Due after one year through five years 

Total 

78 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 , , and for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Short-term lease costs 

Variable lease costs 

Less: Sublease income 
 
 () 

() 

Total operating lease costs 

Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

We have operating lease agreements for our offices in the United States and India with lease periods expiring between and . As of March 31, 2023, our operating leases had a weighted average remaining lease term of years and a weighted average discount rate of . 

2025 

2026 

Total future lease payments 

Less interest 
 
 () 

Total lease liabilities 

As of March 31, 2023, we have entered into a lease that has not yet commenced with future lease payments of that are not reflected in the table above. This lease is primarily related to office real estate and will commence in fiscal with a lease term of up to . During the year ended March 31, 2023, we vacated portions of certain leased locations and recorded impairments of to our right-of-use assets and certain related fixed assets associated with the vacated locations, or portions thereof, in St. Louis, Atlanta, Horsham, Hunt Valley, Chapel Hill, Irvine and Bangalore based on projected sublease rental income and estimated sublease commencement dates and the remeasurement of our operating lease liabilities associated with the modification and early termination of certain leases. The impairment analyses were performed at the asset group level and the impairment charges were estimated by comparing the fair value of each asset group based on the expected cash flows to its respective book value. We determined the discount rate for each asset group based on the approximate interest rate on a collateralized basis with similar remaining terms and payments as of the impairment date. Significant judgment was required to estimate the fair value of each asset group and actual results could vary from the estimates, resulting in potential future adjustments to amounts previously recorded. During the year ended March 31, 2022, we vacated portions of certain leased locations and recorded impairments of to our right-of-use assets and certain related fixed assets associated with the vacated locations, or portions thereof, in Irvine, Horsham, Atlanta, Fairport, Hunt Valley, Bangalore, and St. Louis based on projected sublease rental income and estimated sublease commencement dates. During the year ended March 31, 2021, as part of our response to the COVID-19 pandemic and ongoing cost reduction efforts, we vacated our Cary office, portions of our Irvine and Horsham offices, and the remainder of our San Diego office. We recorded impairments of to our operating right-of-use assets and certain related fixed assets associated with the vacated locations based on projected sublease rental income and estimated sublease commencement dates and the remeasurement of our operating lease liabilities associated with the modification of certain lease expiration dates. 

 , we completed the acquisition of TSI Healthcare, LLC TSI pursuant to a securities purchase agreement dated November 30, 2022. TSI is based in Chapel Hill, NC and is a value-added reseller of NextGen Practice Management and Electronic Health Record software and solutions. The preliminary purchase price was , subject to customary working capital and other adjustments. Additionally, under the provisions of the securities purchase agreement, we may pay up to an additional of cash contingent consideration in the form of an earnout, subject to TSI achieving certain revenue targets through March 2025. The initial fair value of the contingent consideration was , which was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation in a risk-neutral framework. The preliminary purchase price of TSI is summarized in the table below. The acquisition of TSI was funded by cash flows from operations and cash proceeds from our convertible senior notes (see Note 12). We accounted for the acquisition as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. The purchase price allocation of TSI is deemed to be preliminary. The preliminary purchase price was allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The preliminary fair values of acquired assets and liabilities assumed represent management s estimate of fair value and are subject to change as we finalize the valuation or if additional information about the facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date become available. We expect to finalize the purchase price allocation as soon as practicable within the measurement period, but not later than one year following the acquisition date. Identifiable intangible assets acquired from TSI include re-acquired rights, customer relationships, and data health database. The fair values of the acquired intangible assets were determined using the distributor method of the income approach for customer relationships and the multi-period excess earnings method of the income approach for re-acquired rights and the data health database. The valuation model inputs involved the use of significant assumptions, such as distributor margin and discount rate for customer relationships and revenue forecasts, cost of sales and operating expenses as a percentage of revenue, distributor margin, and discount rate for re-acquired rights, which required the application of significant judgment by management. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Goodwill primarily represents, among other factors, the value of synergies expected to be realized and the assemblage of all assets that enable us to create new client relationships, neither of which qualify as separate amortizable intangible assets. Goodwill arising from the acquisition of TSI is considered deductible for tax purposes. 

Fair value of contingent consideration 

Payment for option to early terminate lease 

Working capital adjustment 
 
 () 

Total preliminary purchase price 

Preliminary fair value of the net tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Contract assets 

Prepaid expense and other assets 

Equipment and improvements 

Contract assets, net of current 

Operating lease assets 

Deferred income tax asset 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 
 
 () 

Accrued compensation and related benefits 
 
 () 

Contract liabilities 
 
 () 

Operating lease liabilities 
 
 () 

Other current liabilities 
 
 () 

Contract liabilities, net of current 
 
 () 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current 
 
 () 

Total preliminary net tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed 
 
 () 

Preliminary fair value of identifiable intangible assets acquired: 

Goodwill 

Re-acquired rights 

Customer relationships 

Data health database 

Total identifiable intangible assets acquired 

Total preliminary purchase price 

The re-acquired rights intangible asset will be amortized over years, the acquired customer relationships intangible assets will be amortized over years, and the acquired data health database intangible asset will be amortized over years. The weighted average amortization period for the acquired TSI intangible assets is years. We incurred of acquisition related costs during the year ended March 31, 2023, which are included as a component of selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of net income and comprehensive income. The results of operations of TSI have been included in our consolidated results of operations since the date of acquisition. The results of operations of TSI were not material to our consolidated results of operations for the year ended March 31, 2023. Disposition of Commercial Dental Assets On July 26, 2022, we executed an Asset Purchase Agreement for the sale of certain non-strategic dental related Commercial Dental assets for , subject to certain holdback and other adjustments. Total consideration consisted of in cash received and additional cash expected to be received approximately twelve months from the close date. We recognized a preliminary gain on disposition of in our consolidated statement of net income and comprehensive income as a component of other income (expense). The gain was measured as the total consideration received and expected to be received, less net assets and liabilities included in the transaction, consisting primarily of previously capitalized dental related software development costs, and contract liabilities, less direct incremental transaction costs. The impact of the disposition was not significant and does not qualify for reporting as a discontinued operation because it did not represent a strategic shift that would have a major effect on our operations and financial results. 

 segment and have a single reporting unit. The measures evaluated by our chief operating decision maker CODM ), consisting of the Chief Executive Officer, to assess company performance and make decisions about the allocation of resources include consolidated revenue and consolidated operating results. During the quarter ended June 30, 2022, we performed a qualitative assessment, which indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair value of goodwill exceeded its net carrying value and, therefore, additional impairment testing was not deemed necessary. We also did not identify any events or circumstances that would require an interim goodwill impairment test. We do not amortize goodwill as it has been determined to have an indefinite useful life. The carrying amount of goodwill as of March 31, 2023 was . The carrying amount of goodwill as of March 31, 2022 was . The increase in our goodwill balance in the current fiscal year was due to our acquisition of TSI (see Note 8). 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net intangible assets 

March 31, 2022 

Customer Relationships 

Trade Names 

Software Technology 

Total 

Gross carrying amount 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net intangible assets 

Amortization expense related to the customer relationships, trade names, and re-acquired rights intangible assets recorded as operating expenses in the consolidated statements of net income and comprehensive income was , , and for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense related to the software technology and data health database intangible assets recorded as cost of revenue was , , and for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. During the year ended March 31, 2023, we retired of fully amortized software technology related to our Entrada acquisition and of fully amortized software technology related to our EagleDream acquisition. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and beyond 

Total 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Net capitalized software costs 

Amortization expense related to capitalized software costs was , , and for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, and is recorded as cost of revenue in the consolidated statements of net income and comprehensive income. During the year ended March 31, 2023, we retired of fully amortized capitalized software costs that are no longer being utilized by our client base. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

in aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 Notes ). The Notes were issued pursuant to, and are governed by, an indenture, dated as of November 1, 2022 Indenture ), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. Net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes were approximately , after deducting issuance costs totaling . per annum, payable in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, beginning on May 15, 2023. The Notes will mature on , unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. Noteholders may convert their notes at their option only in the following circumstances: during any calendar quarter (and only during such calendar quarter) commencing after the calendar quarter ending on December 31, 2022, if the last reported sale price per share of our common stock exceeds of the conversion price for each of at least trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter; 

 during the consecutive business days immediately after any consecutive trading day period (such 10 consecutive trading day period, the measurement period in which the trading price per principal amount of notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price per share of our common stock on such trading day and the conversion rate on such trading day; 

 upon the occurrence of certain corporate events or distributions on our common stock, as described in the Indenture; 

 if we call such notes for redemption; and 

 at any time from, and including, August 16, 2027 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. 

 We will settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash and, if applicable, shares of common stock, at our election, based on the applicable conversion rate(s). However, upon conversion of any Notes, the conversion value, which will be determined over an observation period consisting of trading days, will be paid in cash up to at least the principal amount of the Notes being converted. The initial conversion rate is shares of common stock per principal amount of Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock. The conversion rate and conversion price will be subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. In addition, if certain corporate events that constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then the conversion rate will, in certain circumstances, be increased for a specified period of time. The customary make-whole adjustments were designed in a manner such that the additional number of shares is consistent with the lost time value of the conversion option. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in no event will the conversion rate be increased to a number that exceeds shares of our common stock per principal amount of Notes. The Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part (subject to certain limitations described below), at our option at any time, and from time to time, on or after November 20, 2025, and before the 61st scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, but only if the last reported sale price per share of our common stock exceeds of the conversion price on (i) each of at least trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date we send the related redemption notice; and (ii) the trading day immediately before the date we send such notice. However, we may not redeem less than all of the outstanding Notes unless at least aggregate principal amount of Notes are outstanding and not called for redemption as of the time we send the related redemption notice. The redemption price will be a cash amount equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. In addition, calling any Note for redemption will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change with respect to that Note, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that Note will be increased in certain circumstances if it is converted with a conversion date that is on or after the date we send the related redemption notice and on or before the second business day immediately before the related redemption date. If we elect to redeem less than all of the outstanding Notes, then the redemption will not constitute a make-whole fundamental change with respect to the Notes not called for redemption, and holders of the Notes not called for redemption will not be entitled to an increased conversion rate for such Notes on account of the redemption. If certain corporate events that constitute a Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then, subject to certain exceptions, noteholders may require us to repurchase their Notes at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. The definition of Fundamental Change includes certain business combination transactions involving the Company and certain de-listing events with respect to our common stock. The Notes will be our senior, unsecured obligations and will be (i) equal in right of payment with our existing and future senior, unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior in right of payment to our existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the Notes; (iii) effectively subordinated to our existing and future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables. 

Unamortized issuance costs 

() 

Carrying value, net 

The debt issuance costs of the Notes are being amortized using the effective interest method. The effective interest rate of the Notes is . Interest expense related to the Notes was for the year ended March 31, 2023. Amortization of debt issuance costs related to the Notes was for the year ended March 31, 2023. Line of Credit On March 12, 2021, we entered into a second amended and restated revolving credit agreement (the Credit Agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), U.S. Bank National Association and Bank of the West, as co-syndication agents, and certain other agents and lenders. The Credit Agreement replaces our prior amended and restated revolving credit agreement, originally entered into on January 4, 2016 and amended on March 29, 2018. The Credit Agreement provides a subfacility of up to for letters of credit and a subfacility of up to for swing-line loans. The Credit Agreement also provides us with the ability to obtain up to in the aggregate of additional revolving credit commitments and/or term loans thereunder (i.e., in excess of upon satisfaction of certain conditions, including receipt of commitments from new or existing lenders to provide such additional revolving credit commitments and/or term loans. The Credit Agreement contains provisions to accommodate the replacement of the existing LIBOR-based rate with a SOFR based rate upon a triggering event. On May 17, 2022, we entered into that certain Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement (the First Amendment with the Administrative Agent and the lenders party thereto to amend the existing Credit Agreement. The First Amendment modifies the Credit Agreement to increase our net leverage ratio maintenance covenant from x to x and increase the related adjusted covenant period option (available upon the consummation of certain acquisitions) from x to x, in each case, commencing with the reporting period ending June 30, 2022. The First Amendment also makes certain updates to the conditions restricting the making of certain dividends, distributions, and other restricted payments by the Company so that such conditions are based on the our net leverage ratio (as set forth in the Credit Agreement) rather than our total leverage ratio, to increase the dollar cap for such restricted payments that can be made without satisfying leverage conditions from to , and to increase flexibility in cash netting calculations in connection with the making of restricted payments. On October 27, 2022, the Company entered into that certain Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement (the Second Amendment with the Administrative Agent and the lenders party thereto. The Second Amendment modifies the Credit Agreement to make certain updates to the conditions restricting the making of certain dividends, distributions, and other restricted payments by the Company so that the Company s compliance with the net leverage ratio governor contained in such conditions is calculated net of the net cash proceeds of the Notes issued pursuant to the Indenture. The Credit Agreement matures on and the full balance of the revolving loans and all other obligations under the Credit Agreement must be paid at that time. In addition, we are required to prepay the revolving loan balance if at any time the aggregate principal amount outstanding under the Credit Agreement exceeds the aggregate commitments thereunder. The Credit Agreement is secured by substantially all of our existing and future property and our material domestic subsidiaries. The revolving loans under the Credit Agreement will be available for letters of credit, permitted acquisitions, working capital and general corporate purposes. We were in compliance with all financial and non-financial covenants under the Credit Agreement as of March 31, 2023. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, we had outstanding loans and of unused credit under the Credit Agreement. During the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, we recorded , , and of interest expense (excluding amortization of deferred debt issuance costs), respectively. The weighted average interest rates were approximately , , and for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Costs incurred in connection with securing the Credit Agreement, including fees paid to legal advisors and third parties, are deferred and amortized to interest expense over the term of the Credit Agreement. Deferred debt issuance costs are reported as a component of other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. As of March 31, 2023, total unamortized debt issuance costs were . As of March 31, 2022, total unamortized debt issuance costs were . During the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, we recorded , , and , respectively, in amortization of deferred debt issuance costs, including amounts written off for the year ended March 31, 2021. 

Restricted cash and cash equivalents 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Capitalized commissions costs 

Accrued interest on marketable securities 

Other current assets 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Internal-use software 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture and fixtures 

Equipment and improvements, gross 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Equipment and improvements, net 

Deposits 

Debt issuance costs 

Other noncurrent assets 

Other assets 

Accrued vacation 

Accrued commissions 

Accrued payroll and other 

Deferred payroll taxes 

Accrued compensation and related benefits 

Care services liabilities 

Customer credit balances and deposits 

Sales returns reserves and other customer liabilities 

Accrued interest payable 

Accrued consulting and outside services 

Accrued royalties 

Accrued employee benefits and withholdings 

Accrued EDI expense 

Accrued outsourcing costs 

Accrued self insurance expense 

Accrued taxes payable 

Accrued hosting costs 

Accrued legal expense 

Other accrued expenses 

Other current liabilities 

Uncertain tax positions 

Contingent consideration related to acquisitions, noncurrent 

Other liabilities 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

(1) 

State taxes 

Foreign taxes 

Total current taxes 

Deferred: 

Federal taxes 

() 

() 

State taxes 

() 

() 

Foreign taxes 

() 

Total deferred taxes 

() 

() 

Provision for (benefit of) income taxes 

() 

Items affecting federal income tax rate: 

Impact of legal and audit settlements 

() 

Impact of foreign withholding tax 

Executive compensation limitation 

Impact of net operating loss adjustment 

() 

() 

State income taxes 

Impact of foreign operations 

() 

Compensation 

Non-deductible expenses 

() 

() 

Impact of deferred adjustments 

() 

() 

Impact of amended returns 

() 

() 

Impact of valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Impact of uncertain tax positions 

() 

Return to provision true-ups 

() 

() 

() 

Research and development tax credits 

() 

() 

() 

Provision for (benefit of) income taxes 

() 
 
 (1) Federal statutory rate was for March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 

Capitalized software 

() 

Deferred revenue 

Research and development credit 

Accrued legal settlement 

Net operating losses 

Operating lease liabilities 

Foreign deferred taxes 

Allowance for credit losses 

Accounts receivable 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Prepaid expense 

() 

() 

Intangibles assets 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Operating right-of-use assets 

() 

() 

Accelerated depreciation 

() 

() 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Deferred tax assets, net 

The deferred tax assets and liabilities have been shown net in the consolidated balance sheets as noncurrent. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, we had federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards of and , respectively. The federal NOL carryforwards were inherited in connection with our acquisitions of HealthFusion in January 2016, Gennius in March 2015, Entrada in April 2017, EagleDream in August 2017, and Medfusion in December 2019. The NOL carryforwards expire in various amounts starting in fiscal 2030 for both federal and state tax purposes. As of March 31, 2023, we had state NOL carryforwards of approximately (tax effected), related to the HealthFusion, Entrada, EagleDream, and Medfusion acquisitions. The utilization of the federal NOL carryforwards is subject to limitations under the rules regarding changes in stock ownership as determined by the Internal Revenue Code. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the research and development tax credit carryforward available to offset future federal and state taxes was and , respectively. The federal credits include credits inherited in connection with our acquisition of Medfusion in December 2019. The credits expire in various amounts starting in fiscal 2034. We expect to receive the full benefit of the deferred tax assets recorded with the exception of certain foreign and state credits and state NOL carryforwards for which we have recorded a valuation allowance. A one-time transition tax was recognized on our United States income tax on the deemed repatriated cumulative foreign earnings as a result of the Tax Reforms of the Tax Cut and Jobs Act s (TCJA) during fiscal year March 31, 2018. The Company has historically intended and asserted a business practice of indefinite reinvestment of the earnings of its foreign subsidiaries. During the last quarter of fiscal year March 31, 2023 the foreign business operations influenced the Company s reevaluation of its historic assertion of indefinite reinvestment. At March 31, 2023, the Company has a tax provision for United States state and/or foreign withholding taxes on approximately of the offshore foreign earnings, a declared dividend and the initial recognition of a deferred tax liability resulting from the change in the indefinite reversal assertion. The Company will continue to assess its future assertion regarding its intent and ability to reinvest its foreign earnings. The Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019 was enacted on December 12, 2019 to lower corporate tax rates in India. Beginning March 31, 2023, we opted to elect for the reduced tax rate. The election was not made for various factors for the year ended 2022. Uncertain tax positions 

Additions for prior year tax positions 

Additions for current year tax positions 

Reductions for prior year tax positions 

() 

Balance as of March 31, 2021 

Additions for prior year tax positions 

Additions for current year tax positions 

Reductions for prior year tax positions 

() 

Balance as of March 31, 2022 

Additions for prior year tax positions 

Additions for current year tax positions 

Reductions for prior year tax positions 

() 

Balance as of March 31, 2023 

During the year ended March 31, 2023, we recorded additional net receivables of related to various federal, foreign, and state tax planning benefits recorded in the current year for current and prior year tax positions. If recognized, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefit that would decrease the income tax provision is . Our practice is to recognize interest related to income tax matters as interest expense in the consolidated statements of net income and comprehensive income. We had approximately and of accrued interest related to income tax matters as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We recognized interest expense of , interest expense of , and interest income of in the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to income tax matters in the consolidated statements of net income and comprehensive income. penalties related to income tax matters were accrued or recognized in our consolidated financial statements for all periods presented. We are subject to taxation in federal, various state, India, and United Kingdom jurisdictions. We are no longer subject to United States federal income tax examinations or other foreign tax authorities for tax years before fiscal year ended 2019. With a few exceptions, we are no longer subject to state or local income tax examinations for tax years before fiscal year ended 2018. We do not anticipate the total unrecognized tax benefits to significantly change due to the settlement of audits or the expiration of statute of limitations . Expected timing of cash payments related to the settlement of unrecognized tax benefits is noncurrent and/or unknown. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 Changes in tax law and rates may affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities and our effective tax rate in the future. On August 16, 2022, the United States government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 that includes changes to the United States corporate income tax system, including a fifteen percent minimum tax based on adjusted financial statement income, which is effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, and a one percent excise tax on repurchases of stock after December 31, 2022. The Company has completed its evaluation of the Inflation Reduction Act and its requirements, as well as its application to our business and determined there were no material impacts at March 31, 2023. 

 , and were made by the Company to the 401(k) plan for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Net contributions for the year ended March 31, 2022 reflect an additional discretionary Company contribution made to eligible employees. We have a deferred compensation plan (the Deferral Plan for the benefit of those employees who qualify. Participating employees may defer up to of their salary and of their annual bonus for a Deferral Plan year. In addition, we may, but are not required to, make contributions into the Deferral Plan on behalf of participating employees, and the amount of the Company match is discretionary and subject to change. Each employee's deferrals together with earnings thereon are accrued as part of our long-term liabilities. Investment decisions are made by each participating employee from a family of mutual funds. The deferred compensation liability was and at March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. To offset this liability, we have purchased life insurance policies on some of the participants. The Company is the owner and beneficiary of the policies and the cash values are intended to produce cash needed to help make the benefit payments to employees when they retire or otherwise leave the Company. We intend to hold the life insurance policy until the death of the plan participant. The cash surrender value of the life insurance policies for deferred compensation was and at March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The values of the life insurance policies and our related obligations are included on the consolidated balance sheets in long-term other assets and long-term deferred compensation, respectively. We made contributions of , and to the Deferral Plan for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

 shares of common stock were reserved for the issuance of awards, including incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, unrestricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units (including performance options) and other share-based awards. The 2005 Plan provides that our employees and directors may, at the discretion of the Board of Directors Board or a duly designated compensation committee, be granted certain share-based awards. In the case of option awards granted under the 2005 Plan, the exercise price of each option is determined based on the date of grant and expire no later than years from the date of grant. Awards granted pursuant to the 2005 Plan are subject to the vesting schedule or performance metrics set forth in the agreements pursuant to which they are granted. Upon a change of control of our Company, as such term is defined in the 2005 Plan, awards under the 2005 Plan will fully vest under certain circumstances. The 2005 Plan expired on . As of March 31, 2023, there were outstanding options under the 2005 Plan. In August 2015, our shareholders approved a stock option and incentive plan (the 2015 Plan under which shares of common stock were reserved for the issuance of awards, including incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards and restricted stock unit awards, performance stock awards and other share-based awards. In August 2017, our shareholders approved an amendment to the 2015 Plan, to, among other items, increase the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance thereunder by shares, which was further amended in August 2019 as approved by our shareholders, to, among other items, increase the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance thereunder by an additional shares. In October 2021, our shareholders approved an amendment and restatement of the Company s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the Amended 2015 Plan ), to, among other items, increase the number of common stock reserved for issuance thereunder by an additional shares. The Amended 2015 Plan provides that our employees and directors may, at the discretion of the Board or a duly designated compensation committee, be granted certain share-based awards. In the case of option awards granted under the Amended 2015 Plan, the exercise price of each option is determined based on the date of grant and expire no later than years from the date of grant. Awards granted pursuant to the Amended 2015 Plan are subject to the vesting schedule or performance metrics set forth in the agreements pursuant to which they are granted. Upon a change of control of our Company, as such term is defined in the Amended 2015 Plan, awards under the Amended 2015 Plan will fully vest under certain circumstances. As of March 31, 2023, there were outstanding options, outstanding shares of restricted stock awards, certain outstanding performance stock unit awards as described further below, and shares available for future grant under the Amended 2015 Plan. In September 2021, the Board adopted the 2021 Employment Inducement Equity Incentive Plan (the Inducement Plan and initially reserved shares of common stock for issuance under the Inducement Plan. The Inducement Plan was adopted by the Board without stockholder approval pursuant to Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules. In accordance with Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules, awards under the Inducement Plan may only be made to an employee who has not previously been an employee or member of the Board or the Board of Directors or any parent or subsidiary, or following a bona fide period of non-employment by the Company or a parent or subsidiary, if he or she is granted such award in connection with his or her commencement of employment with the Company or a subsidiary and such grant is an inducement material to his or her entering into employment with the Company or such subsidiary. The terms of the Inducement Plan are substantially similar to the terms of our Amended 2015 Plan, with the exception that incentive stock options may not be granted under the Inducement Plan. As of March 31, 2023, there were outstanding shares of restricted stock awards, outstanding performance stock unit awards, and shares available for future grant under the Inducement Plan. Stock-Based Compensation 

Research and development costs 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total share-based compensation 

Income tax benefit 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Decrease in net income 

Share-based compensation expense under our equity incentive plans is based on the number awards that ultimately vest and forfeitures are accounted for as they occur. Stock Options 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited/Canceled 

() 

Expired 

() 

Outstanding, March 31, 2021 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited/Canceled 

() 

Expired 

() 

Outstanding, March 31, 2022 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited/Canceled 

() 

Expired 

() 

Outstanding, March 31, 2023 

Vested and expected to vest, March 31, 2023 

Exercisable, March 31, 2023 

Share-based compensation expense related to stock options was , and for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. There were stock options granted during the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited/Canceled 

() 

Outstanding, March 31, 2021 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited/Canceled 

() 

Outstanding, March 31, 2022 

Vested 

() 

Outstanding, March 31, 2023 

The total fair value of options vested during the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was , , and , respectively. Restricted Stock Awards 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Canceled 

() 

Outstanding, March 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Canceled 

() 

Outstanding, March 31, 2022 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Canceled 

() 

Outstanding, March 31, 2023 

Share-based compensation expense related to restricted stock awards was , , and for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The weighted-average grant date fair value for the restricted stock awards was estimated using the market price of the common stock on the date of grant. The fair value of the restricted stock awards is amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, which is generally between one to . As of March 31, 2023, of total unrecognized compensation costs related to restricted stock awards is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. This amount does not include the cost of new restricted stock awards that may be granted in future periods. The total fair value of restricted stock awards vested as of the vesting dates were , and for the years ended March 31, 2023, 20221, and 2021. Net Share Settlements Restricted stock awards and performance stock units are generally net share-settled upon vesting to cover the required withholding taxes, and the remaining share amount is transferred to the employee. The majority of restricted stock awards and performance stock units that vested during the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 were net-share settled such that we withheld shares with value equivalent to the employees applicable income tax obligations for the applicable income and other employment taxes and remitted the equivalent amount of cash to the appropriate taxing authorities. Total payments for the employees applicable income tax obligations are reflected as a financing activity within the consolidated statements of cash flows. The total shares withheld during the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 were , and , respectively, and were based on the value of the restricted stock awards and performance stock units on their vesting date as determined by our closing stock price. These net-share settlements had the effect of share repurchases by us as they reduced the number of shares that would have otherwise been issued at the vesting date. Performance Stock Units and Awards On December 29, 2016, the Compensation Committee of the Board granted performance stock awards to certain executive officers, of which shares are currently outstanding and shares were ultimately earned and issued during the performance period. The performance stock awards vested in four equal increments on each of the first four anniversaries of the grant date, subject in each case to the executive officer s continued service and achievement of certain Company performance goals, including strong stock price performance. On October 23, 2018, the Compensation Committee of the Board approved performance stock unit awards to be granted to certain executives and non-executive members of the executive leadership team, of which no shares are currently outstanding and no shares were ultimately earned or issued during the performance period. Approximately of the performance stock units were tied to our cumulative 3-year total shareholder return, were tied to our fiscal year 2021 revenue, and were tied to our fiscal year 2021 adjusted earnings per share goals, each as specifically defined in the equity award agreements. The number of shares to be issued was to vary between and of the number of performance stock units depending on performance, and no such shares were to be issued if threshold performance was not achieved. The weighted-average grant date fair value of the awards was per share, which was estimated using a Monte Carlo-based valuation model for the awards based on total shareholder return and using a probability-adjusted achievement rate combined with the market price of the common stock on the date of grant for the awards based on revenue and earnings per share targets. On December 26, 2019 and January 27, 2020, the Compensation Committee of the Board approved a total of performance stock unit awards to be granted to certain executives and non-executive members of the executive leadership team, which vest only in the event certain performance goals are achieved and with continuous service through the date the goals are certified. Approximately of the performance stock units are tied to the Company s fiscal year 2021 revenue goal and are tied to the Company s fiscal year 2022 revenue goal. Performance stock unit awards funded for fiscal year 2021 and fiscal year 2022 revenue performance will be modified for cumulative 3-year total shareholder return TSR on the grant anniversary, which is also the cliff vest date. The number of shares to be issued may vary between and of the number of performance stock units depending on performance, and no such shares will be issued if threshold performance is not achieved. The weighted-average grant date fair value of the awards was per share, which was estimated using a Monte Carlo-based valuation model for the awards based on total shareholder return and using a probability-adjusted achievement rate combined with the market price of the common stock on the date of grant for the awards based on revenue targets. The performance period for these awards ended December 27, 2022 and units were earned and issued as shares during the year ended March 31, 2023. further shares will be issued under this grant. On October 26, 2020, the Compensation Committee of the Board approved performance stock unit awards to be granted to certain executives and non-executive members of the executive leadership team, which vest only in the event certain performance goals are achieved and with continuous service through the date the goals are certified. Approximately of the performance stock units are tied to the Company s fiscal year 2022 revenue goal and are tied to the Company s fiscal year 2023 revenue goal. Performance stock unit awards funded for fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2023 revenue performance will be modified for cumulative TSR on the three-year grant date anniversary, which is also the cliff vest date. The number of shares to be issued may vary between and of the number of target performance stock units depending on performance, and no such shares will be issued if threshold performance is not achieved. The weighted-average grant date fair value of the awards was per share, which was estimated using a Monte Carlo-based valuation model for the awards based on total shareholder return and using a probability adjusted achievement rate combined with the market price of the common stock on the date of grant for the awards based on revenue targets. On September 20, 2021, the Compensation Committee of the Board approved an award of performance stock units to be granted to our Chief Executive Officer under the Inducement Plan. The award has a grant date of September 22, 2021 and portions of the award vest upon both the attainment of five separate pre-determined stock price milestones during a five-year performance period and continued service over a period of following the grant date. The fair value and derived service period for each share-price milestone tranche was estimated separately using a Monte-Carlo based valuation model. The expense for each share-price milestone tranche is amortized over the longer of the derived service period or the explicit service period. The weighted-average grant date fair value of the award was per share. During the year ended March 31, 2023, units were earned and issued as shares. On October 26, 2021, the Compensation Committee of the Board approved performance stock units to be granted to certain members of the executive leadership team. The awards have a grant date of November 2, 2021 and portions of the award vest upon both the attainment of four separate pre-determined stock price milestones through September 22, 2026 and continued service over a period of following the grant date. The fair value and derived service period for each share-price milestone tranche was estimated separately using a Monte-Carlo based valuation model. The expense for each share-price milestone tranche is amortized over the longer of the derived service period or the explicit service period. The weighted-average grant date fair value of the award was per share. During the year ended March 31, 2023, units were earned and issued as shares. On October 25, 2022, the Compensation Committee of the Board approved target performance stock unit awards to be granted to certain executives and non-executive members of the executive leadership team. The awards have a grant date of October 28, 2022 and vest only in the event certain performance goals are achieved and with continuous service through the date the goals are certified. Approximately of the performance stock units are tied to the Company s fiscal year 2025 revenue goal and are tied to the Company s fiscal year 2025 EBITDA goal. Performance stock unit awards funded will be modified for cumulative 3-year TSR on the three-year grant date anniversary, which is also the cliff vest date. The number of shares to be issued may vary between and of the number of target performance stock units depending on performance, and no such shares will be issued if threshold performance is not achieved. The weighted-average grant date fair value of the awards was per share, which was estimated using a Monte Carlo-based valuation model for the awards based on total shareholder return and using a probability adjusted achievement rate combined with the market price of the common stock on the date of grant. Share-based compensation expense related to the performance stock units and awards was , and for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The expense for the year ended March 31, 2022 includes a benefit recognized primarily due to the cancellation of awards associated with the resignation of our former Chief Executive Officer. As of March 31, 2023, of total estimated unrecognized compensation costs related to performance stock units and awards is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. This amount does not include the cost of new performance stock units and awards that may be granted in future periods. Employee Share Purchase Plan On August 11, 2014, our shareholders approved an Employee Share Purchase Plan (the Purchase Plan under which shares of common stock were reserved for future grant. The Purchase Plan allows eligible employees to purchase shares through payroll deductions of up to of total base salary at a price equal to of the lower of the fair market values of the shares as of the beginning or the end of the corresponding offering period. Any shares purchased under the Purchase Plan are subject to a six-month holding period. Employees are limited to purchasing no more than shares on any single purchase date and no more than in total fair market value of shares during any one calendar year. As of March 31, 2023, we have issued shares under the Purchase Plan and shares are available for future issuance. Share-based compensation expense recorded for the employee share purchase plan was , , and for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Share Repurchase Program In October 2021, the Board authorized a share repurchase program under which we may repurchase up to of our outstanding shares of common stock through March 2023. In October 2022, the Board authorized a new share repurchase program under which we may repurchase up to an additional of outstanding shares of our common stock through March 2025. The timing and amount of any share repurchases under the share repurchase programs will be determined by our management at its discretion based on ongoing assessments of the capital needs of the business, the market price of our common stock and general market conditions. Share repurchases under the programs may be made through a variety of methods, which may include open market purchases, in block trades, accelerated share repurchase transactions, exchange transactions, or any combination of such methods. Repurchases may also be made under Rule 10b5-1 plans, which permit shares of common stock to be repurchased through pre-determined criteria. The programs do not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of our common stock, and the share repurchase programs may be suspended or discontinued at any time at our discretion. During the year ended March 31, 2023, we repurchased shares of common stock for a total of at a weighted-average share repurchase price of approximately . During the year ended March 31, 2022, we repurchased shares of common stock for a total of at a weighted-average share repurchase price of approximately . As of March 31, 2023, remained available for share repurchases pursuant to the share repurchase programs. Of the shares repurchased in the year ended March 31, 2022, a total of shares were purchased from a shareholder who previously owned of our total shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately . The shares repurchased represented approximately of our total shares of common stock outstanding at March 31, 2022. 

 93 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 days after delivery. To date, we have not incurred any significant costs associated with our performance guarantee or other related warranties and do not expect to incur significant warranty costs in the future. Therefore, no accrual has been made for potential costs associated with these warranties. Certain arrangements also include performance guarantees related to response time, availability for operational use, and other performance-related guarantees. Certain arrangements also include penalties in the form of maintenance credits should the performance of the software fail to meet the performance guarantees. To date, we have not incurred any significant costs associated with these warranties and do not expect to incur significant warranty costs in the future. Therefore, no accrual has been made for potential costs associated with these warranties. We historically have accepted sales returns under limited circumstances. We estimate expected sales returns and other forms of variable consideration considering our customary business practice and contract-specific facts and circumstances, and we consider such estimated potential returns as variable consideration when allocating the transaction price to the extent it is probable that there will not be a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized. Our standard sales agreements contain an indemnification provision pursuant to which we shall indemnify, hold harmless, and reimburse the indemnified party for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party in connection with any United States patent, any copyright or other intellectual property infringement claim by any third-party with respect to our software. As we have not incurred any significant costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnification agreements, we believe that our estimated exposure on these agreements is currently minimal. Accordingly, we have no liabilities recorded for these indemnification obligations. We also have contingent consideration liabilities related to our acquisitions. Refer to Note 8, Business Combinations and Disposals and Note 5, Fair Value Measurements of our notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for further information. Contingencies In addition to commitments and obligations in the ordinary course of business and routine legal proceedings, we are currently subject to various non-ordinary course legal proceedings, claims and investigations, as described below. We accrue estimates for resolution of any legal proceeding and other contingencies when losses are probable and reasonably estimable in accordance with ASC 450, Contingencies ASC 450 . No less than quarterly, and as facts and circumstances change, we review the status of each significant matter underlying a legal proceeding or claim and assess our potential financial exposure. We accrue a liability for an estimated loss if the potential loss from any legal proceeding or claim is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment is required in both the determination of probability and the determination as to whether the amount of an exposure is reasonably estimable, and accruals are based only on the information available to our management at the time the judgment is made, which may prove to be incomplete, or inaccurate or unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that might cause us to change those estimates and assumptions. The outcome of legal proceedings is inherently uncertain, and we may incur substantial defense costs and expenses defending any of these matters. If one or more of these legal proceedings were resolved against or settled by us in a reporting period for amounts in excess of our management s expectations, our consolidated financial statements for that and subsequent reporting periods could be materially adversely affected. In addition, we could be forced to incur increased compliance costs or change the manner in which we operate our business, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. DOJ Investigation Commencing in April 2017, we have received requests for documents and information from the United States Attorney's Office for the District of Vermont DOJ and other government agencies in connection with an investigation concerning the certification we obtained for our software under the United States Department of Health and Human Services' Electronic Health Record (EHR) Incentive Program. The requests for information relate to, among other things: (a) data used to determine objectives and measures under the Meaningful Use (MU) and the Physician Quality Reporting System (PQRS) programs, (b) our EHR product and its performance, including defects that relate to patient safety or meaningful use certifications, (c) the software code used in certifying our EHR software and information, and (d) marketing programs and payments provided for the referral of EHR business. We continue to respond to the government s requests and are engaged in discussions on the status and potential resolution of their ongoing investigation. In late 2022, the United States Attorney s Office informed NextGen of the existence of a sealed qui tam lawsuit concerning the issues NextGen has been discussing with their Office. While we have not yet reached a final, binding settlement agreement with the DOJ, we have reached an agreement in principle and have recorded legal settlement expense to reflect the anticipated payment to the DOJ if the settlement currently being negotiated is consummated. We also recorded an estimated amount of expense associated with attorneys fees that upon a final settlement would be paid to the private law firm that brought the original qui tam lawsuit. Total expenses recorded in the consolidated statements of net income and comprehensive income was , which consists of approximately in settlement expenses and in legal fees related to the mediation and settlement, and is reflected as accrued legal settlement within other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets as of March 31, 2023. Despite the above, the Company may not be able to reach final agreement with the DOJ on any settlement or otherwise consummate a settlement. If the Company is unable to consummate the settlement, it may face litigation which could lead to material damages, penalties, fines, judgments, or other liabilities. In addition, any potential litigation would require time and effort, which would result in additional costs to us including substantial attorneys fees. The unfavorable resolution of any litigation related to the above could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Security Incident On April 28, 2023, the Company issued written notification to approximately million individuals notifying them that NextGen Healthcare, Inc. had discovered that certain of their personal information (name, address, date of birth, and social security number) had been accessed without authorization during a recent data security incident impacting the NextGen Office system. Following notification of the data breach, NextGen Healthcare, Inc. was named as a defendant in thirteen putative class action lawsuits in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia, all of which assert various claims stemming from the data breach and NextGen Healthcare s alleged failure to safeguard personal information. These lawsuits seek monetary damages, injunctive and declaratory relief, and attorneys fees and costs. We believe we have meritorious defenses to these actions and intend to vigorously oppose the claims asserted in these complaints. We cannot reasonably estimate the range of potential losses that may be associated with these lawsuits because of the early stage of each lawsuit. We also cannot assure you that we will not become subject to other lawsuits, inquiries, or claims relating to or arising from the March incident. Although we maintain cyber-technology liability insurance, it is possible that the ultimate amount paid by us, if we are unsuccessful in defending all of the litigation, will be in excess of our cyber-technology liability insurance coverage applicable to claims of this nature. Hussein Litigation On October 7, 2013, a complaint was filed against our Company and certain of our officers and directors in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Orange, captioned Ahmed D. Hussein v. Sheldon Razin, Steven Plochocki, Quality Systems, Inc. and Does 1-10, inclusive, No. 30-2013-00679600-CU-NP-CJC, by Ahmed Hussein, a former director and significant shareholder of our Company. The amended complaint generally alleges fraud and deceit, constructive fraud, negligent misrepresentation and breach of fiduciary duty in connection with statements made to our shareholders regarding our financial condition and projected future performance. The amended complaint seeks actual damages, exemplary and punitive damages and costs. Hussein s breach of fiduciary duty claims were dismissed on demurrer, and we filed an answer and cross-complaint against Hussein, alleging that he breached fiduciary duties owed to the Company. On September 16, 2015, the Court granted summary judgment with respect to Hussein s remaining claims, dismissing all claims against us. The cross-complaint against Hussein went to trial, but the Court granted judgment in favor of Hussein on our cross-complaint. Final judgment over Hussein s claims and our cross-claims was entered on January 9, 2018. Hussein appealed the order granting summary judgment over his claims, and we appealed the court s decision granting Hussein s motion for judgment on our cross-complaint. On October 8, 2019, the California State Court of Appeal for the Fourth Appellate District, Division Three, reversed the Superior Court s grant of summary judgment on Hussein s affirmative claims and affirmed the trial court s judgment on the Company s breach of fiduciary duty claims against Hussein. As a result, the case returned to the trial court for resolution of Hussein s claims against us. On July 29, 2021, the jury rendered a verdict in favor of the Company and the individual defendants on all counts. Hussein filed a Motion for New Trial, which the Court denied. Hussein has appealed the jury verdict in favor of the Company and the individual defendants. Hussein, the Company, and the individual defendants have appealed the trial court s denial of requests for recovery of costs arising from the litigation. The parties have completed briefing on the various appeals. We expect the California State Court of Appeal for the Fourth Appellate District, Division Three, to hear arguments and issue its ruling on the various appeals in 2023. 

95 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 , consisting of payroll-related costs, such as severance, outplacement costs, and continuing healthcare coverage, associated with the involuntary separation of employees pursuant to a one-time benefit arrangement, within operating expenses in our consolidated statements of net income and comprehensive income. As of March 31, 2023, the remaining restructuring liability associated with payroll-related costs was . During the year ended March 31, 2022, we recorded restructuring costs of , consisting of payroll-related costs, such as severance, outplacement costs, and continuing healthcare coverage, associated with the involuntary separation of employees pursuant to a one-time benefit arrangement, within operating expenses in our consolidated statements of net income and comprehensive income. The payroll-related costs were substantially paid as of March 31, 2023. During the year ended March, 31, 2021, we recorded of restructuring costs, consisting of payroll-related costs, such as severance, outplacement costs, and continuing healthcare coverage, associated with the involuntary separation of employees pursuant to a one-time benefit arrangement within operating expenses in our consolidated statements of net income and comprehensive income, which was related to our decision to execute a reduction in our workforce of less than and other temporary cost reductions in response to the COVID-19 pandemic that we announced in May 2020. These amounts were accrued when it was probable that the benefits would be paid, and the amounts were reasonably estimable. The payroll-related costs were substantially paid as of March 31, 2021. 

 96 
 
 Table of Contents 

() 

March 31, 2022 

() 

March 31, 2021 

() 

Allowance for Credit Losses 

(in thousands) For the year ended 

Balance at Beginning of Year 

Additions Charged to Costs and Expenses 

Deductions 

Balance at End of Year 

March 31, 2023 

() 

March 31, 2022 

() 

March 31, 2021 

() 

Valuation Allowance for Deferred Taxes 

(in thousands) For the year ended 
 
 Balance at Beginning of Year 

Additions Charged to Costs and Expenses 

Acquisition Related Additions 

Deductions 

Balance at End of Year 

March 31, 2023 

() 

March 31, 2022 

() 

March 31, 2021 

() 

97 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 nxgn-ex4_1.htm
 EX-4.1

EX-4.1 

Exhibit 4.1 
 
 Description of the Company s 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to 
 Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act 
 
 The following is a brief description of the capital stock of NextGen Healthcare, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company , we , us , or our and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (our charter ), Amended and Restated Bylaws (our bylaws ), Indenture (as defined below), and form of certificate representing the Notes (as defined below), each of which are incorporated by reference and/or filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit 4.1 is a part. It also summarizes some relevant provisions of the Delaware General Business Corporation Law, which we refer to as Delaware law or DGCL and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the DGCL. Since the terms of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Indenture, form of certificate representing the Notes, and Delaware law are more detailed than the general information provided below, you should only rely on the actual provisions of those documents and Delaware law. 
 General 
 The Company is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated, respectively, common stock and preferred stock. The total number of shares of capital stock which the Company shall have authority to issue is 110,000,000. The total number of shares of common stock that the Company is authorized to issue is 100,000,000, having a par value of 0.01 per share, and the total number of shares of preferred stock that the Company is authorized to issue is 10,000,000, having a par value of 0.01 per share. 
 Common Stock 
 The voting, dividend, liquidation, and other rights and powers of the common stock are subject to and qualified by the rights, powers and preferences of any series of preferred stock as may be designated by the board of directors of the Company (the board of directors and outstanding from time to time. 
 Holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share held of record on all matters on which stockholders are entitled to vote generally, including the election or removal of directors. Except as otherwise required by law, holders of our common stock shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to our charter that relates solely to the rights, powers, preferences (or the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof) or other terms of one or more outstanding series of preferred stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to our charter or pursuant to the DGCL. The holders of our common stock do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. 
 Subject to the rights of any holders of any outstanding series of preferred stock, the number of authorized shares of common stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of the Company entitled to vote, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL. 
 Holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends when and if declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available therefor, subject to limitations under Delaware law and the preferential rights of the holders of any outstanding shares of preferred stock. 
 Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs and after payment in full of all amounts required to be paid to creditors and to the holders of our preferred stock having liquidation preferences, if any, the holders of shares of our common stock will be entitled to receive pro rata our remaining assets available for distribution. 
 All shares of our common stock that are outstanding are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series, each of such series to have such terms as stated or expressed in our charter and in the resolution or resolutions providing for the creation and issuance of such series adopted by the board of directors. Our board of directors may determine and fix the number of shares of such series and such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such designations, preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, including without limitation thereof, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, and to increase or decrease (but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding) the number of shares of any series as shall be stated and expressed in such resolutions, all to the fullest extent now or hereafter permitted by the DGCL. The resolution or resolutions providing for the creation and issuance of any series of preferred stock may 
 
 provide that such series shall be superior or rank equally or be junior to any other series of preferred stock to the extent permitted by law and our charter. Except as otherwise required by law, holders of any series of preferred stock shall be entitled only to such voting rights, if any, as shall expressly be granted by our charter. 
 The number of authorized shares of preferred stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of the Company entitled to vote, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL. 
 Indenture and Notes 
 On November 1, 2022, the Company issued 275,000,000 principal amount of its 3.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the Notes ). The Notes were issued pursuant to, and are governed by, an indenture (the Indenture ), dated as of November 1, 2022, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee ). Pursuant to the purchase agreement between the Company and the initial purchasers of the Notes, the Company granted the initial purchasers an option to purchase, for settlement within a period of 13 days from, and including, the date the Notes are first issued, up to an additional 45,000,000 principal amount of Notes. The Notes issued on November 1, 2022 include 45,000,000 principal amount of Notes issued pursuant to the full exercise by the initial purchasers of such option. 
 The Notes will be the Company s senior, unsecured obligations and will be (i) equal in right of payment with the Company s existing and future senior, unsecured indebtedness; (ii) senior in right of payment to the Company s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the Notes; (iii) effectively subordinated to the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, and (to the extent the Company is not a holder thereof) preferred equity, if any, of the Company s subsidiaries. 
 The Notes will accrue interest at a rate of 3.75 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, beginning on May 15, 2023. The Notes will mature on November 15, 2027, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. Before August 16, 2027, noteholders will have the right to convert their Notes only upon the occurrence of certain events. From and after August 16, 2027, noteholders may convert their Notes at any time at their election until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. The Company will have the right to elect to settle conversions either entirely in cash or in a combination of cash and shares of its common stock. However, upon conversion of any Notes, the conversion value, which will be determined over an Observation Period (as defined in the Indenture) consisting of 60 trading days, will be paid in cash up to at least the principal amount of the Notes being converted. The initial conversion rate is 38.9454 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately 25.68 per share of common stock. The conversion rate and conversion price will be subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. In addition, if certain corporate events that constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then the conversion rate will, in certain circumstances, be increased for a specified period of time. 
 The Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part (subject to certain limitations described below), at the Company s option at any time, and from time to time, on or after November 20, 2025, and before the 61st scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, but only if the last reported sale price per share of the Company s common stock exceeds 130 of the conversion price on (i) each of at least 20 trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends the related redemption notice; and (ii) the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends such notice. However, the Company may not redeem less than all of the outstanding Notes unless at least 100.0 million aggregate principal amount of Notes are outstanding and not called for redemption as of the time the Company sends the related redemption notice. The redemption price will be a cash amount equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. In addition, calling any Note for redemption will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change with respect to that Note, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that Note will be increased in certain circumstances if it is converted with a conversion date that is on or after the date the Company sends the related redemption notice and on or before the second business day immediately before the related redemption date. 
 If certain corporate events that constitute a Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then, subject to a limited exception for certain cash mergers, noteholders may require the Company to repurchase their Notes at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. The definition of Fundamental Change includes certain business combination transactions involving the Company and certain de-listing events with respect to the Company s common stock. 
 
 The Notes will have customary provisions relating to the occurrence of Events of Default (as defined in the Indenture), which include the following: (i) certain payment defaults on the Notes (which, in the case of a default in the payment of interest on the Notes, will be subject to a 30-day cure period); (ii) the Company s failure to send certain notices under the Indenture within specified periods of time; (iii) the Company s failure to comply with certain covenants in the Indenture relating to the Company s ability to consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, lease or otherwise transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another person; (iv) a default by the Company in its other obligations or agreements under the Indenture or the Notes if such default is not cured or waived within 60 days after notice is given in accordance with the Indenture; (v) certain defaults by the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries with respect to indebtedness for borrowed money of at least 50,000,000; (vi) the rendering of certain judgments against the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries for the payment of at least 50,000,000, where such judgments are not paid, discharged or stayed within 60 days after the date on which the right to appeal has expired or on which all rights to appeal have been extinguished; and (vii) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization involving the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries. 
 If an Event of Default involving bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization events with respect to the Company (and not solely with respect to a significant subsidiary of the Company) occurs, then the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding will immediately become due and payable without any further action or notice by any person. If any other Event of Default occurs and is continuing, then, the Trustee, by notice to the Company, or noteholders of at least 25 of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, by notice to the Company and the Trustee, may declare the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding to become due and payable immediately. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may elect, at its option, that the sole remedy for an Event of Default relating to certain failures by the Company to comply with certain reporting covenants in the Indenture consists exclusively of the right of the noteholders to receive special interest on the Notes for up to 365 days at a specified rate per annum not exceeding 0.50 on the principal amount of the Notes. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21>
 3
 nxgn-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

Exhibit 21 
 NEXTGEN HEALTHCARE, INC. 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

NextGen Healthcare Information Systems, LLC 
 
 California 

NXGN Management LLC (f/k/a QSI Management LLC) 
 
 California 

NextGen Cares Foundation, Inc. 
 
 California 

NextGen RCM Services, LLC 
 
 Missouri 

TSI Healthcare, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

NextGen Healthcare India Pvt. Ltd. 
 
 India 

NextGen Interoperability Solutions Limited (f/k/a Mirth Ltd) 
 
 United Kingdom 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 nxgn-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-63131, 333-67115, 333-129752, 333-198181, 333-206419, 333-221145, 333-234308, 333-259675 and 333-260581) of NextGen Healthcare, Inc. of our report dated May 22, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Irvine, California May 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 nxgn-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Required by 
 Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, David Sides, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NextGen Healthcare, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: May 22, 2023 
 By: /s/ David Sides 

David Sides 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 nxgn-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Required by 
 Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, James R. Arnold, Jr., certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NextGen Healthcare, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: May 22, 2023 
 By: /s/ James R. Arnold, Jr. 

James R. Arnold, Jr. 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 nxgn-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of NextGen Healthcare, Inc. (the Company for the year ended March 31, 2023 (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certify in their capacities as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, respectively, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: May 22, 2023 
 By: /s/ David Sides 

David Sides 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: May 22, 2023 
 By: /s/ James R. Arnold, Jr. 

James R. Arnold, Jr. 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signatures that appear in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 nxgn-20230331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 nxgn-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 nxgn-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 nxgn-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 nxgn-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

