<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1365388_0001548123-23-000082.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3718764</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>166169</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>768645</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>824829</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>973860</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>900153</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001548123-23-000082.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417171727
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001548123-23-000082
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			High Sierra Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001365388
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				841344320
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52036
		FILM NUMBER:		23824764

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2560 GREENSBORO DRIVE
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89509
		BUSINESS PHONE:		775-224-4700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2560 GREENSBORO DRIVE
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89509

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Gulf & Orient Steamship Company, Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060607

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001548123-23-000082.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 hsti-20221231.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE 

 ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: , 

 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE 

 ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 89519 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: Common Stock, no par value 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). [X]
No [ ] 

1 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer [ ] Accelerated filer [ ] [X] Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
 led a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over nancial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting rm that prepared
or issued its audit report. 

 If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [ ] No 

Aggregate Market Value of Non-Voting Common Stock
Held by Non-Affiliates 

The market value of the voting and non-voting common
stock held by non-affiliates at such date (June 30, 2022) was , based on 9,356,749 shares then held by non-affiliates,
and a closing bid price of 0.55 per share on June 30, 2022. All of the Company s outstanding shares are voting shares . 

Outstanding Shares 

As of April 14, 2023 the Registrant had 
shares of common stock outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference 

See Part IV, Item 15. 

2 

Table of Contents 

Page 
 
 Part I 

Forward-Looking Statement 
 4 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 15 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 15 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 16 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 19 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 22 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 23 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 44 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 44 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 45 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 45 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 46 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 51 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 52 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 54 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 55 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 56 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 57 

Signatures 
 58 

EXPLANATORY NOTES 

Except as otherwise indicated by context,
references to the Company, we, our, us, Gulf Orient and
words of similar import refer to High Sierra Technologies, Inc., a Colorado corporation (formerly known as Gulf 
Orient Steamship Company, Ltd.), which is the Registrant, its wholly-owned subsidiaries, High Sierra Technologies, Inc., a Nevada
corporation, and Gulf Acquisition, Inc., a Nevada corporation Gulf Acquisition ), which was formed as an acquisition
subsidiary and the 50 interest of High Sierra Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation in the Joint Venture with Hempacco
Co, Inc. in Organipure, Inc., a Nevada corporation. 

3 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS 

 There has been no established trading market in our
common stock for many years. Additionally, many of the approximately 9,356,749 shares issued to non-affiliates in the acquisition of our
wholly-owned subsidiary became saleable under Rule 144 in January 2020, and may now be sold into any trading market that may develop for
our shares. These factors may result in uncertainty and volatility in the trading price of our common stock that may not have any relation
to our current or future prospects. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the following words: anticipate, believe, 
 continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, ongoing, 
 plan, potential, predict, project, should, will, would, 
or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking
statements are not a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or
by, which such performance or results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time the
statements are made and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in
this report. These factors include, among others: 

our ability to raise capital; 

our ability to identify suitable acquisition targets; 

our ability to successfully execute acquisitions on favorable terms; 

declines in general economic conditions in the markets where we may compete; 

unknown environmental liabilities associated with any companies we may acquire; and 

significant competition in the markets where we may operate. 

You should read any other cautionary statements made
in this Annual Report as being applicable to all related forward-looking statements wherever they appear in this Annual Report. We cannot
assure you that the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report will prove to be accurate and therefore prospective investors are
encouraged not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. You should read this Annual Report completely. Other than as required
by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements, even though our situation may change in the future. 

JUMPSTART OUR BUSINESS STARTUPS ACT DISCLOSURE 

 We qualify as an emerging growth company, 
as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), as amended by the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act (the JOBS Act ). An issuer qualifies as an emerging growth company if it has total
annual gross revenues of less than 1.0 billion during its most recently completed fiscal year, and will continue to be deemed an emerging
growth company until the earliest of: 

the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer during which it had total annual gross revenues of 1.235 billion or more; 

the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the issuer pursuant to an effective registration statement; 

the date on which the issuer has, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt; or 

the date on which the issuer is deemed to be a large accelerated filer, as defined in Section 240.12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). 

4 

As an emerging growth company, we are exempt from
various reporting requirements. Specifically, we are exempt from the following provisions: 

Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which requires evaluations and reporting related to an issuer s internal controls; 

Section 14A(a) of the Exchange Act, which requires an issuer to seek shareholder approval of the compensation of its executives not less frequently than once every three years; and 

Section 14A(b) of the Exchange Act, which requires an issuer to seek shareholder approval of its so-called golden parachute compensation, or compensation upon termination of an employee s employment. 

Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies may
delay adopting new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until such time
as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with these new or revised
accounting standards. Since we will not be required to comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which
adoption of such standards is required for other public companies, our financial statements may not be comparable to the financial statements
of companies that comply with public company effective dates. If we were to elect to comply with these public company effective dates,
such election would be irrevocable pursuant to Section 107 of the JOBS Act. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Business Development 

We were incorporated in the State of Colorado on May
9, 1996, with an authorized capital of 55,000,000 shares, comprised of 50,000,000 shares of common stock, and 5,000,000 shares of non-voting
preferred stock, both with no par value per share. We were formed for the primary purpose of engaging in the business of marine transportation
and to provide ocean going shipping of goods internationally. Our proposed business operations were unsuccessful, and we had no material
business operations from March 7, 1997 through December 31, 2018. 

We voluntarily filed our Form 10-SB Registration Statement
so that we could become a reporting issuer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

On December 31, 2018 (the Closing Date 
or Closing ), we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Agreement with High Sierra Technologies, Inc.,
a Nevada corporation High Sierra and all of the shareholders of High Sierra, pursuant to which we acquired 100 of the
issued and outstanding shares of common stock of High Sierra (the Share Exchange or Acquisition ). The Acquisition
of High Sierra was consummated on the same date, and High Sierra is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

The Share Exchange was treated as a recapitalization
of the Company for financial accounting purposes. High Sierra is considered the acquirer for accounting purposes, and our historical financial
statements before the Share Exchange were replaced with the historical financial statements of High Sierra. 

Under the terms of the Agreement, as consideration
for the Acquisition, the shareholders of High Sierra who collectively owned 15,433,025 shares of common stock of High Sierra, received
one (1) share of our common stock for each one (1) share of High Sierra common stock exchanged in the transaction. As a result, the High
Sierra shareholders, as a group, received 15,433,025 shares of our common stock in the exchange, which represented approximately 76.44 
of the 20,189,642 issued and outstanding shares of our common stock immediately following the Acquisition. 

5 

The Agreement provided that at the Closing the Company
would cause its Board of Directors to elect Vincent C. Lombardi to the Company s Board of Directors to serve together with Michael
Vardakis, that the pre-Closing officers of the Company (Michael Vardakis and Melissa Ladakis) would resign, and that the Board of Directors
would appoint Vincent C. Lombardi as Chief Executive Officer and President, and Gregg W. Koechlein as the Chief Financial Officer, Secretary
and Treasurer of the Company. Mr. Koechlein was also appointed as the Chief Operating Officer. This all occurred on the Closing Date. 

On March 25, 2019 a Special Meeting of the Company s
Stockholders was held at which the stockholders voted to change the Company s name to High Sierra Technologies, Inc. and to approve
certain other changes in the Company s Articles of Incorporation which are described in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement.
These changes became effective on April 1, 2019. 

On March 25, 2019 following the shareholder meeting,
Michael Vardakis resigned as a director of the Company. On March 26, 2019, Vincent C. Lombardi, as the only remaining director of the
Company, appointed Gregg W. Koechlein as a director of the Company to fill the vacancy left by Mr. Vardakis resignation. 

Description of Business 

The Company s business is now focused on the
business of its wholly-owned subsidiary, High Sierra Technologies, Inc. High Sierra ). High Sierra was incorporated in the
State of Nevada in August of 2018. It was formed with the intention that it would become the assignee, owner and licensor of certain
Intellectual Property that was, prior to assignment, the property of Vincent C. Lombardi, Ph.D. (the Intellectual Property who is an officer, director and co-founder of High Sierra. High Sierra was further formed with the goal that it would continue to
develop and expand its intellectual property portfolio with an emphasis on the recreational cannabis industry as well as the industrial
hemp industry. 

The current Intellectual Property portfolio consists
of all of the rights, title and interest that Dr. Lombardi had in certain two Provisional Patent Applications (collectively, the Applications ).
 Assignments of both of these applications, which assign their ownership to High Sierra, have been filed with the United States Patent
 Trademark Office. The Applications have since been incorporated into and converted into two all-encompassing Utility Patent Applications
which have been filed with numerous governmental agencies in the United States, Canada and multiple other countries in Europe as is discussed
below (collectively the Utility Patent Application ). As of the date hereof, there have been three United States Patents
issued based on the Utility Patent Application as is also discussed below. As of the date hereof, the Company also has three ongoing Utility
Patent Applications in the United States, Europe and Canada. 

The Intellectual Property 

High Sierra originally owned two Provisional Patent
Applications which it acquired from Dr. Lombardi by way of assignments. The first Application, which was converted into a
Utility Patent Application which subsequently became an issued United States Patent (United States Patent Number 10,737,198), describes
a new and novel cannabis product that is produced by removing or significantly reducing the naturally occurring complement of volatile
organic molecules from cannabis, which primarily consist of terpenes, and are collectively known as the essential oils. This new
and novel cannabis product embodies any product produced from any of the flowering plants of the genus Cannabis , using any convenient
method for removing or significantly reducing the naturally occurring complement of essential oils, and, which at the same time, generally
preserves the naturally occurring complement of cannabinoids in a product that retains the naturally occurring physical structure of cannabis
plant material that is normally consumed by way of smoking (combustion and subsequent inhalation) and also leaves the modified harvested
cannabis plant material undamaged and still in a condition that it can be smoked in the same manner as before it was modified by the process
and/or processes described herein. As used herein, the term cannabis includes industrial hemp which is defined as the plant
 Cannabis sativa L . having a 9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) concentration of not more than 0.3 percent on a dry weight basis Hemp ). 

The second Application, which was converted into a
Utility Patent Application which subsequently became an issued United States Patent (United States Patent Number 10,835,839), describes
a new and novel cannabis product that is produced by further modifying a cannabis product based on the first Application containing cannabis
plant 

6 

material that has been previously modified by removing
or significantly reducing the naturally occurring complement of volatile organic molecules, which primarily consist of terpenes, and are
collectively known as the essential oils, so as to create a low, or no, odor and reduced flavor form of cannabis product. The previously
modified cannabis product is then subjected to additional modification, or modifications, consisting of the addition of volatile organic
molecules, either naturally occurring or synthetically produced, including, but not limited to, essential oils, flavorings or terpenes
and terpenoids so as to cause it to have new and unique odors and flavors. 

By using the techniques and processes covered by the
two Applications and the resulting patents, High Sierra can create a low, or no, odor and reduced flavor form of cannabis, which can be
used in that state or modified to have new and unique odors and flavors. 

High Sierra s Intellectual Property encompasses
the dried cannabis plant material, or flower, that is intended to be smoked, as well as any dried cannabis plant material that is intended
to be smoked and to which flavoring is added. It should be noted that this technology is also applicable to the use of hemp-based products
that are to be smoked both in non-flavored and flavored forms. 

The Applications and the Utility Patent Application
are based on the premise that cannabis (also known as marijuana) which is a preparation of the cannabis plant that encompasses at least
three genera of flowering plant in the family of Cannabaceae including Cannabis sativa , Cannabis indica and Cannabis
ruderalis has a distinct odor and flavor, primarily as a result of several volatile small molecules known as terpenes. These terpenes
are also present in the genus of the flowering plant commonly known as hemp. Although the odor and flavor that results from the
presence of these terpenes is desirable to many users of cannabis and/or hemp, the strong and pungent odor, as well as the distinctive
flavor, is undesirable by others especially due to the fact that the odor lingers after use of cannabis and/or hemp. Additionally, the
characteristic odor makes it obvious that a given individual has recently used cannabis and/or hemp. Since a user of hemp is doing so
for solely medicinal purposes, High Sierra believes this negative characteristic is of even greater importance to a user of a hemp-based
product. Furthermore, the strong and pervasive odor, as well as the distinctive flavor, that results from the presence of these terpenes
represents an obstacle for creating a flavored form of cannabis and/or hemp which High Sierra believes to be desirable. 

High Sierra has engaged the law firm of Oliff PLC
to prosecute its Provisional Patent Applications and its Utility Patent Applications. In January 2019, the two provisional patent Applications
were combined into one broad and all-encompassing Utility Patent Application which was filed with the United States Patent and Trademark
Office, the Canadian Intellectual Property Office and under the provisions of the Patent Cooperation Treaty PCT which
will afford High Sierra additional temporary protection in an additional 152 other countries. In the United States, this all-encompassing
Utility Patent Application was subsequently split into two Utility Patent Applications both of which subsequently resulted in United States
Patents being issued. 

High Sierra s current Intellectual Property
Applications are specific to the dried cannabis plant material where the characteristic odor and flavor have been removed or significantly
reduced as well as products that utilizes the first product. High Sierra believes that its intellectual property may be able to be expanded
to include other opportunities in the cannabis and industrial hemp markets. High Sierra is currently attempting to develop such
products, independently, and through joint venture arrangements. However, the Company can offer no assurance that High Sierra will
be successful in this effort. 

The Company s Patented and Patent Pending products
and the processes by which they are generated are specific to modified forms of cannabis which have little or none of the characteristic
odors common to cannabis, as well as any modified or flavored products produced with the previously modified cannabis products. The Company
believes that these products and processes may also be applicable to industrial hemp as defined in the Hemp Farming Act of 2018. 

On March 25, 2020, the Company received an International
Preliminary Report of Patentability for its Patent Cooperation Treaty Application Number PCT/US2019/014778, CANNABIS PRODUCTS MODIFIED
BY REMOVING VOLATILE ORGANIC COMPOUNDS AND ADDING VOLATILE UNSATURATED HYDROCARBONS, in which Claims Numbered 1-84 were characterized
as novel and Claims Numbered 1-17, 63-70, 83 and 84 were characterized as inventive steps. 

7 

On June 5, 2020, the United States Patent and Trademark
Office, by way of an Office Action dated May 29, 2020, notified the Company that Claims Numbered 1-17, 63-70 and 83-84 of Patent Application
Number 16/255,157, CANNABIS PRODUCTS MODIFIED BY REMOVING VOLATILE ORGANIC COMPOUNDS AND ADDING VOLATILE UNSATURATED HYDROCARBONS, were
now allowed. These are four of the seven main claims in Patent Application Number 16/255,157. In response to this, the Company s
outside Patent Counsel, Oliff PLC, has filed an Amendment to Patent Application Number 16/255,157 so that these Claims can be issued a
formal Notice of Allowance which would then lead to the issuance of a Utility Patent for these Claims. As a result of this action by our
attorneys at Oliff PLC, on June 19, 2020, the United States Patent and Trademark Office issued a formal Notice of Allowance and Fee(s)
Due which will allow the Utility Patent to be issued once the fees are paid. This Patent was issued as United States Patent Number 10,737,198
on August 11, 2020. The Company s attorneys at Oliff PLC also prepared a Continuation Application for Claims Numbered 18-62 and
71-82 so that the Company can continue to prosecute these Claims separately. This Continuation Application has resulted in the issuance
of United States Patent Number 10,835,829 on November 17, 2020. 

On August 11, 2020, the United States Patent and Trademark
Office issued United States Patent Number 10,737,198 to the Company as assignee of Application Number 16/255.157, CANNABIS PRODUCTS MODIFIED
BY REMOVING VOLATILE ORGANIC COMPOUNDS AND ADDING VOLATILE UNSATURATED HYDROCARBONS, filed by Vincent Lombardi, one of the founders of
the Company and its current President and Chief Executive Officer. 

On November 17, 2020, the United States Patent and
Trademark Office issued United States Patent Number 10,835,839 to the Company as assignee of Application Number 16/255.157, CANNABIS PRODUCTS
MODIFIED BY REMOVING VOLATILE ORGANIC COMPOUNDS AND ADDING VOLATILE UNSATURATED HYDROCARBONS, filed by Vincent Lombardi, one of the founders
of the Company and its current President and Chief Executive Officer. 

On May 24, 2022, the United States Patent and Trademark
Office issued United States Patent Number 11,338,222 to the Company as assignee of Application Number 16/255.157, CANNABIS PRODUCTS MODIFIED
BY REMOVING VOLATILE ORGANIC COMPOUNDS AND ADDING VOLATILE UNSATURATED HYDROCARBONS, filed by Vincent Lombardi, one of the founders of
the Company and its current President and Chief Executive Officer. 

Now United States Patents Numbers 10,737,198, 10,835,839
and 11,338,222 have been formally issued, the Company intends to begin actively marketing and licensing its patented technologies in both
the cannabis and hemp market spaces as well as pursuing its own uses of its patented technologies in relation to various end user products
that can benefit from its patented technologies. In regards to the issuance of United States Patents Numbered 10,737,198, 10.835,839 and
11,338,222, Vincent C. Lombardi, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, has stated that we believe the effect of
the issuance of Patents Numbered 10,737,198, 10,835,839 and 11,338,222 is that it will allow the Company to be able to effectively control
the marketplace for low, or no, odor cannabis and hemp products in the United States which will allow the Company to start generating
licensing revenue from the technology disclosed in United States Patents Numbered 10,737,198, 10,835,839 and 11,338,222. 

The Company has received a First Office Action on
its Canadian Patent Application Number 3,031,123, CANNABIS PRODUCTS MODIFIED BY REMOVING VOLATILE ORGANIC COMPOUNDS AND ADDING VOLATILE
UNSATURATED HYDROCARBONS, and its attorneys at Oliff PLC and Bereskin Parr in Canada have responded to it. The Company has also
recently amended its Canadian Patent Application so that it accurately reflects the claims embodied in United States Patents Numbered
10,737,198, 10,835,839 and 11,338,222 as well as the Continuation in Part Application Number 17/726,860 filed on April 22, 2022. The Company
has received a Second Office Action to this Amended Canadian Patent Application and, in concert with its attorneys, has recently responded
to it. 

The Company s outside Patent Counsel, Oliff
PLC has completed the Application to the European Patent Office EPO based on Patent Cooperation Treaty Application Number
PCT/US2019/014778, CANNABIS PRODUCTS MODIFIED BY REMOVING VOLATILE ORGANIC COMPOUNDS AND ADDING VOLATILE UNSATURATED HYDROCARBONS. It
has been filed as European Patent Office Application Number 19743904.5. The Company has also recently amended its EPO Application so that
it accurately reflects the claims 

8 

embodied in United States Patents Numbered 10,737,198,
10,835,839 and 11,338,222 as well as the Continuation in Part Application Number 17/726,860 filed on April 22, 2022. This EPO Application,
as amended, will allow the Company to simultaneously prosecute its PCT Application in a total of 44 different countries in Europe and
the surrounding areas as well as Hong Kong. The Company has received a First Office Action to its European Patent Office Application Number
19743904.5. The Company and its attorneys at Oliff PLC and Astrum Element One Limited in the United Kingdom have responded to it. 

On February 8, 2022, the United States Patent and
Trademark Office issued a Notice of Allowance for the Company s Continuation Application No. 17/098,539 which was filed on November
16, 2020. Once the filing fee is paid, the Letters Patent will issue and the Company will then have a third United States Patent. On May
24, 2022, the Company was issued United States Patent No. 11,338,222 based on this Notice. 

The Company has prepared and filed a Continuation
in Part Application for Continuation Application No. 17/098,539 which should result in the Company receiving a fourth United States Patent
in due time. 

Marketing Plans to License the Intellectual Property 

High Sierra is now marketing the licensing of its
technology in states in the U.S. where cannabis and/or hemp has been legalized both for medicinal and/or recreational use. It also
plans to use a similar marketing strategy in all provinces in Canada which have legalized both the medicinal and recreational uses of
cannabis as of October 17, 2018. Hemp has long been legal in Canada. High Sierra is targeting entities that are licensed to produce,
process and/or manufacture cannabis and/or hemp related products. High Sierra also believes that its technology will be of interest
to tobacco companies in the United States, Canada and other places if those companies choose to enter the cannabis and/or hemp marketplaces
as the legalization of cannabis and/or hemp progresses. 

High Sierra considers every manufacturer of cannabis
and/or hemp products a potential customer. Because each is registered with its respective State and are of public record, High Sierra
has begun to identify each manufacturer for a direct marketing campaign. High Sierra plans to aggressively exploit what it believes to
be niche areas of the cannabis and/or hemp markets that are not currently being addressed. 

Presently, manufacturers of cannabis and/or hemp products
are limited to selling low-odor cannabis and/or hemp for smoking, as an extract, and are limited to selling flavored product either as
an extract for smoking or edibles. While it is possible to produce a flavored dried plant form without first removing the natural complement
of terpenes, High Sierra believes that the strong natural smell and flavor makes it impractical to add additional flavoring other than
additional terpenes. 

Because low odor or no odor cannabis and/or hemp plant
material products for smoking are novel and currently do not exist, it is High Sierra s goal to create a market for such products
by demonstrating their utility and desirability. Low-odor cannabis and/or hemp plant material allows one to smoke cannabis and/or hemp
without its use being apparent due to the residual smell on the user. It also allows the user the convenience of smoking cannabis and/or
hemp in the form of a rolled cigarette or a pipe. Because low-odor and flavored cannabis and/or hemp plant material can be conveniently
made into cigarettes, it is High Sierra s belief that as cannabis and/or hemp gain acceptance according to local and Federal laws,
that the large tobacco companies will want to enter the cannabis and/or hemp market spaces and will rely on their present business model
of selling cigarettes that are pre-packaged. These companies are all potential clients to license High Sierra s technology. 

9 

Admiral Investment Banking Agreement 

On December 28, 2020 the Company entered into an Agreement
with Admiral Investment Banking Admiral to market our Private Placement Offering of 2,000,000 shares of common stock to
accredited investors. The Agreement was for the period of one year and had certain renewal provisions. The Agreement provided for
commissions of 8 of monies generated by Admiral to be paid to Admiral. It also provided for an override of 2 to be payable to Admiral
in the event of the inclusion of another broker/dealer in a transaction. The Agreement also provided for the issuance of warrants to Admiral
or its principals in certain instances if so designated by Admiral. The warrants are exercisable at 0.01 per share for a period of five
(5) years after the issuance date and cover a total of 50,000 shares. The Company gave notice to Admiral on October 8, 2021 that the Company
was terminating the Agreement effective as of November 10, 2021, but the outstanding warrants are still in effect, of which the warrant
for 10,000 shares has been exercised. The warrant for 40,000 shares has not been exercised as of the date hereof. 

Hemp Cigarette Business 

High Sierra has identified a growing market place
for hemp cigarettes especially those that can benefit from High Sierra s patented and patent pending technologies. It is the intention
of High Sierra to enter into this market place as soon as possible after it receives sufficient funding from its Private Placement Offerings.
To that effect, the Company is now negotiating with one of the largest hemp cigarette manufacturers in the country to enter into a joint
venture to produce and market a new brand of low odor hemp cigarettes. The negotiations resulted in the execution of a non-binding Letter
of Intent dated February 18, 2022, by the parties to enter into a Joint Venture to manufacture, market and distribute hemp cigarettes
and hemp-based products in the United States, Canada and Mexico using its Patented and Patent Pending Technologies. The Company can offer
no assurance that it will successfully raise the funds needed to enter into this market place. 

On November 17, 2022, the Company s wholly-owned
subsidiary, High Sierra executed a Joint Venture Agreement (the Joint Venture Agreement with Hempacco Co., Inc. Hempacco for the production, marketing, and sales of hemp smokables that will use the Company s patented and patent-pending technologies,
as well as certain patented and patent-pending technologies held by Hempacco. Pursuant to this Joint Venture Agreement, High Sierra and
Hempacco formed a new Nevada corporation known as Organipure, Inc Organipure ). High SIerra and Hempacco each own one-half
of the equity interests in Organipure. 

In connection with the execution of the Joint Venture
Agreement, Hempacco also entered a Hemp Smokables Manufacturing Agreement with Organipure (the Manufacturing Agreement ),
pursuant to which Hempacco will act as Organipure s exclusive worldwide manufacturer and supplier of hemp smokables, subject to
the terms and 

10 

conditions of the Manufacturing Agreement. The
hemp smokables will be manufactured according to product specifications and packaging described in the Manufacturing Agreement. 

Also, in connection with the execution of the Joint
Venture Agreement, High Sierra entered into a Patent License Agreement with Organipure (the HSTI Patent License Agreement ),
which granted Organipure a non-exclusive license of High Sierra s patented and patent-pending technologies to be used in connection
with the hemp smokable products to be produced, marketed, and sold by Organipure. The annual license fee will be 5 of Organipure s
gross receipts from the use of the High Sierra patents by Organipure. The term of the license expires December 31, 2033, unless
terminated earlier for reasons specified in the HSTI Patent License Agreement. 

Similarly, Hempacco entered into a Patent License
Agreement with Organipure (the Hempacco Patent License Agreement which granted to Organipure a non-exclusive license of
Hempacco s patented and patent pending technologies to be used in connection with the hemp smokable products. The annual license
fee will be 5 of Organipure s gross receipts from the use of the Hempacco patents by Organipure. The term of the license
expires December 31, 2033, unless terminated earlier for reasons specified in the Hempacco Patent License Agreement. 

Hempacco is an industry leader in the hemp smokables
market space. Hempacco s state-of-the-art production facility provides it with superior production capabilities that allow
it to be able to currently produce over 30 million hemp cigarettes per month with the ability to quickly expand its production capabilities
with very short notice. 

This is the first use of the patent technology developed
by the Company s wholly owned subsidiary. 

The Company is currently looking for other opportunities
in the hemp/CBD market and has signed certain Letters of Intent and verbal agreements that it is seeking to concurrently fund and close. 

General Information Concerning Cannabis and Hemp and Related Regulatory
Laws 

Currently, cannabis is consumed in three forms. The
dried plant material that is smoked, extracts of cannabis that are smoked using devices such as e-cigarettes, and cannabis consumables.
Hemp based products may also be consumed by these same three methods as well as being used as a topical application to the skin. High
Sierra s Intellectual Property is currently specific for dried cannabis plant material, including hemp, which is intended to be
consumed by smoking which we believe to be the largest segment of the cannabis related market. 

Recreational cannabis is now currently legal in 21
states and the District of Columbia and medicinal cannabis is legal in 37 states, the District of Columbia, Guam and Puerto Rico. Thirteen
states and the U.S. Virgin Islands have passed laws decriminalizing cannabis in some form. In addition, Canada has legalized both medicinal
and recreational cannabis in all provinces as of October 17, 2018. Hemp, which is defined as cannabis, with a tetrahydrocannabinol (THC)
content of less than 0.3 , has long been legalized in Canada. It should be noted that cannabis continues to be illegal at the Federal
level in the United States. It should be further noted that, with the President s signature on the Hemp Farming Act of 2018 that
was passed overwhelmingly by Congress, the non-psychoactive components of cannabis, such as cannabidiol will become legal in all states
and will cease to be controlled substances that come under the authority of the Food and Drug Administration. 

With the enactment on December 20, 2018 of the Hemp
Farming Act of 2018, hemp and/or cannabidiol based products are no longer classified as controlled substances. High Sierra believes that
its technology will also be readily applicable to hemp and/or cannabidiol based products that may be consumed via combustion and subsequent
inhalation and/or ingestion in various forms. Because there are currently known uses of hemp and/or cannabidiol products that use combustion
and subsequent inhalation as a method of consumption, High Sierra believes that such producers and users of these products will see a
similar advantage to the use of High Sierra s technologies as do the producers and users of medical and recreational cannabis products
that are consumed via combustion and subsequent inhalation and/or ingestion in various forms. 

Because High Sierra s business model is based
on (1) the licensing of its technology, and (2) the production and marketing of hemp cigarettes using its various patented and patent
pending technologies, it is not necessary for High Sierra to handle, sell or distribute cannabis in order to benefit from the rapidly
expanding cannabis market. Accordingly, High Sierra is not directly subject to the limitations imposed by these existing Federal laws
in the 

11 

United States as they may relate to cannabis. With
the enactment on December 20, 2018 of the Hemp Farming Act of 2018, hemp-based products have ceased to be controlled substances that come
under the authority of the Drug Enforcement Administration thus providing High Sierra an opportunity in a new marketplace that is not
subject to the same level of Federal regulation as is the marijuana form of cannabis. This puts High Sierra in a unique position to benefit
from the rapidly expanding cannabis and hemp industries, while at the same time, not being directly subject to the Federal controlled
substance laws of the United States. 

Market Place Overview 

According to a report by the Brightfield Group, the
global cannabis market is currently estimated to be worth 7.7 billion and will likely experience a compound annual growth rate of 60
percent as other countries liberalize their marijuana laws. It should also be noted that Wall Street analysts have projected that the
change in the laws related to cannabis in Canada could create as much as 5 billion in additional sales. The international market for
cannabis is projected to hit 51.1 billion by 2025 according to New Frontier Data. In addition, New Frontier Data has estimated that North
American cannabis sales could reach 35.6 billion in 2023 and 41.5 billion by 2025. 

High Sierra believes that cannabis products that employ
its technology (with respect to utilizing unflavored product as the starting material to make a flavored product) will create a significant
addition to the existing cannabis markets. High Sierra further believes that it is reasonable to project a similar percentage of flavored
cannabis sales as opposed to non-flavored cannabis sales (30 ). If trends for tobacco cigarettes are an indication of future cannabis
cigarette sales, flavored cannabis cigarettes could represent a market of 8.84 billion (based on 29.4 billion total 2021 cannabis sales).
High Sierra believes that it may earn significant licensing revenue from licensing its existing technology, based on its proposed 10 
licensing fee. If large tobacco companies enter the cannabis marketplace, they are likely to represent a new and highly significant licensing
revenue source for High Sierra. 

Currently, companies such as Canopy Growth, Cronos
Group and Tilray which are based in Canada have begun to be traded both on the NASDAQ and the New York Stock Exchange. Constellation Brands
has recently invested 4 billion in Canopy Growth based on its belief in the strong future for the market place for cannabis. 

It should be noted that none of these statistics or
projections include products based on the non-psychoactive components of cannabis, such as hemp and/or cannabidiol. These are markets
that Statista has estimated will grow from 108 million in 2014 to 1.8 billion in 2023 and growing to 16.2 billion by 2033. High Sierra
believes that its opportunities will be increased with its proposed entrance into the non-psychoactive components of cannabis, such as
hemp and/or cannabidiol marketplaces. 

Potential Acquisitions 

On December 28, 2021, the Company executed a non-binding
Letter of Intent to acquire an Oregon Corporation specializing in hemp-related products in a Share Exchange Transaction pursuant to 26
U.S.C. 368. This Letter of Intent was subsequently amended on January 22, 2022 and on July 18, 2022. As of the date hereof, this
transaction has not been completed. The Company is also in verbal discussions to acquire two other Oregon based companies and a piece
of commercial property that is developed for farming and has numerous commercial buildings located on it. The
property combines 34,000 square feet of vertically integrated industrial and commercial hemp production, processing, and manufacturing
facilities. The agriculture component of the property is 30 acres of spring-fed exclusive farm use land. 

Competition 

High Sierra is not aware of any other companies that
are working on similar technology that can be applied to cannabis and/or hemp flower products to remove or significantly reduce the odor
and flavor of such products which are consumed by smoking and/or ingestion. However, High Sierra believes that eventually there may be
competitors. High Sierra believes that it will have an early competitive advantage being the first to enter this line of business and
file for patent protection as has been discussed in other places herein. It believes that its Provisional Patent Applications and its
Utility Patent Application, if granted, will give High Sierra some significant protection from competing companies. 

12 

There are numerous other companies and individuals
that compete in the hemp cigarette market place. Some of those companies are substantially larger than we are and some may have much greater
financial resources than we do. We can offer no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against our competitors in this
line of business. 

Employees 

As of the date of this Report, we have only four part-time
employees who are our officers Vincent C. Lombardi, Gregg W. Koechlein, Jeffrey M. Pogol and Glenn C. Miller, and no full time employees.
Mr. Lombardi, Mr. Koechlein and Mr. Pogol each devote approximately sixteen (16) hours per week to the business of the Company, and Mr.
Miller devotes approximately eight (8) hours per week to the business of the Company. They may be compensated for their part time services
on an as needed basis. For example, on February 26, 2021, we issued 10,000 shares of our restricted common stock to Jeffrey M. Pogol and
10,000 shares of our restricted common stock to another service provider for services rendered valued in the amount of 2,000 each. During
the year ended December 31, 2021, Gregg W. Koechlein was paid 12,500 for services. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Gregg W.
Koechlein was paid 15,000 for services. We have no written employment agreements. We have never experienced a work stoppage and believe
our relationship with our employees is good. 

Effect of Existing or Probable Governmental Regulations
on our Business 

We are subject to the following regulations of the
SEC and applicable securities laws, rules and regulations: 

Sarbanes/Oxley Act 

We are also subject to the Sarbanes/Oxley Act of 2002.
The Sarbanes/Oxley Act created a strong and independent accounting oversight board to oversee the conduct of auditors of public companies
and strengthen auditor independence. It also requires steps to enhance the direct responsibility of senior members of management for financial
reporting and for the quality of financial disclosures made by public companies; establishes clear statutory rules to limit, and to expose
to public view, possible conflicts of interest affecting securities analysts; creates guidelines for audit committee members appointment,
compensation and oversight of the work of public companies auditors; management assessment of our internal controls; auditor attestation
to management s conclusions about internal controls; prohibits certain insider trading during pension fund blackout periods; requires
companies and auditors to evaluate internal controls and procedures; and establishes a federal crime of securities fraud, among other
provisions. Compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes/Oxley Act will substantially increase our legal and accounting costs. 

Exchange Act Reporting Requirements 

Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act requires all companies
with securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act to comply with the rules and regulations of the SEC regarding
proxy solicitations, as outlined in Regulation 14A. Matters submitted to stockholders at special or annual meetings thereof or pursuant
to a written consent will require us to provide our stockholders with the information outlined in Schedules 14A or 14C of Regulation 14;
preliminary copies of this information must be submitted to the SEC at least 10 days prior to the date that definitive copies of this
information are forwarded to our stockholders. 

We are also required to file Annual Reports on SEC
Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on SEC Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and will be required to timely disclose certain material
events (e.g., changes in corporate control; acquisitions or dispositions of a significant amount of assets other than in the ordinary
course of business; and bankruptcy) in a Current Report on SEC Form 8-K. 

Emerging Growth Company 

We are and we will remain an
 emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012(the JOBS Act ), until
the earliest to occur of (i) the last day of the fiscal year during which our total annual revenues equal or exceed 1.235 billion (subject
to adjustment for inflation), (ii) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this primary offering,
(iii) the date on which we have, during the 

13 

previous three-year period, issued more than 1 billion
in non-convertible debt securities, or (iv) the date on which we are deemed a "large accelerated filer" (with at least 700
million in public float) under the Exchange Act. 

As an "emerging growth company", we may
take advantage of specified reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise applicable generally to public companies. These
provisions include: 

only two years of audited financial statements in addition to any required
unaudited interim financial statements with correspondingly reduced Management s Discussion and Analysis disclosure; 

reduced disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements; 

no requirement that we hold non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation
or golden parachute arrangements; and 

exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of
our internal control over financial reporting. 

We have taken advantage of some of these reduced burdens,
and thus the information we provide stockholders may be different from what you might receive from other public companies in which you
hold shares. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to
private companies. However, we are choosing to opt out of such extended transition period, and as a result, we will comply
with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth
companies. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that our decision to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new
or revised accounting standards is irrevocable. 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Notwithstanding the above, we are also currently a
 smaller reporting company , meaning that we are not an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary
of a parent company that is not a smaller reporting company and have a public float of less than 75 million and annual revenues of less
than 50 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. In the event that we are still considered a smaller reporting
company , at such time as we cease being an emerging growth company , the disclosure we will be required to provide
in our SEC filings will increase, but will still be less than it would be if we were not considered either an emerging growth company 
or a smaller reporting company . Specifically, similar to emerging growth companies , smaller
reporting companies are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in their filings; are exempt from the provisions
of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act SOX requiring that independent registered public accounting firms provide
an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting; and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations
in their SEC filings, including, among other things, only being required to provide two years of audited financial statements in annual
reports. 

Start-up Stage 

The Company is in the start-up stage and has generated
no revenue as of the date hereof. In the past three (3) years, we have been funded primarily through loans from non-related third parties,
our officers, directors and our shareholders and through the sale of Notes and Shares of our common stock. 

Cost and Effects of Compliance with Environmental Laws 

Our current business operations are not subject to any material environmental
laws, rules or regulations that would have an adverse material effect on our business operations or financial condition or result in a
material compliance cost. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to provide risk factors; however, for information on risk factors, see the Risk Factors section of our Form 8-K Current Report dated December
31, 2018 and previously filed with the SEC on January 2, 2019. 

14 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None 

ITEM 2: PROPERTIES 

The Company has two places of business. The
corporate office is located at 1495 Ridgeview Drive, Suite 230A, Reno, Nevada 89519. At this time the Company is
occupying this space at no charge for rent or utilities. The Company is also leasing a research and development and warehousing facility located at
229 East 5 th Street in Reno, Nevada 89512. 

On November 9, 2021, the Company entered into a
Lease Agreement with 3 Squirrels, LLC to rent approximately 1,475 square feet of commercial space which the Company plans to use for
research and development purposes. Due to the inability of the Landlord to deliver the Premises as called for in the Lease Agreement
on time, a First Amendment to that Lease was signed on January 30, 2022 which changed some terms in the original Lease. The Lease is
now for a period of one (1) year commencing February 1, 2022, and contains independent options for two (2) additional periods of one
(1) year each. The initial monthly rent was 1,253.75 plus 203.50 in estimated CAM charges. On February 1, 2023, the Company
executed a Second Amendment to that Lease that extended the term to January 31, 2024 at a monthly rent of 1,291.36 plus 203.50 in
estimated CAM charges. A copy of the Lease Agreement was attached to our Quarterly Report for the period ended September 30, 2021 as
Exhibit 10.15, a copy of the First Lease Amendment was attached to the 2021 Annual Report as Exhibit 10.16 and a copy of the Second
Amendment is attached to this Annual Report as Exhibit 10.17. 

ITEM 3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not a party to any pending legal proceeding
and, to the knowledge of our management; no federal, state or local governmental agency is presently contemplating any proceeding against
us. No director, executive officer or affiliate of ours or owner of record or beneficially of more than 5 of our common stock is a party
adverse to us or has a material interest adverse to us in any proceeding. 

ITEM 4: MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None; not applicable. 

15 

PART II 

ITEM 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

There is no established trading market 
for our shares of common stock. Our shares of common stock are listed on the OTC Bulletin Board of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority,
Inc. FINRA under the symbol HSTI; however, management does not expect any established trading market to
develop in our shares of common stock unless and until we have material operations. In any event, no assurance can be given that any market
for our common stock will develop or be maintained. If a public market ever develops in the future, the sale of shares of our common stock
that are deemed to be restricted securities pursuant to Rule 144 of the SEC by members of management or others may have
a substantial adverse impact on any such market. See the heading Rule 144 below for requirements of resales of shares of
our common stock under Rule 144. 

There has been no established trading market in our
common stock for many years. Additionally, many of the approximately 9,356,749 shares issued to non-affiliates in the acquisition of our
wholly-owned subsidiary have now become saleable at various times under Rule 144, and may now be sold into any trading market that may
develop for our shares. These factors may result in uncertainty and volatility in the trading price of our common stock that may not have
any relation to our current or future prospects. 

Set forth below are the high and low closing bid prices
for our common stock for each quarter of 2021 and 2022. These bid prices were obtained from OTC Markets, Inc. and/or OTCQB. The Company
became listed on the OTCQB Exchange on December 6, 2021. All prices listed herein reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up,
mark-down or commissions and may not represent actual transactions. 

Period 
 High 
 Low 

January 1, 2021 through March 31, 2021 
 4.90 
 4.57 
 
 April 1, 2021 through June 30, 2021 
 4.57 
 3.50 
 
 July 1, 2021 through September 30, 2021 
 3.50 
 3.50 
 
 October 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021 
 3.50 
 2.75 

January 1, 2022 through March 31, 2022 
 3.50 
 1.50 
 
 April 1, 2022 through June 30, 2022 
 1.76 
 0.51 
 
 July 1, 2022 through
 September 30, 2022 
 1.11 
 0.55 
 
 October 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 
 1.10 
 1.10 

16 

Rule 144 

The following is a summary of the current requirements of Rule 144: 

Affiliate or Person Selling on Behalf of an Affiliate 
 Non-Affiliate (and has not been an Affiliate During the Prior Three Months) 
 
 Restricted Securities of Reporting Issuers 
 
 During six-month holding period no resales under Rule 144
 Permitted. 
 
 After Six-month holding period may resell in accordance
 with all Rule 144 requirements including: 

Current public information, 
 Volume limitations, 
 Manner of sale requirements for equity securities, and 
 Filing of Form 144. 

During six- month holding period no resales under Rule 144
 permitted. 
 
 After six-month holding period but before one year unlimited
 public resales under Rule 144 except that the current public information requirement still applies. 
 
 After one-year holding period unlimited public resales under
 Rule 144; need not comply with any other Rule 144 requirements. 
 
 Restricted Securities of Non-Reporting Issuers 
 
 During one-year holding period no resales under Rule 144
 permitted. 
 
 After one-year holding period may resell in accordance with
 all Rule 144 requirements including: 

Current public information, 
 Volume limitations, 
 Manner of sale requirements for equity securities, and 
 Filing of Form 144. 

During one-year holding period no resales under Rule 144
 permitted. 
 
 After one-year holding period unlimited public resales under
 Rule 144; need not comply with any other Rule 144 requirements. 

Shell Companies 

Rule 144 is generally unavailable for the resale of
shares of stock of publicly reporting shell companies. After such a company ceases to be a shell company, then Rule 144 may become available
for the resale of its outstanding shares beginning 12 months after it files Form 10 information with the SEC. We believe
that we are no longer a shell company following the closing of our acquisition of our High Sierra subsidiary, and that Rule 144 became
available one (1) year following the filing of our Current Report on Form 8-K which was filed on January 2, 2019. We believe that many
of the approximately 9,356,749 shares issued to non-affiliates in the acquisition of our wholly-owned subsidiary became saleable under
Rule 144 in January 2020, and may now be sold into any trading market that may develop for our shares. 

Section 4(a)(1) of the Securities Act 

Since we were a shell company as defined in subparagraph
(i) of Rule 144 up until December 31, 2018 when we acquired our High Sierra subsidiary, our shares of common stock that were issued while
or after we became a shell company were not able to be publicly resold under Rule 144 until approximately January 2, 2020, one (1) year
following the filing of our Current Report on Form 8-K which was filed on January 2, 2019. 

17 

Holders 

We currently have approximately 75 stockholders, not
including an indeterminate number who may hold shares in street name . 

Dividends 

We have not declared any cash dividends with respect
to our common stock, and do not intend to declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Our future dividend policy cannot be ascertained
with any certainty, and if and until we determine to engage in any business or we complete any acquisition, reorganization or merger,
no such policy will be formulated. There are no material restrictions limiting, or that are likely to limit, our ability to pay dividends
on our securities. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans excluding securities reflected in column (a) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 Total 
 None 
 None 
 None 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered
Securities 

During the last two (2) years, we have not issued any unregistered securities
other than the following: 

1. On February 26, 2021, the Company issued 10,000 shares of its restricted
common stock to its Vice President Jeffrey M. Pogol, and 10,000 shares of its restricted common stock to another service provider, for
services rendered which were valued at 2,000 each. On the same day, the Company issued 10,000 shares of its restricted common stock to
Mark Beloyan, a principal of Tradespot Markets and Admiral Investment Banking, pursuant to the exercise of a warrant at an exercise price
of 0.01 per share. The shares were sold in reliance on the exemption in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 for transactions not
involving any public offering. The certificates representing the shares bear a restricted legend, and the persons acquiring the shares
represented that they acquired the shares with investment intent. 

2. During the three months ended June 30, 2021, the
Company sold a total of 60,002 shares of its common stock, at 1.50 per share, to four accredited investors for a total of 90,000. In
addition, during the same three months ended June 30, 2021, the Company raised 50,000 through the sale of one of its Series 2 Senior
Convertible Promissory Note Note on May 27, 2021. The Note is for a term of three years and bears interest at a rate at
eight Percent (8 per annum. The Note will automatically convert to Common Stock of the Company if the Company has received 1,000,000
from its offering or any other source or sources at a conversion price of 1.50 per share. The Note can also be voluntarily converted
by the holder. A copy of the form of Series 2 Senior Convertible Promissory Note is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.8. The Payee will be
issued Warrants for the purchase of common stock in the Company with a value equal to fifty percent (50 of the face amount of the Note
and effective as of the date of any Conversion to shares of common stock in the Company. Such Warrants shall be priced at 1.50 per share
during the three-year term of the Note or any extension of the Note. The shares, Note and Warrants were issued in reliance on the exemption
in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 for transactions not involving any public offering. 

18 

The certificates representing the shares
bear a restricted legend, and the persons acquiring the shares represented that they acquired the shares with investment intent. 

3. During the three months ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate
of 75,000 shares of its restricted common stock to five persons at a price of 1.50 per share. A total of 35,000 of these shares were
issued to satisfy 52,500 of the Company s accounts payable. The shares were sold in
reliance on the exemption in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 for transactions not involving any public offering. The certificates
representing the shares bear a restricted legend, and the persons acquiring the shares represented that they acquired the shares with
investment intent. 

4. On February 10, 2022, the Company issued 33,334 shares of restricted common
stock priced at 1.50 per share. The shares were sold in reliance on the exemption in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 for transactions
not involving any public offering. The certificates representing the shares bear a restricted legend, and the persons acquiring the shares
represented that they acquired the shares with investment intent. 

5. On February 16, 2022, the Company sold 100,000 of Notes pursuant to
its Secured Note Private Placement Memorandum dated October 1, 2020. The Notes were sold in reliance on the exemption in Section 4(2)
of the Securities Act of 1933 for transactions not involving any public offering. 

6. On October 25, 2022, the Company issued 20,000 shares of restricted
 common stock priced at 1.00 per share. The shares were sold in reliance on the exemption in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of
 1933 for transactions not involving any public offering. The certificates representing the shares bear a restricted legend, and the
 persons acquiring the shares represented that they acquired the shares with investment intent. 

7. On October 27, 2022, the Company issued 10,000 shares of restricted common
stock priced at 1.00 per share. The shares were sold in reliance on the exemption in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 for transactions
not involving any public offering. The certificates representing the shares bear a restricted legend, and the persons acquiring the shares
represented that they acquired the shares with investment intent. 

8. On November 1, 2022, an investor converted 100,000 of their Secured Convertible
Note and related accrued interest in the amount of 5,655 into 70,437 shares of common stock of the Company. The individual also exercised
16,667 warrants from their Secured Convertible Note and purchased 16,667 shares of common stock for 25,000. 

9. On November 16, 2022, the Company issued 5,000 shares of restricted common
stock priced at 1.00 per share. The shares were sold in reliance on the exemption in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 for transactions
not involving any public offering. The certificates representing the shares bear a restricted legend, and the persons acquiring the shares
represented that they acquired the shares with investment intent. 

Use of Proceeds of Registered Securities 

There were no proceeds received during the calendar
year ended December 31, 2022, from the sale of registered securities. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by Us and Affiliated
Purchasers 

Except as described above under the heading Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities, during the last three fiscal years, there were no
purchases of any equity securities of ours by us or any person on our behalf; nor were there any purchases of our equity securities by
any affiliate of ours during the last three fiscal years. 

ITEM 6: [RESERVED] 

19 

ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward-looking Statements 

Statements made in this Annual Report, which are not
purely historical, are forward-looking statements with respect to the goals, plan objectives, intentions, expectations, financial
condition, results of operations, future performance and our business, including, without limitation, (i) our ability to raise capital,
and (ii) statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words may, would, could, should, 
 expects, projects, anticipates, believes, estimates, plans, 
 intends, targets or similar expressions. 

Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks
and uncertainties, and important factors (many of which are beyond our control) that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those set forth in the forward-looking statements, including the following, general economic or industry conditions, nationally and/or
in the communities in which we may conduct business, changes in the interest rate environment, legislation or regulatory requirements,
conditions of the securities markets, our ability to raise capital, changes in accounting principles, policies or guidelines, financial
or political instability, acts of war or terrorism, other economic, competitive, governmental, regulatory and technical factors affecting
our current or potential business and related matters. 

Accordingly, results actually achieved may differ
materially from expected results in these statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. We do not
undertake, and specifically disclaim, any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring
after the date of such statements. 

Plan of Operation 

Our plan of operation for the next 12 months is to:
(i) market the licensing of the Company s technology in states in the U.S. where marijuana and/or hemp has been legalized both for
medicinal and/or recreational use, and in the Canadian provinces; (ii) seek to raise additional equity funding so that the Company may
pursue the construction and operation of a facility to produce and market hemp cigarettes to be located in Northern Nevada; and (iii)
complete the transactions which are the subjects of the two letters of intent signed by the Company which include acquiring an Oregon
company which specializes in hemp-related products and operating the joint venture with Hempacco Co, Inc. to produce, market and distribute
hemp cigarettes and hemp-based products in the United States, Canada and Mexico using the Company s Patented and Patent Pending
Technologies. During the next 12 months, our cash requirements include expenses to market our technology; expenses to construct and operate
a facility to produce and market hemp cigarettes to be located in either San Diego, California or Northern Nevada; the payment of our
SEC reporting and filing expenses, including associated legal and accounting fees; and costs incident to maintaining our good standing
as a corporation in our state of organization. We anticipate that we will need to raise additional equity funds to successfully commence
and operate a facility to produce and market hemp cigarettes. We have no commitments to raise any additional funds at the present time,
and we can offer no assurance that we will be able to raise additional funds on terms acceptable to the Company. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we had total current
assets of 24,116 consisting of 12,258 in cash, 1,457 of prepaid rent and 10,401 in deposits. We had 611,785 in total
liabilities as of December 31, 2022. Our total current liabilities of 561,785 consisted of current portion of notes payable
 385,500, notes payable-related party of 13,306, convertible note payable of 33,239 net of debt discount from warrants, accounts payable
and accrued expenses of 120,777 and accounts payable and accrued expenses-Related party of 8,963. See our Plan of Operation above
for information about our cash requirements for the next 12 months. 

The Company also has 77,386 in property, plant and
equipment, net, and 50,000 in long-term liabilities which are in convertible notes payable. 

20 

For a description of the various loans that the Company
received during the year ended December 31, 2022, and subsequent to December 31, 2022, see footnotes 5, 6 and 10 to the Company s
financial statements included herein. The Company intends to repay these loans from selling the Company s hemp farming equipment
and from raising additional capital. The Company can offer no assurance that it will be successful in its efforts to raise additional
capital. 

See the Exhibit Index below for copies of the various
promissory notes and/or amendments. The Company may seek additional loans from third parties on the same or similar terms in the near
future on an as needed basis, but the Company can offer no assurance that additional funds will be available to the Company. 

Results of Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared To Year
Ended December 31, 2021 

We had no revenues during the year ended December
31, 2022. We hope to start earning revenues during the present fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. 

We incurred general and administrative expenses of
 181,971 for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 38,605 from the 220,576 of general and administrative expenses incurred
during the year ended December 31, 2021. We incurred depreciation of 56,393 in the year ended December 31, 2022 which is an increase
of 21,043 over the 35,350 incurred in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

We incurred interest expense of 66,473 in the
year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 8,114 from the 58,359 of interest expense incurred in the year ended December 31,
2021. The increase is due to the increase in aggregate principal balance of the Convertible notes payable in the later period from
increased borrowings, and increases in interest rates in some of the Notes Payable in the later period. We also incurred interest
expense - related party of 1,597 in the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 555 from the 2,152 of interest expense -
related party incurred in the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is due to the Company s repayment of 10,000 of
principal balance of the Notes Payable-Related Party in a prior period. We incurred an expense of 17,518 due to the amortization of
debt discount in the year ended December 31, 2022 which was an increase of 17,518 over the year ended December 31, 2021. 

We incurred a net loss of 323,952, or
approximately 0.01 per share, in the year ended December 31, 2022, which is 10,003 less than the net loss of 316,437 incurred in
the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in the net loss incurred in the later period is largely attributable to the
amortization of debt discount incurred in the later period. 

Capital Resources 

The cash flows from operating activities during
the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of the following: The net loss of 323,952 partially offset by 56,393 in depreciation,
 17,518 in amortization of debt, a 37,932 increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses, and an increase of 1,597 in accounts
payable and accrued expenses Related party, and a 9,147 increase in deposits, resulting in net cash used in operating
activities of 219,659. 

The cash flows from operating activities during the
prior year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of the following: The net loss of 316,437 partially offset by 35,350 in depreciation, a
decrease of 5,348 accounts payable and accrued expenses Related Party, an increase of 30,127 in accounts payable and accrued
expenses and an increase of 1,254 in deposits, resulting in net cash used in operating activities of 176,519. 

The cash flows from financing activities during the
year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of the following: We received proceeds from exercise of warrants of 25,000, proceeds from the
sale of common stock of 85,000, proceeds from convertible notes payable of 100,000, and proceeds from notes payable in the amount of
 10,000 resulting in net cash provided by financing activities of 220,000. 

The cash flows from financing activities during the
year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of the following: We received cash proceeds from the sale of common stock of 150,000, proceeds
from notes payable of 50,000, proceeds from convertible notes payable of 50,000, proceeds from exercise of warrants of 100 and the
repayment of notes payable - related party of 10,000 resulting in net cash provided by financing activities of 190,100. 

21 

The Company invested 43,435 in furniture, fixtures
and equipment for its facility located at 229 E, 5 th street in Reno, Nevada during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company
does not expect to have any further investments for this property in the future. There was no such investment in the year ended December
31, 2021. 

Going Concern 

The Company s financial statements have been
presented on the basis that it is a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in
the normal course of business. The Company has sustained operating losses during the current year-to-date and may not achieve the
level of profitable operations to sustain its activities. These factors raise substantial doubt as to its ability to obtain debt
and/or equity financing and achieve profitable operations. 

Management intends to raise additional operating funds
to fund operations for the next 12 months through proceeds to be received from the planned sale of our hemp farming equipment, and through
raising funds through equity and/or debt offerings. However, there can be no assurance management will be successful in its endeavors.
Ultimately, the Company will need to achieve profitable operations in order to continue as a going concern. 

There are no assurances that the Company will be able
to either (1) achieve a level of revenues adequate to generate sufficient cash flow from operations; or (2) obtain additional financing
through either private placement, public offerings and/or bank financing necessary to support its working capital requirements. To
the extent that funds generated from operations and any private placements, public offerings and/or bank financing are insufficient, the
Company will have to raise additional working capital. No assurance can be given that additional financing will be available, or
if available, will be on terms acceptable to the Company. If adequate working capital is not available to the Company it may be
required to curtail its operations. 

Emerging Growth Company Critical Accounting
Policy Disclosure 

The Company qualifies as
an emerging growth company under the 2012 JOBS Act. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company
can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised
accounting standards. As an emerging grown company, the Company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until
those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. The Company may elect to take advantage of the benefits of this extended
transition period in the future. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We had no off-balance sheet arrangements of any kind
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

22 

ITEM 8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

HIGH SIERRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 AND SUBSIDIARIES 

AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021 

23 

HIGH SIERRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

CONTENTS 

PAGE REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMS (PCAOB ID# and 25 - 27 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 28 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 29 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) 30 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 31 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 32 

24 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM PCAOB
ID# 5854 

To the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders of High Sierra Technologies, Inc 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
High Sierra Technologies, Inc (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, and the related statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders 
equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively referred
to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of December 31,2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, for the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company incurred a net loss, and on December 31, 2022, had a working capital deficiency. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in relation to these matters are also
described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of
the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters
arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements,
taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit
matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

25 

Convertible Notes and Warrants 

We assessed the carrying value and allocation of the
convertible notes and related warrants as a critical audit matter. As discussed in notes 5 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company had convertible debt instruments which included warrants and separate accounting. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s
convertible notes and warrant issuance cost balance were 100,000 and 18,786, respectively which these amounts were material to the financial
statements as a whole, and the account requires challenging, subjective, and complex judgment and assumptions in order to properly value
and allocate such value to the convertible notes and the fair value of the warrants; additionally, the finding appropriate comparable
market data and inputs for the valuation models employed can be challenging; selection of the appropriate model to measure the fair value
of the embedded derivatives requires a great deal of judgment; the Company s management employed Black-Scholes option pricing model
to measure the fair value of the warrants; these circumstances give rise to complex judgment in determining the management s estimate
of the balance is reasonable and not materially misstated. 

Our principal audit procedures performed to address
this critical audit matter included the following: 

We obtained an understanding of the controls and processes surrounding the evaluation, initial measurement and revaluation of the fair value of the warrants. 

We evaluated management s assessment and the conclusions reached to ensure these instruments were recorded in accordance with the relevant accounting guidance. 

We evaluated the value of these debt instruments by sending confirmation and vouching the related agreement 

We reviewed and tested the significant assumption and recalculated related underlying data used in the valuation model used by the management to verify the reasonableness of valuation models used. 

We performed research to determine that the model was appropriate to the facts and circumstances. 

The accounts relevant to this critical audit matter
include the gross value of the notes, the related debt discount amortization account, and amortization of debt discount, and the gross
value of the warrant issuance cost, and the related disclosures in the accompanying notes 5 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements. 

/s/ 

 We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2023. 

 April 17, 2023 

26 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM PCAOB
ID# 6117) 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 High Sierra Technologies, Inc. 

 Reno, Nevada 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the
accompanying consolidated balance sheet of High Sierra Technologies, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2021, and the related statements
of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as
the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then
ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Consideration of the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

 The accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has suffered recurring
losses and has minimal operations which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans
in regard to these matters are described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These consolidated
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
consolidated statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audit
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not
required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we
are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audit included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts
and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that
our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 /s/ 

 We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2015. 

Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah 

 (a dba of Heaton Company, PLLC) 

March 21, 2022 

27 

HIGH SIERRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid rent 

Deposits 

Total Current Assets 

Property, Plant and Equipment, net 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' (DEFICIT) 

Current Liabilities 

Notes payable 

Notes payable-Related party 

Convertible Notes Payable,
 net of debt discount 

- 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses-Related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long Term Liabilities 

Convertible notes payable 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Stockholders (Deficit) 

Preferred stock, par value, non-voting, shares 

authorized, 0 shares issued and outstanding 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock, no par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized; 

20,616,749 and 20,461,311 shares issued and outstanding at 

December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Accumulated (Deficit) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Total Stockholders' (Deficit) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' (Deficit) 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

28 

HIGH SIERRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

Revenues 
 - 
 
 - 

Operating Expenses 

Depreciation 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

(Loss) from operations 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Other (expense) 

Amortization of debt discount 
 ) 
 
 - 

Interest (expense) 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Interest (expense)-Related party 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Total other (expense) 
 ) 
 
 ) 

(Loss) before income taxes 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Income taxes 
 - 
 
 - 

Net (loss) 
 ) 
 
 ) 

(Loss) per share-Basic and diluted 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Weighted average shares outstanding- 

Basic and diluted 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

29 

HIGH SIERRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' (Deficit) 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Preferred Stock 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 (Deficit) 
 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance-January 1, 2021 
 
 - 
 
 - 

) 
 
 ) 

Common stock issued for services 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Proceeds from the sale of common stock 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Net (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Balance-December 31, 2021 
 
 - 
 
 - 

) 
 
 ) 

Proceeds from the sale of common stock 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Conversion of payable to common stock 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Warrant issuance costs 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Net (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Balance-December 31, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 - 

) 
 
 ) 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

30 

HIGH SIERRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net (loss) 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used 

in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization
 of debt discount 

- 
 
 Issuance of common stock for services 
 - 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Increase in prepaid rent 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 (Increase) in deposits 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

(Decrease) increase in accounts payable and accrued
 expenses- 
 Related party 

) 
 
 Net cash (used) in operating activities 
 ) 
 
 ) 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of property, plant and equipment 
 ) 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash (used) in investing activities 
 ) 
 
 - 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 

- 
 
 Proceeds from notes payable-Related party 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Payments on notes payable-Related party 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash 
 ) 

CASH AT BEGINNING PERIOD 

CASH AT END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Conversion of debt and accrued interest to common stock 

- 
 
 Issuance of common stock for services 
 - 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

31 

HIGH SIERRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

of Organipure s
gross receipts from the use of the High Sierra patents by Organipure. The term of the license expires December 31, 2033, unless
terminated earlier for reasons specified in the HSTI Patent License Agreement. 

of 

32 

HIGH SIERRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

million hemp cigarettes per month with the ability to quickly expand its production capabilities
with very short notice. 

of the outstanding voting shares of another entity is a condition pointing toward consolidation." All inter-company transactions
have been eliminated during consolidation. The Company s subsidiaries are High Sierra Technologies,
Inc., a Nevada Corporation, Gulf Acquisition, Inc., a Nevada Corporation and the interest in Organipure, Inc., a Nevada Corporation.
The Company controls of the Board of Directors of Organipure, Inc. 

33 

HIGH SIERRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

to years. 

. 

34 

HIGH SIERRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

35 

HIGH SIERRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. ASC 740-10-25 also provides guidance on de-recognition,
classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. The Company
had no material adjustments to its liabilities for unrecognized income tax benefits according to the provisions of ASC 740-10-25. 

from outstanding warrants and 
from convertible notes payable) potentially dilutive shares outstanding. the Company had a total of from outstanding warrants
and from convertible notes payable) potentially dilutive shares outstanding. 

36 

HIGH SIERRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Furniture and lab equipment 

- 
 
 Leasehold improvements 

- 

Less: accumulated depreciation 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

and for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

37 

HIGH SIERRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Notes
 payable-Series 2 Senior Convertible Secured Promissory Notes, 8 interest, interest and principal due October 21, 2023 through May 27,
 2024 (2), net of debt discount (3) 

Total due 

Current Portion 

Long-term portion 

includes as an additional return on the debt a interest
in the Gross Crop Yield from the Company s hemp crop in McDermitt, NV. No accrual has been made for this interest due to failure
of crop and no proceeds received from a Gross Crop Yield. This note was purchased by another note holder and the additional return from
a Gross Crop Yield was eliminated. 

 . The Payee shall also be issued Warrants for the purchase of common stock in the Company with a value equal
to fifty percent of the face amount of this Note and effective as of the date of any Conversion to shares of common stock in the
Company. Such Warrants shall be priced at per share during the three-year term of this Note or any extension of this Note. 

) 

John Cathcart 
 - 
 
 ) 

Total: 
 - 
 
 ) 

and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company has interest accrued on the above notes in the amount of 
and at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company has paid and of the accrued interest for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

interest, interest and principal due December 31, 2023, unsecured 

Total due 

Current Portion 

Long-term portion 
 - 
 - 

38 

HIGH SIERRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

of the loans with the President of the Company. 

and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has interest accrued on the above notes in the
amount of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Valuation allowance 

) 

Deferred tax asset 

- 

39 

HIGH SIERRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Valuation allowance 

) 

Deferred tax asset 

- 
 
 to pretax income from continuing operations for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 due to the following: 

) 
 
 Increase in valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 

- 

- 

Shares of common
stock Shares exclusively to accredited investors . There is no minimum number of Shares to be sold pursuant
to this offering other than the minimum purchase requirement. The offering price is per Share ). This offering became
effective February 4, 2020 and was amended February 1, 2021 to extend the date of the offering through May 1, 2022. On January 14, 2022,
the Company extended the date of the offering through October 1, 2022. This offering as of the date of this report has expired. 

shares of its common stock
for gross proceeds of under this offering during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

shares of its common stock for services valued at . 

shares of its common stock
for gross proceeds of under this offering during the year ended December 31, 2022 

of their Secured Convertible
Note and related accrued interest in the amount of into shares of common stock of the Company. The individual also exercised
 warrants from their Secured Convertible Note and purchased shares of common stock for . 

40 

HIGH SIERRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

As of the date of this report, this Offering has expired. 

of these Notes during the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

of their Secured Convertible
Note and related accrued interest in the amount of into shares of common stock of the Company. The individual also exercised
 warrants from their Secured Convertible Note and purchased shares of common stock for . 

as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

41 

HIGH SIERRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

warrants. The exercise price per share of the Common Stock under this Warrant is . and is fully vested on the Issue Date
and is non-cancellable nor non-redeemable. 

warrants under the
Secured Convertible Note Agreement at fair value of at an exercise price of per share and were exercised for
 . 

warrants under a new note
payable in the year ended December 31, 2022 at fair value of at an exercise price of per share. 

. 

Granted 

- 

Canceled/forfeited 

- 

- 

Exercised 

. - 

common stock purchase warrants in December 2020 to exercise
at a purchase price of . . During the year ended December 31, 2021, of the purchase warrants were exercised. 

John Cathcart 

Averill Staloff 

, and the Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life of all warrants is years. 

Expected volatility 
 
 ~ 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 ~ 

Expected life (years) 
 
 ~ 

Stock Price 

Exercise Price 

42 

HIGH SIERRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

square feet and the monthly rent is plus
 in estimated CAM charges. The lease was for one year. The Company elected to exclude from its balance sheet recognition of right
of use assets and lease liabilities on leases having a term of 12 months or less short-term leases ). Lease expense is recognized
on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

of rent expense during
the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company has expensed as repairs due to the term of the original lease being only for a one-year
period. 

pursuant to a Promissory Note dated February 10, 2023 which bears interest at a rate of per
annum and which is due on . 

from
Organipure, Inc. as an advance payment of the licensing fees that the Company will be receiving from Organipure, Inc. for the use of the
Company s patented and patent pending technologies. 

43 

ITEM 9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Dismissal of Independent
Registered Accounting Firm 

On December 29, 2022, the
Company sent a letter to Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah, a dba of Heaton Co., PLLC Pinnacle dismissing Pinnacle
as the Company s independent registered accounting firm, effective immediately. None of Pinnacle s reports for the last two
fiscal years contained an adverse opinion, or a disclaimer of opinion, or was qualified or modified for any reason whatsoever, with the
exception of providing an explanatory paragraph stating there was substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a
going concern. The decision to dismiss Pinnacle was approved by the Company s board of directors. During the Company s last
two fiscal years, (i) there were no disagreements (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions) between
the Company and Pinnacle on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure,
which, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Pinnacle, would have caused Pinnacle to make reference to the subject matter of such disagreement
in connection with its reports on the financial statements for such periods and (ii) there were no reportable events (as
defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K). 

Engagement of New Independent
Registered Accounting Firm 

On February 1, 2023, the
Company appointed TAAD, LLP TAAD as the Company s new independent registered public accounting firm effective immediately. During
the Company s two most recent fiscal years, and the subsequent interim period through February 1, 2023, neither the Company nor
anyone acting on its behalf consulted with TAAD regarding either: (i) the application
of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered
on the Company s financial statements, in connection with which either a written report or oral advice was provided to the Company
that TAAD concluded was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching
a decision as to the accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement
(as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions) or reportable event (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v)
of Regulation S-K). 

ITEM 9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as
defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), that are designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the effectiveness of
the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on the evaluation of these disclosure
controls and procedures, and in light of the material weaknesses found in our internal controls over financial reporting, our Chief Executive
Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. Management anticipates that such disclosure controls
and procedures will not be effective until the material weaknesses are remediated. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of 

44 

financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide
only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 

Our management evaluated the effectiveness of our
internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO - 2013) in Internal Control Integrated
Framework. Based on this evaluation, our management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer,
concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective. 

Our internal controls are not effective for the following
reasons: (i) there is an inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives, (ii) the Company does not have an audit
committee with a financial expert, and thus the Company lacks the board oversight role within the financial reporting process. 

In order to mitigate the foregoing material weakness,
we have engaged an outside accounting consultant with significant experience in the preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP to assist us in the preparation of our financial statements to ensure that these financial statements are prepared in conformity
with GAAP. We will continue to monitor the effectiveness of this action and make any changes that our management deems appropriate. 

We would need to hire additional staff to provide
greater segregation of duties. Currently, it is not feasible to hire additional staff to obtain optimal segregation of duties. Management
will continue to reassess this matter to determine whether improvement in segregation of duty is feasible. In addition, we would need
to expand our board to include independent members. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding our internal controls over financial reporting. Management s report was
not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s
report in this Annual Report. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in internal control over
financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B: OTHER INFORMATION 

None; not applicable. 

ITEM 9C: DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None; not applicable. 

45 

PART III 

ITEM 10: DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Identification of Directors and Executive Officers 

Below are the names of and certain information regarding
the Company s current executive officers and directors. All of these persons were appointed effective as of the closing of the acquisition
of High Sierra: 

Date Named to Board of Directors/as Executive Officer 
 
 Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Vincent C. Lombardi 
 
 58 
 
 Director, Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 December 2018 
 
 Gregg W. Koechlein 
 
 74 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director 
 
 December 2018 as an officer and March 2019 as a Director 
 
 Jeffrey M. Pogol 
 
 64 
 
 Vice President 
 
 December 2019 

Directors are elected to serve until the next annual
meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified. Directors are elected by a plurality of the votes
cast at the annual meeting of stockholders and hold office until the expiration of the term for which he or she was elected and until
a successor has been elected and qualified. 

A majority of the authorized number of directors constitutes
a quorum of the Board of Directors for the transaction of business. The directors must be present at the meeting to constitute a quorum.
However, any action required or permitted to be taken by the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board
of Directors individually or collectively consent in writing to the action. 

The authorized number of directors to constitute our
Board of Directors is presently two. Pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement, High Sierra and the Company agreed that
the Company s Board of Directors, as of the Closing of the Share Exchange, would consist of two members. Our Board of Directors
is now comprised of Messrs. Lombardi and Koechlein. Executive officers are appointed by the Board of Directors and serve at its
pleasure. 

The principal occupation and business experience during
the past five years for our executive officers and directors is as follows: 

Vincent C. Lombardi, Ph.D., President, Chief Executive
Officer and Director 

Dr. Lombardi has served as the Company s Chief
Executive Officer, President and as a Director since December 31, 2018. He has served in those capacities for High Sierra since its inception
in August 2018 and continues to do so. For the past five years, Dr. Lombardi has managed a basic and clinical research program. He received
his Ph.D. in Biochemistry from the University of Nevada, Reno in 2006. He has previously served as the Director of Research for the Nevada
Center for Biomedical Research and is also an Adjunct Assistant Professor of Biochemistry with the University of Nevada, College of Agriculture,
Biotech, Natural Resources. While Dr. Lombardi is a classically trained Biochemist, he has extensive research experience in the field
of Immunology and specifically, in studying the innate immune system and how it relates to chronic disease. He also has substantial experience
in clinical research, has authored dozens of peer-reviewed scientific publications. Prior to his career in science, Dr. Lombardi worked
in the investment industry from 1983 to 1999 as a securities broker, an over-the-counter securities trader and as an investment banker.
Dr. Lombardi is the inventor of High Sierra s intellectual property and will guide the Company as its President and Chief Executive
Officer. 

Gregg W. Koechlein, Esq., Chief Operating Officer,
Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer, General Counsel and Director 

Mr. Koechlein has served as the Company s Chief
Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and General Counsel since December 31, 2018. He has served as a Director
since March 2019. He has served in 

46 

those capacities for High Sierra since its inception
in August 2018 and continues to do so. Mr. Koechlein has maintained an active law practice for the last five years focusing mainly on
transactional work, state and federal court litigation and federal appellate work. He has also provided consulting services to various
clients in the medical, clinical laboratory and restaurant sectors. Mr. Koechlein received his Juris Doctor degree from the Loyola Law
School in Los Angeles, California in 1984. He brings to the Company over 36 years of legal experience and over 48 years of business experience.
From 1987 to 1989 Mr. Koechlein was Vice President of Manufacturing and General Counsel of Super Shops, Inc. He served as its President,
Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel from 1989 to 1997. As President, he was responsible for all operational and strategic aspects
of a chain of 165 retail stores in 31 states, employing nearly 2000 people. These operations included a mail order sister company startup
that had first year annual revenues of 35 million. During his tenure, Super Shops, Inc. grew from 53 to 165 stores, one to four warehouses
and the annual consolidated revenues grew from 80 million to approximately 250 million. During this same time period, the Mallory, Inc.
subsidiary nearly tripled its annual revenues. 

Jeffrey M. Pogol, Vice President 

Mr. Pogol was elected as a Vice President of the Company
in December 2019. Mr. Pogol has over 30 years of experience in the field of sales and marketing. In 1985 he served as a sales closer at
the Tahoe Sands Resort in Tahoe Vista, California. From 1988 to 1992 Mr. Pogol was the head of High Technology Sales for Migent Software
Company located in Incline Village, Nevada. From 1992 to 1995 Mr. Pogol served as a High Technology Sales Representative for the Market
Broadcasting Corporation. From 1995 to 1998 Mr. Pogol was an owner/partner in a clothing retailer known as Name Brand Liquidators in Truckee,
California. Since that time, Mr. Pogol has worked in the Mortgage Banking Industry. During this period, Mr. Pogol has earned numerous
awards and honors for excellence in sales and team leadership. 

Scientific Advisory Committee 

The Company s Scientific Advisory Committee
consists of Glenn C. Miller, Ph.D., Karen Schlauch, Ph.D., Timothy Bailey, Ph.D. and Ruben Dagda, Ph.D. Its purpose is to advise the Board
of Directors concerning scientific matters related to the development and application of existing and new technologies. Persons may be
elected to, and removed from, the committee by vote of the Company s Board of Directors. Certain information concerning the persons
who serve on the committee follows: 

Glenn C. Miller, Ph.D., Chairman of the Scientific
Advisory Committee 

Dr. Miller serves as the Chairman of the Company s
Scientific Advisory Committee. He has served in this capacity for High Sierra since its inception in August 2018 and continues to do so.
For the past five years, Dr. Miller has managed a basic research program. Dr. Miller is a Professor of Natural Resources and Environmental
Science at the University of Nevada, Reno. He received his B.S. in Chemistry from the University of California, Santa Barbara and a Ph.D.
in Agricultural and Environmental Chemistry (1977) from the University of California at Davis. Following graduate studies, he spent a
year of postdoctoral study at the EPA s Environmental Research Laboratory in Athens, Georgia. He has been on the UNR faculty since
1978 and was Director of the Graduate Program in Environmental Sciences and Health from 1996-2006 and Director of the Center for Environmental
Sciences and Engineering from 1999-2003. Dr. Miller also currently serves on the State of Nevada s Medical Marijuana Independent
Laboratory Advisory Committee. As a member of the Scientific Advisory Committee, Dr. Miller brings over 40 years of scientific experience
to the Company. 

Karen Schlauch, Ph.D. 

Dr. Schlauch received a B.S. Mathematics / Computer
Science from the University of Illinois in 1989. She received a M.A. in Mathematics in 1991 from Eastern Illinois University as well as
a M.S. in Mathematics from New Mexico State University in 1994. Dr. Schlauch received her Ph.D. in Mathematics from New Mexico State University
in 1998. She completed her Post-Doctoral Fellowship in 2000 at the National Center for Genome Resources in Santa Fe, New Mexico. Her interest
in the fields of human biostatistics and bioinformatics began with research at the human genetics research institute at DeCODE Genetics
in Reykyavik, Iceland, and continued with genomics research in obesity and liver disease at George Mason University and INOVA Fairfax
Hospital, as well as at the genotyping facility at the Boston University School of Medicine. Her current work is centered on providing 

47 

developing new and robust mathematical and (bio) statistical
tools to analyze large whole-genome datasets for researchers state-wide, including GWAS studies, next-generation experiments, and Mass
Spectrometry studies. 

Timothy Bailey, Ph.D. 

Dr. Bailey received a B.S. in Mathematical Science
in 1977 from Stanford University. He received both a M.S. in 1991 and a Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of California, San
Diego. He completed a Post-Doctoral Fellowship at the San Diego Supercomputer Center in 2000 and a second Post-Doctoral Fellowship at
the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm, Sweden in 2001. From 2002 to 2015, Dr. Bailey was a Professor and held various Research Fellowships
at the University of Queensland, Brisbane, Old, Australia. Dr. Bailey was the creator of the sequence motif discovery algorithm MEME .
This is one of the most heavily used software tools in bioinformatics and has been used to discover and characterize patterns in DNA,
RNA and protein sequences. These patterns encode biological signals such as transcription binding sites, splice junctions and the active
sites of enzymes. The discovery and characterization of motifs has been important in the study of many biological processes including
the regulation of gene expression. MEME has been used and cited over 7000 times. MEME was one of the first algorithms introduced to attack
the problem of motif discovery in unaligned sets of sequences, and continues to be used by thousands of biologists each year. In addition
to motif discovery tools, Dr. Bailey s research has also developed several widely-used tools used for scanning DNA, RNA or protein
sequences for motifs represented as weight matrices. These tools can look for sequences enriched in a set of motifs (MAST), individual
motif occurrences (FIMO and GLAM2Scan), and sequences containing clusters of motifs characteristic of gene regulatory modules (MCAST). 

Ruben Dagda, Ph.D. 

Dr. Dagda received his Ph.D. in pharmacology from
the University of Iowa and his postdoctoral training in neuropathology at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine. He is currently
investigating the molecular mechanisms that lead to mitochondrial dysfunction and oxidative stress in cell culture, tissue and animal
models of Parkinson s disease. He has authored over 42 research manuscripts and review articles in the areas of toxicology, mitochondrial
function, autophagy, neurodegeneration, neuropathology and neurobiology. As an Associate Professor at the University of Nevada, Reno School
of Medicine, he is currently investigating the pathological mechanisms by which neurons degenerate in models of Parkinson s disease
and Alzheimer s disease. He currently holds a provisional patent to develop intranasal formulations that can restore brain energy,
and reverse neurodegeneration and motor symptoms as shown by in vivo animal models of Parkinson s disease. In addition, he is the
director of the Cell Imaging and Metabolic Core that is equipped with state-of-the art automated fluorescent imager and several metabolic
analyzers to screen for compounds that can reverse neurodegeneration and mitochondrial dysfunction at the University of Nevada, Reno School
of Medicine. 

Directorships Held in Other Reporting Companies 

None of our directors or executive officers is a director
of another company that is required to file reports under Sections 15 or 13(d) of the Exchange Act. 

Director Independence 

We have no independent directors at the present time.
We are not currently subject to listing requirements of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements
that a majority of the board of directors be independent and, as a result, we are not at this time required to have our
Board of Directors comprised of a majority of independent directors. 

Family Relationships 

There are no
family relationships among our Directors or executive officers. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During the past 10 years, no director, promoter or
control person of the Company: 

48 

has filed a petition under federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency
laws, nor had a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership
in which he was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of
which he was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; 

was convicted in a criminal proceeding or named subject to a pending criminal
proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed,
suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him or her from or otherwise limiting
the following activities: 

Acting as a futures commission merchant,
introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person
regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter,
broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association
or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; 

Engaging in any type of business practice;
or 

Engaging in any activity in connection
with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities laws or Federal
commodities laws; 

was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed,
suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such
person to engage in any activity described in the preceding bullet point, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity;

was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the
SEC to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the SEC has not been subsequently
reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the
Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by
the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 

was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative
order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

any Federal or State
securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

any law or regulation respecting financial
institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution,
civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or 

any law or regulation prohibiting mail
or wire fraud in connection with any business activity; or 

was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated, or any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered
entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization
that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

49 

Promoters and control persons. 

See the heading Transactions with Related Persons in Part
III, Item 13, below. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Our shares of common stock are registered under the
Exchange Act, and therefore our officers, directors and holders of more than 10 of our outstanding shares are subject to the provisions
of Section 16(a) which requires them to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock
and our other equity securities. Officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulations to furnish
us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based solely upon our review of reports filed during, or with respect to,
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we believe that all officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners are in compliance
with the filing requirements of Section 16(a). 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics for our principal
executive and financial officers. Our Code of Ethics was filed as an Exhibit to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement
on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 7, 2019. 

Corporate Governance 

Nominating Committee 

We have not established a Nominating Committee because
of our limited operations; and because we have only two directors and executive officers, we believe that we are able to effectively manage
the issues normally considered by a Nominating Committee. Following the entry into any business combination or the completion of any acquisition,
merger or reorganization, a further review of this issue will no doubt be necessitated and undertaken by new management. 

Audit Committee 

We have not established an Audit Committee because
of our limited operations; and because we have only two directors and executive officers, we believe that we are able to effectively manage
the issues normally considered by an Audit Committee. Following the entry into any business combination or the completion of any acquisition,
merger or reorganization, a further review of this issue will no doubt be necessitated and undertaken by new management. 

50 

ITEM 11: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following tables disclose certain compensation
information concerning the Company s officers and directors during the past two fiscal years. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Principal Position 
 (a) 
 
 Year 

(b) 
 
 Salary 
 ) 

(c) 
 
 Bonus 
 ) 

(d) 
 
 Stock Awards 
 ) 
 
 (e) 
 
 Option Awards 
 ) 
 
 (f) 
 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 ) 
 (g) 
 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 
 ) 
 (h) 
 
 All Other Compensation 
 ) 
 
 (i) 
 
 Total 
 Earnings 
 ) 
 
 (j) 

Vincent C. Lombardi 
 CEO, President Director 
 
 12/31/2022 
 12/31/2021 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

Gregg W. Koechlein CFO, COO, Sec./Treas. 
 Director 
 
 12/31/2022 
 12/31/2021 

0 
 0 

15,000 
 12,250 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

15,000 
 12,250 

Jeffrey M. Pogol, 
 Vice President 
 
 12/31/2022 
 12/31/2021 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 Note 1 
 
 0 
 0 
 
 0 
 0 
 
 0 
 0 
 
 0 
 0 
 
 0 
 2,000 

Note 1: On February 26, 2021, we issued 10,000 shares of our restricted
common stock to Jeffrey M. Pogol for services rendered valued in the amount of 2,000. 

51 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 
 Option Exercise Price 
 ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 
 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have
 Not Vested 
 ) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Vested Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (g) 
 (h) 
 (i) 
 (j) 
 
 Vincent C. Lombardi 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 Gregg W. Koechlein 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 Jeffrey M. Pogols 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 

Compensation of Directors 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (g) 
 (h) 
 
 Vincent C. Lombardi 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 Gregg W. Koechlein 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 

Mr. Koechlein was paid 12,500 for services in the
year ended December 31, 2021 and 15,000 for services in the year ended December 31, 2022. Mr. Pogol received 10,000 shares of the Company s
common stock in February 2021 as compensation for 2,000 of services rendered. Mr. Lombardi and Mr. Koechlein have indicated that they
do not intend to draw salaries from the Company until such time as the Company has sufficient funds to support one year s operating
expenses. 

ITEM 12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 

The following tables set forth the shareholdings of
those persons who were principal shareholders of our common stock as of April 17, 2023: 

52 

Ownership of Principal Shareholders 

Title Of Class 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Percent of Class 
 
 Common 
 
 Vincent C. Lombardi 
 979 Westcliff Lane 
 Reno, Nevada 89523 
 8,010,000 
 38.85 
 
 Common 
 
 Gregg W. Koechlein 
 2560 Greensboro Drive 
 Reno, Nevada 89509 
 3,250,000 
 15.76 
 
 Common 
 
 Kenny L. De Meirleir 
 Stuivenbergbaan 89 
 2800 Mechelen 
 Belgium 
 1,800,000 
 8.73 
 
 Common 
 
 Biored, N.V. 
 De Tyraslaan 
 111 
 1120 Brussels 
 Belgium 
 1,800,000 
 8.73 
 
 Common 
 
 Michael Vardakis 
 601 South State Street 
 Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 
 1,087,525 
 5.27 
 
 Totals 
 
 15,947,525 
 77.34 

(1) Unless indicated otherwise, all share ownership is direct. 

SEC Rule 13d-3 generally provides that beneficial
owners of securities include any person who, directly or indirectly, has or shares voting power and/or investment power with respect to
such securities, and any person who has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of such security within 60 days. Any securities not
outstanding which are subject to such options, warrants or conversion privileges exercisable within 60 days are treated as outstanding
for the purpose of computing the percentage of outstanding securities owned by that person. Such securities are not treated as outstanding
for the purpose of computing the percentage of the class owned by any other person. At the present time there are no outstanding options
or warrants. 

Security Ownership of Management 

The following table sets forth the shareholdings of
our directors and executive officers as of April 17, 2023: 

Ownership of Officers and Directors 

Title of Class 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Owner 
 Percent of Class 
 
 Common 
 Vincent C. Lombardi 
 8,010,000 
 38.85 
 
 Common 
 Gregg W. Koechlein 
 3,250,000 
 15.76 . 
 
 Common 
 Jeffrey M. Pogol 
 210,000 
 1.01 

Totals 
 
 11,470,000 
 55.62 

(1) Unless indicated otherwise, all share ownership is direct. 

SEC Rule 13d-3 generally provides that beneficial
owners of securities include any person who, directly or indirectly, has or shares voting power and/or investment power with respect to
such securities, and any person who has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of such security within 60 days. Any securities not
outstanding which 

53 

are subject to such options, warrants or conversion
privileges exercisable within 60 days are treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of outstanding securities
owned by that person. Such securities are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of the class owned by
any other person. At the present time there are no outstanding options or warrants. 

Changes in Control 

A change in control occurred December 31, 2018 when
we acquired our wholly-owned subsidiary, High Sierra Technologies, Inc. To the best knowledge of management, there are no present arrangements
or pledges of our securities which may result in a change in control of us. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans excluding securities reflected in column (a) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 
 Total 
 None 
 None 
 None 

ITEM 13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTORS
INDEPENDENCE 

Transactions with Related Persons 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
paid back 10,000 of the loans owed to our current President and director, Vincent C. Lombardi. As of December 31, 2021 and December 31,
2022, the Company had an outstanding balance due on notes payable-related party to Mr. Lombardi of 13,306. 

The Company has incurred an interest expense-related
party of 1,597 and 2,152 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in connection with the notes payable to Mr.
Lombardi. The Company has interest accrued on the above notes in the amount of 8,963 and 7,366 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
in connection with the notes payable to Mr. Lombardi. 

Promoters and Certain Control Persons 

See the heading Transactions with Related Persons above. 

Parents of the Smaller Reporting Company 

We have no parents. 

Director Independence 

We do not have any independent directors serving on
our Board of Directors, and we are not required to have independent directors. 

54 

ITEM 14: PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The following is a summary of the fees billed to us
by our principal accountants during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021: 

Fee Category 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 
 13,034 

12,250 
 
 Audit-related Fees 
 
 0 

0 
 
 Tax Fees 
 
 0 

0 
 
 All Other Fees 
 
 0 

0 
 
 Total Fees 
 
 13,034 

12,250 

Audit Fees - Consists of fees for professional
services rendered by our principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements
included in our Forms 10-Q or services that are normally provided by our principal accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements. 

Audit-related Fees - Consists of fees for assurance
and related services by our principal accountants that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and are not reported under Audit fees. 

Tax Fees - Consists of fees for professional
services rendered by our principal accountants for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All Other Fees - Consists of fees for products
and services provided by our principal accountants, other than the services reported under Audit fees, Audit-related
fees, and Tax fees above. 

Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit
and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors 

We have not adopted an Audit Committee; therefore,
there is no Audit Committee policy in this regard. However, we do require approval from the board of directors in advance of the performance
of professional services to be provided to us by our principal accountant. Additionally, all services rendered by our principal accountant
are performed pursuant to a written engagement letter between us and the principal accountant. 

55 

PART IV 

ITEM 15: EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1)(2) Financial Statements.
See our audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, contained in Part II, Item
8, above, which are incorporated herein by this reference. 

(a)(3) Exhibits. The
following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

Exhibit No. Exhibit Description 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation filed May 9, 1996 
 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 
 3.3 
 By-Laws 
 
 10.1 
 Promissory Note with Larry Mamey dated June 6, 2019 
 
 10.2 
 Promissory Note with Biored N.V., a Belgian corporation, dated July 30, 2019 
 
 10.3 
 Promissory Note with Kenny L. DeMeirleir dated August 12, 2020 
 
 10.4 
 Promissory Note with Michael Vardakis dated December 31, 2020 
 
 10.5 
 Promissory Note with Vincent C. Lombardi dated December 31, 2020 
 
 10.6 
 Promissory Note with Michael Vardakis dated December 31, 2020 
 
 10.7 
 Amended Consulting Agreement with Stanley Berk/Steven Leatherman (SBSL Consultants) and Jeff Baclet/Tom Prutzman (Consultants) dated December 28, 2020 
 
 10.8 
 Form of Series 2 Senior Convertible Secured Promissory Note 
 
 10.9 
 Tenth Amendment to Promissory Note with Larry Mamey dated February 11, 2021 
 
 10.10 
 Third Amendment to Promissory Note with Biored, N.V. dated July 29, 2021 
 
 10.11 
 First Amendment to Promissory Note with Kenny L. DeMeirleir dated August 6, 2021 
 
 10.12 
 Second Amendment to Promissory Note with Michael Vardakis dated June 22, 2021 
 
 10.13 
 Second Amendment to Promissory Note with Vincent C. Lombardi dated June 18, 2021 
 
 10.14 
 Second Amendment to Promissory Note with Michael Vardakis dated June 22, 2021 
 
 10.15 
 Lease Agreement with 3 Squirrels, LLC dated November 9, 2021 
 
 10.16 
 First Amendment to Lease Agreement with 3 Squirrels, LLC dated January 30, 2022 
 
 10.17 
 Finders Fee Agreement between the Company and Vestech Securities, Inc. dated February 24, 2022 
 
 10.18 
 Agreement with Boustead Securities dated November 9, 2022 
 
 10.19 
 Promissory Note with John Cathcart dated October 27, 2022 
 
 10.20 
 Joint Venture Agreement with Hempacco Co., Inc. dated November 17, 2022 
 
 10.21 
 Hemp Smokables Production Agreement with Hempacco Co., Inc. dated November 17, 2022 
 
 10.22 
 License Agreement between the Company and Organipure dated November 17, 2022 
 
 10.23 
 License Agreement between Hempacco Co. Inc. and Organipure dated November 17, 2022 
 
 10.24 
 Series Promissory Note for 500,000 between the Company and Organipure dated November 17, 2022 
 
 10.25 
 Series Promissory Note for 500,000 between Hempacco Co., Inc. and Organipure dated November 17, 2022 
 
 10.26 
 Second Amendment to Lease Agreement with 3 Squirrels, LLC dated January 30, 2023 
 
 10.27 
 Promissory Note with John Cathcart dated February 10, 2023 
 
 14 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 21 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

56 

101 INS	XBRL Instance
Document 

 101 PRE	XBRL Taxonomy
Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

 101 LAB	XBRL Taxonomy
Extension Label Linkbase Document 

 101 DEF	XBRL Taxonomy
Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

 101 CAL	XBRL Taxonomy
Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

 101 SCH	XBRL Taxonomy
Extension Schema Document 

Incorporated by reference from the Company s Amendment No. 2 to
its Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 7, 2019. 

Incorporated by reference from the Company s Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2020 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 20, 2020. 

Incorporated by reference from the Company s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 14, 2021. 

Incorporated by reference from the Company s Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2021 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 16, 2021. 

Incorporated by reference from the Company s Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2021 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 15, 2021. 

Incorporated by reference from the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2022. 

Incorporated by reference from the Company s Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 15, 2022. 

Incorporated by Reference from the Company s Current Report
on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2022. 

Incorporated by reference from the Company s Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 18, 2022. 

ITEM 16: FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

57 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

HIGH SIERRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Date: 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Vincent C. Lombardi 

Vincent C. Lombardi 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

HIGH SIERRA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Date: 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Vincent C. Lombardi 

Vincent C. Lombardi 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

Date: 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Gregg W. Koechlein 

Gregg W. Koechlein 

Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director 

58 

<EX-10>
 2
 ex10-26.htm
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT WITH 3 SQUIRRELS, LLC

SECOND AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT 

This Second Amendment to Lease
Agreement (the Amendment is made by and between 3 Squirrels, LLC (the Landlord and High Sierra Technologies,
Inc. (the Tenant to be effective as of February 1, 2023 notwithstanding the actual dates of execution of this Amendment
by the parties hereto. 

WHEREAS, the Landlord and the
Tenant are parties to that certain Lease Agreement dated November 9, 2021 that was previously amended as of February 1, 2022 (the Lease ). 

WHEREAS, the parties to the Lease
now wish to amend certain terms, conditions and provisions that were originally set forth in the Lease, as it has been previously amended. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual promises, covenants and agreements set forth herein, the Landlord and the Tenant hereby promise, covenant and agree as follows. 

1. Sub-Section 1.03, is hereby
partially stricken and the stricken language shall no longer be of any force and effect. Said Sub-Section 1.03 is hereby partially replaced
by certain new Sub-Section 1.03 language which shall read as follows. 

1.03 Base Rent .
The Annual Rate Per Square Foot is now amended to read 0.88. The Monthly Base Rent is now amended to read 1,291.36 

2. Sub-Section 1.06, as previously
amended, is hereby stricken in its entirety and shall no longer be of any force and effect. Said Sub-Section 1.06, as previously amended,
is hereby replaced by a new Sub-Section 1.06 which shall read as follows. 

1.06 Term .
A period of 12 months. Subject to Section 2, the Term shall commence on February 1, 2023 (the Commencement Date and, unless
terminated early in accordance with this Lease; end on January 31, 2024 (the Termination Date ). 

3. All other terms, conditions
and provisions of the Lease not expressly modified or amended by this Amendment shall remain in full force and effect. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have hereunto set their hands to be effective as of the day and date first above-written. 

3 Squirrels, LLC 

By: /s/ Scott Dunseath Dated: January 18, 2023 

 Scott Dunseath, its Manager 

High Sierra Technologies, Inc. 

By: /s/ Gregg W. Koechlein Dated: January 11, 2023 

 Gregg W.Koechlein, 

 its Chief Operating Officer 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 ex10-27.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE WITH JOHN CATHCART DATED FEBRUARY 10, 2023

PROMISSORY NOTE 

City of Reno 

 State of Nevada 

 February 10, 2023 

For value received, High Sierra
Technologies, Inc., a Colorado Corporation (the Maker ), of 1495 Ridgeview Drive, Suite 230A, in the City of Reno, State
of Nevada 89519 promises to pay to the order of John Cathcart or his successors and assigns, at his principal office located at 775 Mays
Blvd., No. 10-450, in the City of Incline Village, State of Nevada 89451 (the Payee ), the sum of Ten Thousand Dollars and
No Cents 10,000.00) together with any interest accrued on the unpaid principal balance as, and to the extent, provided for in this Note.
Interest shall accrue on the principal balance only. 

This Note shall accrue interest
at an annual rate of twelve percent (12 ). No payments of principal or interest shall be required hereunder until the Maturity Date, as
defined herein. The then unpaid principal balance of this Note, together with any unpaid interest accrued thereon, shall be all due and
payable on August 10, 2023 (the Maturity Date unless such Maturity Date is extended by the mutual agreement of the parties
hereto. 

As of the date of this Note, the
Maker shall also cause a Warrant to be issued to the Payee for the purchase of 10,000 shares of its common stock at a price of One Dollar
and Fifty Cents 1.50) per share. 

At any time during the term of
this Note, the Maker may, without penalty, prepay the unpaid principal balance of this Note, or any portion thereof, along with all interest
accrued on the principal balance through and including the date of repayment in the event of a complete repayment of the principal balance.
In the event of a partial repayment of the principal balance, interest shall then accrue based on the new principal balance. Maker may
also make interest only payments at any time during the term of this Note. 

Payee shall have the right, which
may be exercised at any time in accordance herewith, to pledge or transfer this Note, and any pledgee or transferee shall have all the
rights of Payee and Payee shall be thereafter relieved from any liability with respect to any such pledge or transfer. 

On the happening of any of the
following events, each of which will constitute an event of default under this Note, all indebtedness, obligations and liabilities of
Maker to Payee shall become immediately due and payable at the option of Payee: (1) failure of Maker to pay any payment when due after
the expiration of the applicable cure period of ten (10 business days; (2) failure of Maker to perform any agreement or obligation under
this Note; (3) filing of any petition in bankruptcy by or against Maker; or (4) application for appointment of a receiver for, making
of a general assignment for the benefit of creditors by, or insolvency of Maker. On occurrence of any such event of default and the 

1 

expiration of any applicable cure period, or at any
time thereafter, Payee shall have the remedies of an unsecured party under the laws of the State of Nevada. 

Upon the occurrence of any event
of default, and the expiration of the cure period of ten (10) business days, that has not been expressly waived by Payee, all principal
amounts then due shall bear interest at the default rate of interest, that being eighteen percent (18 until such time as the obligations
hereunder have been satisfied. Payee may waive any event of default before or after the event of default has been declared without impairing
its right to declare a subsequent event of default under this Note, this right being a continuing one. 

Maker hereby expressly waives presentment,
demand of payment, notice of nonpayment, protest and notice of protest of this Note, and all exemptions. If this Note is not paid when
due, Maker hereby expressly agrees to pay all costs and expenses of collection, including reasonable attorney s fees. Payee shall
in no event be liable to any party for failure to collect this Note, in whole or in part. 

It is the intention of Payee and
Maker to comply strictly with any applicable usury laws; and, accordingly, in no event and upon no contingency shall the holder of this
Note ever be entitled to receive, collect, or apply as interest any interest, fees, charges or other payments equivalent to interest,
in excess of the maximum effective contract rate which Payee may lawfully charge under applicable statutes and laws from time to time
in effect; and in the event that the holder hereof ever receives, collects, or applies as interest any such excess, such amount which,
but for this provision, would be excessive interest, shall be applied to the reduction of the principal amount of the indebtedness evidenced
by this Note; and if the principal amount of the indebtedness evidenced by this Note, all lawful interest thereon and all lawful fees
and charges in connection therewith, are paid in full, any remaining excess shall forthwith be paid to Maker, or other party lawfully
entitled thereto. All interest paid or agreed to be paid by Maker shall, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, be amortized,
prorated, allocated and spread throughout the full period until payment in full of the principal so that the interest hereon for such
full period shall not exceed the maximum amount permitted by applicable law. Any provision hereof, or of any other agreement between the
holder hereof and Maker, that operates to bind, obligate, or compel Maker to pay interest in excess of such maximum effective contract
rate shall be construed to require the payment of the maximum rate only. The provisions of this paragraph shall be given precedence over
any other provision contained in this Note or in any other agreement between the holder of this Note and Maker that is in conflict with
the provisions of this paragraph. 

This Note applies to, inures to
the benefit of, and binds all parties hereto, their heirs, legatees, devisees, administrators, executors, successors and assigns. The
term Payee shall mean the owner and holder, including pledgees, of this Note, whether or not named as Payee herein. In this Note whenever
the context so requires, the masculine gender includes the feminine and/or neuter, and the singular number includes the plural. 

Should a dispute arise between
any of the parties hereto regarding the meaning of this Note, the enforcement of this Note or any claim or dispute related to this Note,
then the prevailing party, in addition to whatever other relief such party may be entitled to, shall also recover its reasonable 

2 

attorneys fees and costs incurred in connection
with such dispute whether such dispute was resolved judicially, by mediation, by arbitration or by any other means, formal or informal. 

This Note shall be construed and
enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to its conflicts of laws principles. The exclusive jurisdiction
and venue to hear and determine any claim, dispute or other controversy, of any nature whatsoever, related to this Note, shall be any
state or federal court in the County of Washoe, State of Nevada having subject matter jurisdiction over the matters at issue. 

This Note represents the entire
agreement between the parties hereto related to the matters set forth herein and expressly replaces and supersedes any and all previous
agreements, oral, or in writing, between the parties hereto related to the matters set forth herein. This Note may not be modified or
amended except by an amendment, in writing, executed by all parties hereto. 

Time is of the essence in this
Note and each and every provision hereof. 

If any term, condition or provision
of this Note shall be deemed invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, that term, condition or provision shall be
deemed severed from this Note and the remainder of the terms, conditions and provisions of this Note shall remain valid, enforceable and
in full force and effect to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

MAKER HEREBY, AND PAYEE BY ITS
ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTE, KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE THE RIGHT EITHER MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY
LITIGATION ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS NOTE AND ANY OTHER AGREEMENTS EXECUTED OR CONTEMPLATED TO BE EXECUTED IN
CONNECTION HEREWITH, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENT (WHETHER VERBAL
OR WRITTEN) OR ACTION OF EITHER PARTY, WHETHER IN CONNECTION WITH THE MAKING OF THIS NOTE, COLLECTION OF THIS NOTE OR OTHERWISE. THIS
PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR PAYEE AGREEING TO ACCEPT THIS NOTE. 

In
witness whereof , Maker has executed this Note to be effective as of the day and date set forth above. 

High Sierra Technologies, Inc., a Colorado Corporation 

By: /s/ Vincent C. Lombardi 

 Vincent C. Lombardi, its Chief Executive Officer 

3 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 4
 ex21.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21 - Subsidiaries 

The Company s subsidiaries are High Sierra Technologies,
Inc., a Nevada Corporation, Gulf Acquisition, Inc., a Nevada Corporation and the 50 interest in Organipure, Inc., a Nevada Corporation.
The Company controls 50 of the Board of Directors of Organipure, Inc. 

</EX-21>

<EX-31>
 5
 ex31-1.htm
 302 CERTIFICATION OF VINCENT LOMBARDI

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Vincent C. Lombardi, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of High Sierra
Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions); 

a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Vincent C. Lombardi 

Vincent C. Lombardi, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 ex31-2.htm
 302 CERTIFICATION OF GREGG KOECHLEIN

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Gregg W. Koechlein, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of High Sierra
Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions); 

a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 By: 
 / s/ Gregg Koechlein 

Gregg W. Koechlein, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 ex32.htm
 906 CERTIFICATIONS

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of High Sierra
Technologies, Inc. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Vincent C. Lombardi, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Registrant, and
I, Gregg W. Koechlein, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the
Registrant. 

Date: 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Vincent C. Lombardi 

Vincent C. Lombardi, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

Date: 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Gregg W. Koechlein 

Gregg W. Koechlein, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director 

This certification accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not,
except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Registrant for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it
by reference. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 hsti-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 hsti-20221231_cal.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 hsti-20221231_def.xml
 INLLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 hsti-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 hsti-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

