<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230412_10-K_edgar_data_1642380_0001493152-23-012005.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11554544</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>476828</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1772593</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3397523</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2588732</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3055835</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012005.hdr.sgml : 20230412
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230412165407
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230412
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230412

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Oncocyte Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001642380
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	IN VITRO & IN VIVO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES [2835]
		IRS NUMBER:				271041563
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37648
		FILM NUMBER:		23816233

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 CUSHING
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-409-7600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 CUSHING
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OncoCyte Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200213

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Oncocyte Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200205

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OncoCyte Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150513

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012005.txt : 20230412

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___________ to __________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

,

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to
Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the
correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check
mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received
by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes 

The
approximate aggregate market value of shares of voting common stock held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
shares of common stock were last sold as of June 30, 2022 was approximately million. Shares held by each executive officer and
director and by each person who beneficially owns more than 10 of the outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such persons
may under certain circumstances be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination
for other purposes. 

As
of April 5, 2023, there were outstanding shares of common stock, no par value. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Oncocyte
Corporation 

 Table
of Contents 

Page 
 Number 
 
 Part I. 
 Financial
 Information 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 5 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 20 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 44 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 44 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 44 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 44 

Part II. 
 Other
 Information 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 45 

Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 45 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 46 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 61 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 62 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 115 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 115 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 115 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 115 

Part III. 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 116 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 116 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, and Related Stockholder Matters 
 116 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 116 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 116 

Part IV. 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 117 

Item
 16. 
 Summary 
 122 

Signatures 
 
 123 

2 

PART
I 

Certain
statements contained herein are forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995,
including, but not limited to, statements pertaining to future financial and/or operating results, future growth in research, technology,
clinical development, and potential opportunities for Oncocyte, along with other statements about the future expectations, beliefs, goals,
plans, or prospects expressed by management constitute forward-looking statements. Any statements that are not historical fact (including,
but not limited to statements that contain words such as anticipate, believe, can, continue, 
 could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, project, 
 seek, should, strategy, target, will, would should
also be considered to be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation,
risks inherent in the development and/or commercialization of potential products, uncertainty in the results of clinical trials or regulatory
approvals, need and ability to obtain future capital, and maintenance of intellectual property rights. Actual results may differ materially
from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements and as such should be evaluated together with the many uncertainties
that affect the businesses of Oncocyte, particularly those mentioned in this Report under Risk Factors . Except as required
by law, Oncocyte undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date
of such statements. 

The
forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements about: 

the
 timing and potential achievement of future milestones; 

the
 timing and our ability to obtain and maintain coverage and reimbursements from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services and
 other third-party payers; 

our
 plans to pursue research and development of diagnostic test candidates; 

the
 potential commercialization of diagnostic tests currently in development; 

the
 timing and success of future clinical research and the period during which
the results of the clinical research will become available; 

the
 potential receipt of revenue from current sales of our diagnostic tests
and/or diagnostic tests in development; 

our
 assumptions regarding obtaining reimbursement and reimbursement rates of
our current diagnostic tests and/or diagnostic tests in development; 

our
 estimates regarding future orders of tests and our ability to perform a projected number of tests; 

our
 estimates and assumptions around the patient populations, market size and
price points for reimbursement for our diagnostic tests 

our
 estimates regarding future revenues, operating expenses, and future capital requirements; 

our
 intellectual property position; 

the
 impact of government laws and regulations; 

the
 uncertainties associated with the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, including its possible effects on our operations
 and the demand for our diagnostic tests and Pharma Services; 

our
 ability to efficiently and flexibly manage our business amid uncertainties related to COVID-19; and 

our
 competitive position. 

Unless
the context otherwise requires, all references to Oncocyte, we, us, our, the
Company or similar words refer to Oncocyte Corporation, together with our consolidated subsidiaries. 

The
description or discussion, in this Form 10-K, of any contract or agreement is a summary only and is qualified in all respects by reference
to the full text of the applicable contract or agreement. 

DetermaIO ,
DetermaCNI , and VitaGraft are trademarks of Oncocyte Corporation, regardless of whether the TM symbol accompanies
the use of or reference to the applicable trademark in this Report. 

3 

INDUSTRY
AND MARKET DATA 

This
Annual Report Report on Form 10-K contains market data and industry forecasts that were obtained from industry publications,
third party market research and publicly available information. These publications generally state that the information contained therein
has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. While we believe that the information from these publications is reliable, we
have not independently verified such information. 

This
Report also contains estimates and other statistical data made by independent parties and by us relating to market size and growth and
other data about our industry. We obtained the industry and market data in this Report from our own research as well as from industry
and general publications, surveys and studies conducted by third parties, some of which may not be publicly available. Such data involves
a number of assumptions and limitations and contains projections and estimates of the future performance of the industries in which we
operate that are subject to a high degree of uncertainty. We caution you not to give undue weight to such projections, assumptions and
estimates. 

4 

Item
1. Business 

Oncocyte
Corporation (referred to in this report as Oncocyte, we, us, and our is a partner
in the healthcare and life science field to researchers and physicians through Oncocyte s development and acquisitions of proprietary
molecular technologies in the fields of oncology and transplantation. Through a series of acquisitions, the Company has built a portfolio
of differentiated content with utility in well-established clinical and research markets. 

With
the increased adoption of precision medicine, healthcare providers are relying on advanced testing to identify patients who will benefit
from new, targeted treatments and therapies that are more effective and often have fewer side effects than chemotherapy and other traditional
treatments. In addition to identifying these individualized treatment options, researchers and healthcare providers are looking to new
technologies to rapidly identify when medical or therapeutic interventions are necessary. The Company is leveraging its experience in
oncology and transplant to develop and commercialize diagnostic testing at its licensed and accredited laboratory as well as focusing
on the development of distributable kitted formats of these technologies to place in the hands of researchers to study how these tests
can be further utilized in other types of cancers in their local communities. Commercialization of these RUO products are expected to
occur through a mix of direct sales, partnering and distribution agreements, and licensing. 

We
have a CLIA certified/ CAP accredited laboratory and Pharma Services lab in Nashville, Tennessee, and a research and development lab
in G ttingen, Germany. We may sometimes refer to our technologies as diagnostic tests. Oncocyte s laboratory
developed tests are intended to help support and inform physician decision-making but are not themselves diagnostic or prescriptive of
treatment decisions. They are critical to the Company s ability to carry out its mission to improve patient outcomes by providing personalized
insights that inform critical decisions throughout the patient care journey. We believe that if clinicians are given the right information
and educational tools, they will make the right choices with their patients. 

The
Company believes that the experience of its team with diverse technologies through its pharma services activities (acquired through Insight
Genetics), strong scientific integrity regarding evidence generation and innovation mentality, alongside the company s flexibility
in operations and regulatory strategy, will drive its success, differentiate the Company, and are foundational to its future. 

The
Company is expanding its role in the rapidly evolving healthcare market by strengthening its positions across its portfolio of capabilities,
growing strategic opportunities that drive new business, and differentiating its unique offerings, capabilities, and financial performance.
To do so, the Company is focusing on executing the following technology priorities, which have evolved to reflect its operations and
strategic vision: 

1.
Strategic Review of Priorities and Capital / Resource Allocation 

Spin-off
of DetermaRx 

As
part of our initial strategy on the broader diagnostic continuum, we launched the DetermaRx test via our acquisition of in Razor Genomics,
Inc. Razor in September 2019. During February 2021 we acquired all outstanding shares of Razor common stock which made
Razor a wholly owned subsidiary of Oncocyte. 

In
February 2023, we sold approximately 70 of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Razor to buyers who are experienced in the
development of early-stage lung cancer diagnostics and the provision of gene-expression-based prognostic tests. As part of the same transaction
in February 2023, we transferred to Razor all of the assets and liabilities related to DetermaRx. We continue to retain approximately
30 of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Razor on a fully-diluted basis. For more information regarding this transaction,
see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Razor Genomics
Purchase Agreement. 

DetermaRx

DetermaRx
is the first and only test to predict patient s risk of cancer recurrence following surgery and response to chemotherapy in early-stage
lung cancer, and was our first test to be commercialized and reimbursed by Medicare. DetermaRx serves an unmet clinical need by helping
to guide treatment decisions given the 30-50 mortality rate in patients in the absence of timely chemotherapy treatment. Prior to our
transfer to Razor of all of the assets and liabilities related to DetermaRx, in February 2023, we commercialized and performed DetermaRx
tests at a CLIA certified laboratory in Irvine. 

5 

2.
Expand Biomarker Technologies to Drive Advancements for Patient Management Oncology 

The
field of oncology receives significant investment in research, development, and treatment, yet it remains an area of great unmet medical
need. For patients diagnosed with cancer, immunotherapies, particularly immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI s) targeting PD-1 and
PD-L1, help recruit the body s immune system to attack the growing tumor. Current predictive biomarkers, including PD-L1 and Tumor
Mutational Burden or TMB, have shown only limited ability to accurately predict which patients will respond to an immunotherapy. 

According
to published literature, more than half of PD-L1 positive patients do not respond to immune-checkpoint inhibitors, and 1 in 6 patients
who will respond are missed. ICIs are approved in 16 different tumor types, and it is estimated that 4.1 million patients are eligible
for these drugs worldwide. Pharmaceutical companies are continuing to invest heavily in this space, with hundreds of clinical trials
ongoing, and a number of drugs approved by the FDA, including pembrolizumab (Keytruda), nivolumab (Opdivo), and atezolizumab (Tecentriq). 

Although
ICI treatments can be highly effective in the right patients, ICI s can also have significant side effects which include exacerbation
of latent autoimmune disorders, there is a compelling medical and health economic unmet need for a biomarker that can (1) identify responder
populations missed by current biomarkers, (2) inform the use of ICI s in combination with traditional cytotoxic chemotherapy, (3)
support patient stratification clinical trials for next generation immunomodulating therapies, and (4) provide a reliable measurement
of the tumor immune microenvironment for researchers in biopharma and academia. 

DetermaIO

Through
the acquisition of Insight in January 2020, Oncocyte has expanded its oncology portfolio to include a novel gene expression-based test
called DetermaIO, which assesses the tumor microenvironment and identifies patients whose immune system is poised to benefit from immunotherapy.
DetermaIO measures the expression level of twenty-seven selected genes which are interpreted through the use of a proprietary algorithm
(patent pending) which computes a quantitative score IO Score that incorporates information from the immune inflammatory
infiltrates within and around the tumor combined with information from the wound response surrounding the tumor. 

Oncocyte
successfully completed the CLIA Validation of DetermaIO in April 2020. DetermaIO has demonstrated in multiple clinical studies, including
a gold-standard randomized clinical trial (RCT) to provide incremental utility beyond established biomarkers used to identify patients
who will have a response to ICIs. The test has been successfully validated in four tumor types and across all four major ICIs (Keytruda,
Opdivo, Tecentriq and Imfinizi). 

As
of Q4 2021, this test is currently available as part of a non-clinical early access program with leaders in the immuno-oncology field.
A kitted research product format of the underlying technology began proof-of-concept development in the first quarter of 2023. 

DetermaIO
as a Clinically Validated Laboratory Test 

DetermaIO
incorporates measurement of activity of genes expressed in immune effector cells, genes expressed in activated wound response cells,
and in some cases, genes expressed by the tumor itself. It is the combination of measurement of these three signals that we believe distinguishes
DetermaIO from most other approaches. An established threshold is used to classify patients as likely responder or likely non-responder
whose association with response to immune therapy has now been validated in several independent clinical studies in multiple different
cancer types. 

Based
on our projected reimbursable pricing model, that the clinical use of DetermaIO will address a potential 3 billion total addressable
market TAM opportunity. The actual TAM for DetermaIO in medical practice will depend upon a variety of factors including
our ability to demonstrate the efficacy and clinical utility of the test, the extent of physician acceptance of the test, whether the
test will be approved for Medicare reimbursement, and, if reimbursement is approved, the actual approved reimbursement price. 

DetermaIO s
 IO Score as a Biomarker for Further Research 

The
early success of ICIs has stimulated deeper investigation into the mechanism by which tumors evade the immune system which has revealed
a complex interplay between tumor evasion strategies, the activity of immune effector cells and the tissue repair mechanisms that modulate
anti-tumor activity. The balance between signal from the tumor, signals from the inflammatory cells invading the tumor, and signals from
the wound response are now understood to account for resistance to ICI s and are the target of second-generation therapeutic strategies
to overcome resistance. 

We
believe DetermaIO is a direct measure the status of the tumor immune microenvironment and as such identifies those tumors poised to respond
to the addition of ICI s. We believe that the integration of the signal from the Hot component of the tumor with
the Cold immune repressive features, and in some cases the exclusion of immune cells altogether, an immune desert, is superior
to measuring any of these physiologies alone. 

There
are approximately 3,000 PD-1/PD-L1 targeted therapy clinical trials ongoing that are expected to recruit over 500,000 patients. This
represents a potential 1 billion market opportunity for immune-therapy clinical trial services to pharma companies developing ICIs which
could be supported by our laboratory in Nashville and/or through a future kitted RUO product. 

DetermaCNI

Therapy
response monitoring is an emerging estimated 6B clinical opportunity in the US. Current standard of care, CT/MRI imaging, can struggle
to differentiate between progression and pseudo-progression, where a tumor will appear larger but is a side-effect of the immunotherapy
working. Minimally invasive blood-based monitoring technology, like DetermaCNI, provides physicians a secondary data point to assess
the effectiveness of therapy. 

The
test converts cell-free DNA (cfDNA) next-generation sequencing (NGS) results into a proprietary genome-wide copy number instability (CNI)
score which can be used to monitor and guide ongoing treatment decisions. This test is differentiated from other monitoring tests in
two ways; (1) it does not require tumor tissue upfront which can be hard or impossible to obtain, and (2) the test measures copy number
variation instead of mutations identified in a patient s diagnostic biopsy specimen. 

6 

3.
Expand Biomarker Technologies to Drive Advancements for Patient Management Transplant 

Clinicians
have limited options in assessing graft health post-transplantation. Traditional methods to assess transplant organ damage are imprecise,
invasive, and/or inadequate. Donor-derived cell-free DNA (dd-cfDNA) is one of the best investigated biomarkers, with an increasing number
of clinical validation studies published. Most of these studies focused on the percentage of the total cfDNA in the patients plasma
[dd-cfDNA( )], however, changes in host cfDNA, which represents the denominator in the percentage calculations, over time adds an additional
source of possible uncertainty. If the denominator (concentration of total cfDNA in plasma) is not constant, or at least does not have
a narrow window under all conceivable clinical conditions, dd-cfDNA( values can change without a change in the value of the analyte.
To remove this variable and cause of uncertainty, Oncocyte has introduced VitaGraft, a test to measure not only the percentage of dd-cfDNA,
but also the absolute quantification dd-cfDNA, expressed as copies/mL. 

VitaGraft

Through
the acquisition of Chronix Biomedical, we gained access to two patents in the field of the detection and quantification of donor derived
cell-free DNA (dd-cfDNA) in patients after organ transplantation. The dd-cfDNA biomarker has been shown to be a very valuable tool to
the traditional surveillance of graft health after transplantation and is currently an estimated 2B reimbursed market in the United
States under a blanket LCD. 

VitaGraft
as a Clinically Validated Laboratory Test 

In
October 2021, our patent filing for the use of digital PCR for the quantification of dd-cfDNA was issued by the USPTO. Oncocyte successfully
completed the technology transfer to our laboratory in Nashville in Q2 2022. The assay is analytically and clinically validated in three
major solid organ transplant types (kidney, liver and heart) by peer reviewed international publications. Oncocyte has submitted to MolDx
for reimbursement for its kidney and liver tests. These tests are currently available as part of a non-clinical early access program
with leaders in the transplantation field. 

VitaGraft s
dd-cfDNA Quantification as a Biomarker for Further Research 

Several
questions remain unanswered in transplant graft management and offer interesting areas for research. Among these are, immunosuppression
dosing optimization, the utility of absolute quantification in long-term management, and the viability of xenograft and 3-D printed organs.
To support these and other areas of groundbreaking research, we have initiated the development an RUO product and are planning to have
a prototype completed by the end of Q1 2023. In parallel, we are actively seeking discussions with potential platform partners to join
our development efforts. 

7 

4.
Billing, Coverage, and Reimbursement for our Laboratory Tests 

As
of December 31, 2022, DetermaRx was Oncocyte s only commercialized clinical test. We are currently in the process of developing
and commercializing DetermaIO, VitaGraft and DetermaCNI. 

In
August 2020, Noridian Healthcare Solutions, LLC, CMS Medicare Administrative Contractor MAC for laboratories located
in California, delivered a final coverage and pricing decision. This decision and coverage by other MACs is important because approximately
70 of patients for whom the test is indicated are eligible for Medicare coverage. However, in the absence of reimbursement by a health
insurance plan or Medicare, patients who would be candidates for the use of our tests may decline to use our tests, and physicians may
be reluctant to prescribe our tests, due to the cost of the test to the patients. Because of this patient cost factor, revenues from
any new cancer test that we market may experience slow growth until the test is approved for reimbursement by larger payer plans which
cover many patients. 

Medicare 

For
diagnostics tests, Medicare or CMS reimbursement approval is critical. CMS relies on a network of Medicare Administrative Contractors MACs to make Local Coverage Decisions approving a test for reimbursement. The Molecular Diagnostics Services MolDx Program was developed by Palmetto GBA (the previous MAC for California) to identify and establish coverage and reimbursement for molecular
diagnostics tests. The program has developed guidelines for the level of evidence of efficacy required to be obtained through clinical
trials. Palmetto, which contracted with CMS to administer the MolDx, issues Local Coverage Determinations that affect coverage, coding,
and billing of many molecular tests and the current MAC for California, Noridian Healthcare Solutions, LLC, has adopted the coverage
policies from Palmetto. MACs also serve as the primary operational contact between the Medicare Fee-For-Service program, for paying Medicare
claims, and approximately 1.5 million health care providers enrolled in the program. Delays in obtaining MAC approval, or any changes
made related to any favorable Local Coverage Determinations, could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Private
Third-Party Payers 

In
addition to seeking Medicare reimbursement approval, we will seek reimbursement approval from private payers such as health insurance
companies and HMOs. Private payers generally will determine whether to approve a diagnostic test for reimbursement based on the published
results of clinical validity and clinical utility studies, and may base their decision on whether to cover a test, and at what level
to reimburse, on the MAC s local coverage determination. Obtaining private payer medical coverage generally takes twelve to twenty-four
months from the time that sufficient evidence is demonstrated. In the interim we will bill commercial payers and appeal any denials using
the published clinical evidence supporting the utility of the test. 

Reimbursement
rates paid by private third-party payers can vary based on whether the provider is considered to be an in-network provider,
a participating provider, a covered provider, an out-of-network provider or a non-participating provider. Currently, we
are out-of-network with all commercial payers. These definitions can vary among payers. An in-network provider usually has a contract
with the payer or benefits provider. This contract governs, among other things, service-level agreements and reimbursement rates. In
certain instances, an insurance company may negotiate an in-network rate for our testing. An in-network provider may have rates that
are lower per test than those that are out-of-network, and that rate can vary widely. Rates vary based on the payer, the testing type
and often the specifics of the patient s insurance plan. If a laboratory agrees to contract as an in-network provider, it generally
expects to receive quicker payment and access to additional covered patients. However, it is likely that we will initially be considered
an out-of-network or non-participating provider by payers who cover the vast majority of patients until we can negotiate
contracts with the payers. 

We
cannot predict whether, or under what circumstances, payers will reimburse for patients for our tests or whether our efforts to appeal
denied claims will be successful. While we have a rigorous process for prior authorization and appeals to overturn denials and to get
contracted with commercial payers, full or partial denial of coverage by payers, or reimbursement at inadequate levels, would have a
material adverse impact on our business and on market acceptance of our tests. 

Billing
and Collection 

Where
there is a private or governmental third-party payer coverage policy in place, we will bill the payer and the patient in accordance with
the established policy. Our efforts in obtaining reimbursement based on individual claims, including pursuing appeals or reconsiderations
of claims denials, could take a substantial amount of time, and bills may not be paid for many months, if at all. Furthermore, if a third-party
payer denies coverage after final appeal, payment may not be received at all. 

Where
there is no coverage policy in place, we will pursue reimbursement on a case-by-case basis. In some cases, if not prohibited by law or
regulation, we may bill physicians, hospitals and other laboratories directly for the services that they order. However, laws and regulations
in certain states prohibit laboratories from billing physicians or other purchasers for testing that they order. Some states may allow
laboratories to bill physicians directly but may prohibit the physician and, in some cases, other purchasers from charging more than
the purchase price for the services, or may allow only for the recovery of acquisition costs, or may require disclosure of certain information
on the invoice. An increase in the number of states that impose similar restrictions could adversely affect us by encouraging physicians
to perform laboratory services in-house or by causing physicians to refer services to other laboratories that are not subject to the
same restrictions. Adoption or expansion of laws and regulations that limit our ability to bill and obtain reimbursement for the full
costs of our services would have a material adverse impact on our business and on market acceptance of our tests. 

8 

Corporate
Information 

We
were incorporated in September 2009 in the state of California. Our principal executive offices are located at 15 Cushing, Irvine, California
92618. Our telephone number is (949) 409-7600. Our website is www.Oncocyte.com . Information contained on, or that can be accessed
through, our website, is not, and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated into or be considered a part of this Report. 

Competition 

Our
industry is highly competitive and characterized by rapid technological change. Key competitive factors in our industry include, among
others, the ability to successfully complete clinical studies, the ability to obtain any required regulatory approval, average selling
prices of competing tests, CLIA laboratory capacity and costs, intellectual property and patent rights, and sales and marketing capabilities.
We are an early-stage company with a limited operating history and many of our competitors have substantially more resources than we
do, including financial, technical and sales resources. In addition, many of our competitors have more experience than we have in the
development and commercialization of diagnostics. We are also competing with academic institutions, governmental agencies and private
organizations that are conducting research in the field of diagnostics. Our competition will be determined in part by the potential indications
for which our lead test candidates are developed and ultimately marketed. Additionally, the timing of market introduction of our diagnostic
tests or of competitors tests may be an important competitive factor. 

The
DetermaIO test competes with multiple biomarkers already in clinical use or in development for predicting response to immunotherapy.
The most commonly used clinical tests employed in the immunotherapy response market are PD-L1 expression testing and TMB. We believe,
however, the current standard of care for PD-L1 testing has important limitations. According to published literature, more than half
of PD-L1 positive patients do not respond to immune- checkpoint inhibitors, and 1 in 6 patients who will respond are missed (referred
to as a false negative ). Furthermore, data presented at recent oncology medical conferences suggests that TMB is not a
reliable predictor of immunotherapy response. Further, data presented at SITC (discussed previously), suggested that DetermaIO outperformed
both PD-L1 and TMB in predicting response to checkpoint inhibitors in patients with NSCLC. In 2021, we presented data at four major scientific
conferences supporting the association of DetermaIO and response to checkpoint inhibitor therapy and comparing to PD-L1 and TMB. Notably
data presented at both ESMO and SABCS demonstrated the predictive value of the test. 

DetermaCNI
competes with tumor-informed tests that are on market for treatment monitoring as well as blood-only targeted panels. We believe we are
differentiated from the former in that the test requires no tissue. DetermaCNI is differentiated from targeted approaches because it
assesses changes across the whole genome broadly as opposed to changes in a subset of genes and is applicable in both adjuvant and neo-adjuvant
patient scenarios versus tests that monitor Minimal Residual Disease (MRD) which are typically only used when the tumor is removed. 

VitaGraft
competes with multiple other tests from competitors that measure donor derived cell-free DNA. While our competitors have an established
customer base, we believe that VitaGraft has a competitive advantage due to its ability to provide a faster turnaround time for results.
Based on our research of customer needs, we believe that this fast turnaround time is critical to inform timely, critical medical decisions. 

Facilities 

Oncocyte
leases a building located at 15 Cushing in Irvine, California that serves as Oncocyte s principal executive and administrative
offices. Oncocyte operates a CLIA certified laboratory in Nashville, Tennessee. Through the acquisition of Chronix Biomedical,
Oncocyte also has a research and development facility in G ttingen, Germany, which serves as the center of excellence for the
company s blood based monitoring program. 

Materials 

There
is a limited number of manufacturers of molecular testing equipment and related chemical reagents necessary for the provision of our
cancer tests. Additionally, the chemical reagents used with the testing equipment we chose are available only from the equipment manufacturer.
This situation poses a risk to us. After encountering inconsistent results using testing equipment and reagents from one manufacturer,
we switched to testing equipment from a different manufacturer. If issues were to arise with the testing equipment or with the reagents
we are using, causing us to acquire different testing equipment again, we would need to conduct additional laboratory studies to determine
whether our previous test results can be reproduced using the new equipment. If similar issues were to arise after commercialization
of a test, we could experience a disruption for a period of time in providing the tests to patients and we would lose revenues and potentially
market share as a result. 

9 

Patents
and Trade Secrets 

We
rely primarily on patents and contractual obligations with employees and third parties to protect our proprietary rights. We have sought,
and intend to continue to seek, appropriate patent protection for important and strategic components of our proprietary technologies
by filing patent applications in the United States and certain foreign countries. There can be no assurance that any of our patents will
guarantee protection or market exclusivity for our diagnostic tests and diagnostic test candidates. We may also use license agreements
both to access technologies developed by other companies and universities and to convey certain intellectual property rights to others.
Our financial success will be dependent in part on our ability to obtain commercially valuable patent claims and to protect our intellectual
property rights and to operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others. 

Through
our acquisition of Insight Genetics in January 2020 and Chronix in April 2021, we obtained exclusive rights to additional intellectual
property, including trade secrets, registered trademarks, domain names, copyrights, issued and reissued patents and pending applications,
and software material, and have since the Insight Genetics acquisition filed our own patents to protect DetermaIO. 

Through
our acquisition of Chronix in April 2021, we obtained intellectual property rights to 10 patent families in the field of detection of
cell-free tumor DNA and quantification of donor derived cell-fee DNA, with numerous already issued patents in the United States and European
Union, expiring between April 2031 and October 2034. In addition, we obtained trade secrets, registered trademarks, domain names, copyrights
and proprietary software material. 

In
addition to relying on patents, we will rely on trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological advancement, and licensing opportunities
to maintain our competitive position. The molecular diagnostics that we are developing use gene expression classifiers or algorithms,
which are mathematical models that weight the biomarkers to produce a score. We will treat the mathematical models as trade secrets.
We have entered into intellectual property, invention, and non-disclosure agreements with our employees, and it is our practice to enter
into confidentiality agreements with our consultants. There can be no assurance, however, that these measures will prevent the unauthorized
disclosure or use of our trade secrets and know-how, or that others may not independently develop similar trade secrets and know-how
or obtain access to our trade secrets, know-how, or proprietary technology. 

General
Risks Related to Obtaining and Enforcing Patent Protection 

Our
patents and patent applications are directed to compositions of matter, formulations, methods of use and/or methods of manufacturing.
The patent positions of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, including ours, are generally uncertain and involve complex legal
and factual questions. Our business could be negatively impacted by any of the following: 

The
 claims of any patents that are issued may not provide meaningful protection, may not provide a basis for commercially viable diagnostic
 tests or may not provide us with any competitive advantages; 

Our
 patents may be challenged by competitors or other third parties and if the third parties are successful in their challenge, the patents
 could be invalidated, permitting third parties to use the patented inventions to compete with us; 

10 

Others
 may have patents that relate to our technology or business that may prevent us from marketing our diagnostic test candidates unless
 we are able to obtain a license to those patents; 

Patent
 applications to which we have rights may not result in issued patents and the information disclosed in those applications could be
 used by our competitors; 

Changes
 in government regulations or patent laws; and 

We
 may not be successful in developing additional proprietary technologies that are patentable. 

In
addition, others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies, duplicate any of our technologies and, if patents are
licensed or issued to us, design around the patented technologies licensed to or developed by us. Moreover, we could incur substantial
costs in litigation if we have to defend ourselves in patent lawsuits brought by third parties or if we initiate such lawsuits. 

The
United States Supreme Court s decisions in Mayo Collaborative Services v. Prometheus Laboratories, Inc. and Association
for Molecular Pathology v. Myriad Genetics may limit our ability to obtain patent protection on diagnostic methods that merely recite
a correlation between a naturally occurring event and a diagnostic outcome associated with that event. Our cancer diagnostic tests are
based on the presence of certain genetic markers for a variety of cancers. In Mayo Collaborative Services v. Prometheus Laboratories,
Inc. , the Supreme Court ruled that patent protection is not available for simple the use of a mathematical correlation of the presence
of a well-known naturally occurring metabolite as a means of determining proper drug dosage. The claims in the contested patents that
were the subject of that decision were directed to measuring the serum level of a drug metabolite and adjusting the dosing regimen of
the drug based on the metabolite level. The Supreme Court said that a patent claim that merely claimed a correlation between the blood
levels of a drug metabolite and the best dosage of the drug was not patentable subject matter because it did no more than recite a correlation
that occurs in nature. 

In
 Association for Molecular Pathology v. Myriad Genetics, the Supreme Court ruled that the discovery of the precise location and
sequence of certain genes, mutations of which can dramatically increase the risk of breast and ovarian cancer, was not patentable. Knowledge
of the gene location and sequences was used to determine the genes typical nucleotide sequence, which, in turn, enabled the development
of medical tests useful for detecting mutations in these genes in a particular patient to assess the patient s cancer risk. But
the mere discovery of an important and useful gene did not render the genes patentable as a new composition of matter. 

Also,
in Ariosa Diagnostics, Inc. v. Sequenom, Inc. , the Federal Circuit ruled that a method for detecting a paternally inherited nucleic
acid of fetal origin performed on a maternal serum or plasma sample from a pregnant female was not patent eligible subject matter under
the framework set forth in Mayo Collaborative Services v. Prometheus Laboratories, Inc . The court examined the elements of the
claim to determine whether the claim contained an inventive concept sufficient to transform the claimed naturally occurring phenomenon
into a patent eligible application and found that the method steps did not support patentability because they used conventional amplification
and detection techniques. Although the claims can be distinguished from the claims at issue in Mayo Collaborative Services v. Prometheus
Laboratories, Inc ., the court was bound by the language of the Supreme Court decision to hold Sequenom s claims unpatentable. 

In
 Illumina, Inc. v. Ariosa Diagnostics, Inc. , the Federal Circuit reversed and remanded the lower court and found that claims directed
to methods of preparing plasma to isolate extracellular fetal DNA, based on the inventors discovery that fetal DNA strands in
maternal plasma are relatively short compared to maternal DNA, were directed to patent-eligible subject matter. The majority reasoned
that the claimed methods include process steps that lead to a DNA fraction that is different from the naturally-occurring fraction present
in the mother s blood due to enrichment of cell-free fetal DNA. Thus, the process achieves more than simply observing that fetal
DNA is shorter than maternal DNA or detecting the presence of that phenomenon. The majority noted that the inclusion of specific techniques
for carrying out the steps of the method, illustrated the concrete nature of the claimed process steps. These concrete process steps
were used, not merely to observe the presence of the phenomenon that fetal DNA is shorter than maternal DNA, but to exploit that discovery
in a method for preparation of a mixture enriched in fetal DNA and thus supported a finding of patent eligible subject matter. 

11 

While
the cases discussed above are instructive, the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the USPTO has also issued guidelines
in light of the Supreme Court decisions indicating that process claims having a natural principle as a limiting step will be evaluated
to determine if the claim includes additional steps that practically apply the natural principle such that the claim amounts to significantly
more than the natural principle itself. Because the diagnostic tests that we are developing combine an innovative methodology with newly
discovered compositions of matter, we are hopeful that this Supreme Court decision will not preclude the availability of patent protection
for our diagnostic tests. However, there is no guarantee that such pending patent applications will issue nor that our existing patents
would survive a challenge in light of the above-referenced case law. 

The
USPTO has also issued multiple Subject Matter Eligibility Updates to provide further guidance in determining subject matter eligibility.
The Subject Matter Eligibility Updates include new Subject Matter Eligibility Examples for the Life Sciences. These examples provide
favorable exemplary subject matter eligibility analysis of hypothetical claims covering diagnostic tests and claims drawn from case law.
This update from the USPTO does not change our opinion on our ability to obtain meaningful patent protection. 

There
is a risk that any patent applications that we file and any patents that we hold or later obtain could be challenged by third parties
and declared invalid or infringing of third-party claims. A patent interference proceeding may be instituted with the USPTO when more
than one person files a patent application covering the same technology, or if someone wishes to challenge the validity of an issued
patent filed before March 16, 2013. At the completion of the interference proceeding, the USPTO will determine which competing applicant
is entitled to the patent, or whether an issued patent is valid. Patent interference proceedings are complex, highly contested legal
proceedings, and the USPTO s decision is subject to appeal. This means that if an interference proceeding arises with respect to
any of our patent applications, we may experience significant expenses and delay in obtaining a patent, and if the outcome of the proceeding
is unfavorable to us, the patent could be issued to a competitor rather than to us. In addition to interference proceedings, the USPTO
can review issued patents at the request of a third party seeking to have the patent invalidated. Currently an inter partes review proceeding
will allow third parties to challenge the validity, based on issues of novelty and non-obviousness, in view of patents and printed publications,
of an issued patent where there is a reasonable likelihood of invalidity. This means that patents owned or licensed by us may be lost
if the outcome of the review is unfavorable to us. 

Post
Grant Review under the America Invents Act makes available opposition-like proceedings in the United States. As with the USPTO interference
proceedings, Post Grant Review proceedings will be very expensive to contest and can result in invalidation of a recently issued patent.
To invoke a post-grant review, a challenge must be filed within nine months of a patent s issuance or reissuance. Post-grant review
can be sought based on any grounds that can be used to challenge the validity of a patent claim, with the exception of failure to disclose
the best mode. Also, a derivation proceeding may be instituted by the USPTO or an inventor alleging that a patent or application was
derived from the work of another inventor. 

Oppositions
to the issuance of patents may be filed under European patent law and the patent laws of certain other countries. As with the USPTO interference
proceedings, these foreign proceedings can be very expensive to contest and can result in significant delays in obtaining a patent or
can result in a denial of a patent application. 

The
enforcement of patent rights often requires litigation against third party infringers, and such litigation can be costly to pursue. Even
if we succeed in having new patents issued or in defending any challenge to issued patents, there is no assurance that our patents will
be comprehensive enough to provide us with meaningful patent protection against our competitors. Further, should we sue a third party
infringer for patent infringement, the infringer may assert counter claims and attempt to invalidate some or all of the asserted patent
claims. There is always some risk that such a counter claim could result in invalidation of one or more claims of an asserted patent. 

Government
Regulation 

CLIA Clinical
Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 and State Regulation 

We
expect that DetermaIO, VitaGraft and DetermaCNI will be regulated under the Clinical Laboratory Improvements Amendment CLIA as laboratory developed tests or LDTs . In 1988, Congress enacted CLIA, which established quality standards for all laboratories
that provide testing services to ensure the accuracy, reliability and timeliness of patient test results regardless of where the test
is performed. 

12 

Under
CLIA, a laboratory is defined as any facility that performs laboratory testing on specimens derived from humans for the purpose of providing
information for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of disease, or the impairment of, or assessment of health of human beings. Because
we meet this definition, CLIA requires that we hold a certificate applicable to the complexity of the categories of testing we perform
and that we comply with certain standards. Laboratories performing high complexity testing are required to meet more stringent requirements
than laboratories performing less complex tests. CLIA regulations require clinical laboratories like ours to comply with various operational,
personnel, facilities administration, quality, and proficiency testing requirements intended to ensure that testing services are accurate,
reliable and timely. CLIA certification is a prerequisite for reimbursement eligibility for services provided to state and federal health
care program beneficiaries. CLIA is user-fee funded. Therefore, all costs of administering the program must be covered by the regulated
facilities, including certification and survey costs. 

FDA
Regulation of Diagnostic Tests 

We
have designed, developed, and are validating our tests as LDTs and consequently believe our tests are governed under the CLIA regulations,
as administered by CMS, as well as by applicable state laws. 

Historically,
the FDA had exercised enforcement restraint with respect to most LDTs and had not required laboratories that offer LDTs to comply with
FDA requirements for medical devices, such as registration, device listing, quality systems regulations, premarket clearance or premarket
approval, and post-market controls. 

In
recent years, the FDA has stated it intends to end its policy of enforcement restraint and begin regulating certain LDTs as medical devices.
In October 2014, the FDA issued two draft guidance documents, entitled Framework for Regulatory Oversight of Laboratory Developed
Tests (LDTs) and FDA Notification and Medical Device Reporting for Laboratory Developed Tests (LDTs) , respectively,
that set forth a proposed risk-based regulatory framework that would apply varying levels of FDA oversight to LDTs. 

The
FDA has indicated that it does not intend to modify its policy of enforcement restraint until the draft guidance documents are finalized.
Subsequently, in January 2017, the FDA issued a Discussion Paper on LDTs Discussion Paper ), in which it outlined a substantially
revised possible approach to the oversight of LTDs. The risk-based approach outlined focuses on new and significantly modified
high and moderate risk LDTs and low risk LDTs, LDTs for rare diseases, traditional LDTs, LDTs intended solely for public health surveillance,
certain LDTs used in CLIA certified labs, and LDTs intended solely for forensic use would not be expected to comply with premarket review,
quality systems, and registration and listing requirements unless necessary to protect public health. With respect to the post-market
surveillance of LDTs, the FDA s Discussion Paper recommends that laboratories initially report serious adverse events for all tests
except the exempted categories of tests, which include LDTs intended for public health surveillance, some stem cell/tissue/organ transplantation
LDTs, and LDTs intended solely for forensic use. The Discussion Paper notes that it is not a final version of the 2014 draft guidance
and that it does not intend to represent the FDA s formal position but rather describes the evolution of the agency s thinking
about the regulatory framework for LDTs. 

Responding
to the COVID-19 pandemic, in August, 2020, the Department of Health and Human Services HHS ), the parent agency for FDA,
formally rescinded FDA guidance and other informal statements concerning FDA s premarket review of LDTs and announced that the
FDA will not require premarket review of [LDTs] absent notice-and comment rulemaking, as opposed through guidance documents, compliance
manuals, website statements, or other informal issuances. It is unclear at this time whether the Biden administration will revise
or rescind this policy. 

It
is unclear at this time when or if the FDA will finalize its plans to end enforcement discretion, via notice and comment rulemaking or
otherwise, and even then, new regulatory requirements are expected to be phased-in over time. Nevertheless, the FDA may attempt to regulate
certain LDTs on a case-by-case basis at any time. 

13 

On
June 24, 2021, bi-partisan members of both the House and Senate re-introduced the Verifying Accurate, Leading-edge IVCT Development VALID Act, which features a precertification program. The term IVCT refers to in vitro clinical tests, a category that w comprises both test
kits and lab-developed tests. The VALID Act includes precertification proposed by the FDA, a process through which diagnostic developers
could receive premarket approval or clearance for one test representative of a group of tests using the same technology and have other
elements in common. Approval of that representative test would precertify other tests in the group and allow the lab to launch them without
premarket review. The VALID Act would also create a new system for labs and hospitals to use to submit their tests electronically to
the FDA for approval, which is aimed at reducing the amount of time it takes for the agency to approve such tests, and establish a new
program to expedite the development of diagnostic tests that can be used to address a current unmet need for patients. The introduced
Valid Act also includes specific language designed to address public health emergencies, including COVID-19. If enacted, the impact of
the VALID Act will be minimal for IVD manufacturers because of the alignment between the VALID Act and existing medical device statutory
and regulatory requirements and the fact that such requirements have been enforced for IVD manufacturers for decades; however, it will
have a significant impact on clinical laboratories as laboratories will need to comply with many new requirements, including: registration
and listing with the FDA; quality requirements; investigational studies; premarket review and approval; adverse event reporting; and
corrections and removals (recalls). While the VALID Act outlines a framework for these elements (among others), the law, if enacted,
would direct the FDA to promulgate regulations and issue guidance documents within two (2) years of its enactment, and establishes an
effective date for the new IVCT regulatory system as four (4) years after enactment, giving clinical laboratories and others ample opportunity
to participate in shaping and preparing for the new IVCT regulatory program. 

On
May 18, 2021, Senator Rand Paul re-introduced a bill, called the Verified Innovative Testing in American Laboratories VITAL Act of 2021, which strikes a counterpoint to the proposed VALID Act. VITAL seeks to update existing federal lab standards under the CLIA,
specifically stating that all aspects of lab-developed testing procedures would be regulated by the US Health and Human Services Secretary
under the Public Health Services Act, and that no aspects of lab-developed testing procedures would be regulated under the Federal Food,
Drug, and Cosmetic Act, including during a public health emergency. 

While
we cannot predict whether the either VALID Act or the VITAL Act as proposed, or any modified version of either act will be enacted into
law, it is expected that some form of the acts will be incorporated into a broader health care legislative package. The likelihood that
Congress will pass legislation and the extent to which such legislation may affect the FDA s plans to regulate certain LDTs as
medical devices is difficult to predict at this time. Until the VALID Act, VITAL Act, or other legislation is passed reforming the federal
government s regulation of LDTs, it is unknown how the FDA may regulate our tests in the future and what testing and data may be
required to support any required clearance or approval. 

If
the FDA ultimately regulates certain LDTs, whether via final guidance, final regulation, or as instructed by Congress, our tests may
be subject to certain additional regulatory requirements. Complying with the FDA s requirements can be expensive, time-consuming,
and subject us to significant or unanticipated delays. Insofar as we may be required to obtain premarket clearance or approval to perform
or continue performing an LDT, we cannot assure that we will be able to obtain such authorization. Even if we obtain regulatory clearance
or approval where required, such authorization may not be for the intended uses that we believe are commercially attractive or are critical
to the commercial success of our tests. As a result, the application of the FDA s requirements to our tests could materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Notwithstanding
the FDA s current position with respect to oversight of our tests, we may voluntarily decide to pursue FDA pre-market review for
our current tests and tests we may offer in the future if we determine that doing so would be appropriate from a strategic perspective. 

Failure
to comply with applicable FDA regulatory requirements may trigger a range of enforcement actions by the FDA including warning letters,
civil monetary penalties, injunctions, criminal prosecution, recall or seizure, operating restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown
of operations, and denial of or challenges to applications for clearance or approval, as well as significant adverse publicity. 

14 

State
Laboratory Licensing 

In
addition to federal certification requirements of laboratories under CLIA, we are required to maintain licensure under Tennessee law
for our laboratory in Nashville, Tennessee. State laws generally include standards for the day-to-day operation of a clinical reference
laboratory, including the training and skills required of personnel and quality control. In addition, those laws often mandate proficiency
testing, which involves testing of specimens that have been specifically prepared for the laboratory. 

Some
states require licensure of out-of-state laboratories that accept specimens from those states. Our laboratories will need to pass various
state inspections in order to get licensed to provide LDTs in each of state that requires licensure. CLIA provides that a state may adopt
laboratory regulations that are more stringent than those under federal law, and two states, New York and Washington, have met that standard
and therefore substitute for the federal CLIA program. In addition, some, but not all, states require a separate state license or permit,
which must be obtained in addition to a CLIA certificate, and some states require a laboratory doing business in that state to be licensed
even if the laboratory is located in another state. 

Our
laboratories are licensed by the appropriate state agencies in the states in which we do business, if such licensure is required. If
a laboratory is out of compliance with state laws or regulations governing licensed laboratories, a state may impose penalties, which
penalties vary from state to state but may include suspension, limitation, revocation or annulment of the license, assessment of financial
penalties or fines, or imprisonment. We believe that we are in material compliance with all applicable licensing laws and regulations. 

We
may become aware from time to time of certain states that require out-of-state laboratories to obtain licensure to accept specimens from
patients within the state. If we identify any other state with such requirements, or if we are contacted by any other state advising
us of such requirements, we intend to follow all instructions from the state regulators regarding compliance with such requirements. 

International
Laboratory Licensing 

We
also maintain laboratory operations in Germany and could expand our laboratory operations to other foreign jurisdictions. Therefore,
we are subject to laboratory quality regulations and accreditation standards in Germany, and will be subject to such regulations and
standards in any other jurisdictions where we may operate. These requirements may vary by jurisdiction and differ from those in the United
States, and may require us to implement additional compliance measures. 

In
Vitro Diagnostics 

In
the future, we may elect to develop IVDs, which are regulated by the FDA as medical devices. Medical devices marketed in the United States
are subject to the regulatory controls under CLIA, the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, and regulations adopted by the FDA. Some
requirements, known as premarket requirements, apply to medical devices before they are marketed, and other requirements, known as post-market
requirements, apply to medical devices after they are marketed. 

The
particular premarket requirements that must be met to market a medical device in the United States will depend on the classification
of the device under FDA regulations. Medical devices are categorized into one of three classes, based on the degree of risk they present.
Devices that pose the lowest risk are designated as Class I devices; devices that pose moderate risk are designated as Class II devices
and are subject to general controls and special controls; and the devices that pose the highest risk are designated as Class III devices
and are subject to general controls and premarket approval. 

A
premarket submission to the FDA will be required for some Class I devices, most Class II devices; and all Class III devices. Most Class
I and some Class II devices are exempt from premarket submission requirements. Some Class I and most Class II devices may be marketed
after a 510(k) premarket notification, while a more extensive PMA is required to market Class III devices. 

Until
regulatory requirements suggested by the FDA or required by any new legislation are phased in, our current LDTs will not require FDA
filing before launch and we will continue to follow the CLIA certification and inspection pathway. 

If
the new requirements are phased in or if we elect to develop IVDs, our future screenings diagnostics may require a 510(k) submission
or a Premarket Approval PMA application to the FDA. In a 510(k) submission, the device sponsor must demonstrate that
the new device is substantially equivalent to a predicate device in terms of intended use, technological characteristics,
and performance testing. A 510(k) requires demonstration of substantial equivalence to another device that is legally marketed in the
United States. Substantial equivalence means that the new device is at least as safe and effective as the predicate. A device is substantially
equivalent if, in comparison to a predicate it (a) has the same intended use as the predicate and has the same technological characteristics
as the predicate; or (b) has the same intended use as the predicate, has different technological characteristics, and the information
submitted to the FDA does not raise new questions of safety and effectiveness, and is demonstrated to be at least as safe and effective
as the legally marketed predicate device. 

15 

A
claim of substantial equivalence does not mean the new and predicate devices must be identical. Substantial equivalence is established
with respect to intended use, design, energy used or delivered, materials, chemical composition, manufacturing process, performance,
safety, effectiveness, labeling, biocompatibility, standards, and other characteristics. A device may not be marketed in the United States
until the submitter receives a letter declaring the device substantially equivalent. If the FDA determines that a device is not substantially
equivalent, the applicant may resubmit another 510(k) with new data, or request a Class I or II designation through the FDA s de
novo process that allows a new device without a valid predicate to be classified into Class I or II if it meets certain criteria,
or file a reclassification petition, or submit a PMA. 

A
new 510(k) submission is required for changes or modifications to an existing approved device, where the modifications could significantly
affect the safety or effectiveness of the device or the device is to be marketed for a new or different indication for use. 

A
PMA for Class III devices is the most stringent type of premarket submission. Before the FDA approves a PMA, the sponsor must provide
valid scientific evidence demonstrating reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness for the device s intended use. 

Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act and Other Data Privacy and Security Laws 

Under
the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), as amended by the Health Information Technology
for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, also called HITECH, HHS has issued regulations to protect the privacy and security of protected
health information PHI and to address breach notification requirements. HIPAA also regulates standardization of data
content, codes and formats used in health care transactions and standardization of identifiers for health plans and providers. Penalties
for violations of HIPAA regulations include civil and criminal penalties. 

The
HIPAA privacy regulations cover the use and disclosure of PHI by covered entities as well as business associates, which are persons or
entities that perform certain functions for or on behalf of a covered entity that involve the creation, receipt, maintenance, or transmittal
of PHI. Business associates are defined to include a subcontractor to whom a business associate delegates a function, activity, or service,
other than in the capacity of the business associate s workforce. As a general rule, a covered entity or business associate may
not use or disclose PHI except as permitted or required under the privacy regulations. The privacy regulations also set forth certain
rights that an individual has with respect to his or her PHI, including rights to access or amend certain records, to request restrictions
on the use or disclosure of PHI, or to request an accounting of disclosures of his or her PHI. 

Covered
entities and business associates must also comply with HIPAA s security regulations, which establish minimum requirements for safeguarding
the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of PHI that is electronically transmitted or electronically stored. In addition, HITECH
established, among other things, certain breach notification requirements with which covered entities and business associates must comply.
In particular, a covered entity must notify any individual whose unsecured PHI is breached according to the specifications set forth
in the breach notification rule. A covered entity must also notify the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
and, under certain circumstances, the media of a breach of unsecured PHI. 

CMS
and the Office of Civil Rights issued a final rule in February 2014 to amend both the HIPAA and CLIA regulations. The final rule amended
the HIPAA privacy rule to remove the CLIA laboratory exceptions, and as a result, HIPAA-covered laboratories are now required to provide
individuals, upon request, with access to their completed test reports. Under the 2014 rule, CLIA laboratories and CLIA-exempt laboratories
may provide copies of a patient s completed test reports that, using the laboratory s authentication process, can be identified
as belonging to that patient. These changes to the CLIA regulations and the HIPAA Privacy Rule were intended to provide individuals with
a greater ability to access their health information. CLIA laboratories must create and maintain policies, procedures, and other documentation
necessary to inform patients of the right to access laboratory test reports and how to exercise that right. In December 2020, aiming
to remove regulations that impede communication and data exchange between providers and health plans and expand individuals rights
to access their own digital health information, HHS proposed further changes to the HIPAA privacy rule. These most recently proposed
updates of the HIPAA privacy rule are subject to public comment period until May 6, 2021. 

The
HIPAA privacy, security, and breach notification regulations establish a uniform federal floor and do not supersede state
laws that are more stringent or provide individuals with greater rights with respect to the privacy or security of, and access to, their
records containing PHI or insofar as such state laws apply to personal information that is broader in scope than PHI as defined under
HIPAA. Thus, in addition to the federal privacy regulations, there are a number of state laws regarding the privacy and security of health
information and personal data that are applicable to clinical laboratories, and more states are considering these laws. The compliance
requirements of these laws, including additional breach reporting requirements, and the penalties for violation vary widely and new privacy
and security laws in this area are evolving. For example, California has implemented comprehensive privacy laws and regulations. The
California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act imposes restrictive requirements regulating the use and disclosure of health information
and other personally identifiable information. In addition to fines and penalties imposed upon violators, some of these state laws also
afford private rights of action to individuals who believe their personal information has been misused. California s patient privacy
laws, for example, provide for penalties of up to 250,000 and permit injured parties to sue for damages. In addition to the California
Confidentiality of Medical Information Act, California also recently enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, or CCPA, which
became effective January 1, 2020. The CCPA establishes a comprehensive privacy framework for covered businesses in the State of California,
by creating an expanded definition of personal information, establishing new data privacy rights for consumers imposing special rules
on the collection of consumer data from minors, and creating a new and potentially severe statutory damages framework for violations
of the CCPA and for businesses that fail to implement reasonable security procedures and practices to prevent data breaches. While data
subject to HIPAA and federal regulations governing the conduct of clinical trials is exempt from CCPA, certain of our business activities
may be subject to CCPA. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches
that result from a business failure to implement and maintain reasonable data security procedures. 

16 

State
laws regarding the privacy and security of personal information are also evolving. For example, on November 3, 2020, California passed
the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA through a ballot initiative. The CPRA will create a new California Privacy Protection
Agency, an independent watchdog whose mission is both to vigorously enforce the CPRA and ensure that
businesses and consumers are well-informed about their rights and obligations. Among other things, the CPRA will create a new
category of sensitive personal information and offer consumers the right to limit processing of such information, impose
purpose limitation, data minimization, data retention, and security compliance obligations on regulated businesses, and add or modify
the rights available to consumers, including by providing a right to correct the information a business holds about them. The CPRA s
amendments to the CCPA will take effect on January 1, 2023, and will generally apply to personal information collected by businesses
on or after January 1, 2022. Similarly, Colorado and Virginia have also passed comprehensive state privacy laws that are set to go into
effect in 2023. In addition, every U.S. state has a data breach notification law that requires entities to report certain security breaches
to affected consumers and, in some instances, state regulators and consumer reporting agencies. Failure to comply with applicable state
laws that impose privacy, security, or breach notification requirements could result in significant civil or criminal penalties, administrative
actions, or private causes of action by individuals, and adversely affect our business, results of operations and reputation. 

Similar
health care and data privacy laws and regulations exist in Europe and other jurisdictions, including reporting requirements detailing
interactions with and payments to healthcare providers and requirements regarding the collection, distribution, use, security, and storage
of personally identifiable information and other data relating to individuals, including the GDPR, which went into effect in May 2018.
The GDPR applies to any company established in the EEA, as well as to those outside the EEA, if they collect and use personal data in
connection with the offering of goods or services to individuals in the EEA or the monitoring of their behavior. Companies that must
comply with the GDPR face increased compliance obligations and risk, including more robust regulatory enforcement of data protection
requirements and potential fines for noncompliance of up to 20 million or 4 of the annual global revenues of the noncompliant
company, whichever is greater. The GDPR provides that EU and EEA member states may introduce further conditions, including limitations,
to the processing of genetic, biometric or health data, which could limit our ability to collect, use and share personal data, or could
cause our compliance costs to increase, ultimately having an adverse impact on our business. Among other requirements, the GDPR regulates
transfers of personal data subject to the GDPR to third countries that have not been found to provide adequate protection to such personal
data, including the United States, and the efficacy and longevity of current transfer mechanisms between the European Union, or EU, and
the United States remains uncertain. For example, in 2016, the EU and United States agreed to a transfer framework for data transferred
from the EU to the United States, called the Privacy Shield, but the Privacy Shield was invalidated in July 2020 by the Court of Justice
of the European Union. 

Further,
from January 1, 2021, companies have to comply with the GDPR and also the UK GDPR, which, together with the amended UK Data Protection
Act 2018, retains the GDPR in UK national law. The UK GDPR mirrors the fines under the GDPR, e.g. fines up to the greater of 20
million 17.5 million) or 4 of global turnover. On June 6, 2021, the European Commission implemented an adequacy decision enabling
data transfers from EU member states to the United Kingdom without additional security measures. However, this adequacy decision includes
a so-called sunset-clause stipulating that it will expire after four (4) years, and providing that the Commission will
monitor the UK s legal situation and could intervene at any point if it determines the UK has deviated from the level of protections
in place at the time of the decision. The revocation or expiration of the Commission s adequacy decision for the UK could require
additional measures to ensure adequate protection and GDPR compliance and may lead to additional costs and increases our overall risk
exposure. 

Physician
Referral Prohibitions 

Under
a federal law directed at self-referral, commonly known as the Stark Law, there are prohibitions, with certain exceptions,
on Medicare and Medicaid payments for laboratory tests referred by physicians who personally, or through a family member, have a financial
relationship including an investment or ownership interest or a compensation arrangement with the clinical laboratory
performing the tests. Several Stark Law exceptions are relevant to arrangements involving clinical laboratories, including: (1) fair
market value compensation for the provision of items or services; (2) payments by physicians to a laboratory for clinical laboratory
services; (3) certain space and equipment rental arrangements that satisfy certain requirements, and (4) personal services arrangements
that satisfy certain requirements. The laboratory cannot submit claims to the Medicare Part B program for services furnished in violation
of the Stark Law, and Medicaid reimbursements may be at risk as well. Penalties for violating the Stark Law include the return of funds
received for all prohibited referrals, fines, civil monetary penalties and possible exclusion from the federal health care programs.
Many states have comparable laws that are not limited to Medicare and Medicaid referrals. 

On
November 20, 2020, CMS issued a final rule to modernize and clarify the regulations that interpret self-referral law. The final rule
was issued in conjunction with the CMS Patients over Paperwork initiative and the HHS Regulatory Sprint to Coordinated Care and establishes
exceptions to the physician self-referral law for certain value-based compensation arrangements between or among physicians, providers,
and suppliers. It also establishes a new exception for certain arrangements under which a physician receives limited remuneration for
items or services actually provided by the physician; establishes a new exception for donations of cybersecurity technology and related
services; and amends the existing exception for electronic health records (EHR) items and services. While the final rule presents significant
opportunities for new arrangements, it also necessitates revisions to current arrangements involving healthcare providers, others involved
in the healthcare industry, and patients. 

Corporate
Practice of Medicine 

A
number of states, including California, do not allow business corporations to employ physicians to provide professional services. This
prohibition against the corporate practice of medicine is aimed at preventing corporations such as us from exercising control
over the medical judgments or decisions of physicians. The state licensure statutes and regulations and agency and court decisions that
enumerate the specific corporate practice rules vary considerably from state to state and are enforced by both the courts and regulatory
authorities, each with broad discretion. If regulatory authorities or other parties in any jurisdiction successfully assert that we are
engaged in the unauthorized corporate practice of medicine, we could be required to restructure our contractual and other arrangements.
In addition, violation of these laws may result in sanctions imposed against us and/or the professional through licensure proceedings,
and we could be subject to civil and criminal penalties that could result in exclusion from state and federal health care programs. 

17 

Federal
and State Fraud and Abuse Laws 

A
variety of federal and state laws prohibit fraud and abuse. These laws are interpreted broadly and enforced aggressively by various state
and federal agencies, including CMS, the Department of Justice, the Office of Inspector General for HHS, and various state agencies.
In addition, the Medicare and Medicaid programs increasingly use a variety of contractors to review claims data and to identify improper
payments as well as fraud and abuse. These contractors include Recovery Audit Contractors, Medicaid Integrity Contractors and Zone Program
Integrity Contractors. In addition, CMS conducts Comprehensive Error Rate Testing audits, the purpose of which is to detect improper
Medicare payments. Any overpayments identified must be repaid unless a favorable decision is obtained on appeal. In some cases, these
overpayments can be used as the basis for an extrapolation, by which the error rate is applied to a larger universe of claims, and which
can result in even higher repayments. 

The
federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting, receiving, or providing
remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce or in return for either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing, recommending,
or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any health care item or service reimbursable, in whole or in part, under a federal health
care program. The definition of remuneration has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value, including gifts,
discounts, credit arrangements, payments of cash, ownership interests and providing anything at less than its fair market value. Recognizing
that the Anti- Kickback Statute is broad and may technically prohibit many innocuous or beneficial arrangements within the health care
industry, the Office of Inspector General for HHS has issued a series of regulatory safe harbors. These safe harbor regulations
set forth certain requirements that, if met, will assure immunity from prosecution under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. Although
full compliance with these provisions ensures against prosecution under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the failure of a transaction
or arrangement to fit within a specific safe harbor does not necessarily mean that the transaction or arrangement is illegal or that
prosecution under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute will be pursued. 

Federal
civil and criminal false claims laws, including the False Claims Act, prohibit any person from knowingly presenting, or causing to be
presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government or knowingly making, or causing to be made, a false statement to get a
false claim paid. Violations of the False Claims Act can result in very significant monetary penalties and treble damages. Over the past
few years, several healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for a variety of alleged promotional and marketing activities,
including without limitation, allegedly providing free trips, free goods, sham consulting fees and grants and other monetary benefits
to prescribers. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal
Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal False Claims Act. Most states also have statutes
or regulations similar to the federal anti-kickback law and false claims laws, which apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid
and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. 

Federal
civil monetary penalties laws impose civil fines for, among other things, the offering or transfer of remuneration to a Medicare or state
healthcare program beneficiary if the person knows or should know it is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection of a particular
provider, practitioner, or supplier of services reimbursable by Medicare or a state healthcare program, unless an exception applies. 

The
Eliminating Kickbacks in Recovery Act EKRA specifically targets laboratories, clinics, recovery centers, and other clinical
treatment centers from accepting or paying kickbacks for referrals. EKRA is broader than the federal Anti-Kickback Statute because it
applies to private health insurance plans in addition to the federal health care programs, and it prohibits arrangements that may otherwise
be exempt from liability under the Anti-Kickback Statute s safe harbors, including certain compensation arrangements with laboratory
sales and marketing personnel. 

HIPAA
also created new federal crimes, including health care fraud and false statements relating to health care matters. The health care fraud
statute prohibits knowingly and willfully executing a scheme to defraud any health care benefit program, including private third-party
payers. A violation of this statute is a felony and may result in fines, imprisonment or exclusion from federal health care programs,
such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. The false statements statute prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or
covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or
payment for health care benefits, items or services. A violation of this statute is a felony and may result in fines, imprisonment or
exclusion from federal health care programs. 

Many
states have laws similar to the federal laws described above, and state laws may be broader in scope and may apply regardless of payer. 

18 

Additionally,
the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA prohibits U.S. corporations and their representatives from offering, promising,
authorizing or making payments to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party or political candidate in
an attempt to obtain or retain business abroad. The scope of the FCPA includes interactions with certain healthcare professionals in
many countries. Other countries have enacted similar anti-corruption laws and/or regulations. 

Other
Regulatory Requirements 

Our
laboratory will be subject to federal, state and local regulations relating to the handling and disposal of regulated medical waste,
hazardous waste and biohazardous waste, including chemical, biological agents and compounds, blood samples and other human tissue. Typically,
we will use outside vendors who are contractually obligated to comply with applicable laws and regulations to dispose of such waste.
These vendors will be licensed or otherwise qualified to handle and dispose of such waste. 

The
Occupational Safety and Health Administration has established extensive requirements relating to workplace safety for health care employers,
including requirements to develop and implement programs to protect workers from exposure to blood-borne pathogens by preventing or minimizing
any exposure through needle stick or similar penetrating injuries. 

On
May 1, 2020, the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology promulgated final regulations under the authority
of the 21st Century Cures Act that impose new conditions to obtain and maintain certification of certified health information technology
and prohibit certain covered actors, including operators of laboratories which are considered health care providers under
the final regulation, from engaging in activities that are likely to interfere with the access, exchange, or use of electronic health
information (information blocking). The final regulations further defined exceptions for activities that are permissible, even though
they may have the effect of interfering with the access, exchange, or use of electronic health information. The information blocking
effective date is April 5, 2021. Under the 21st Century Cures Act, health care providers that violate the information blocking prohibition
will be subject to appropriate disincentives, which HHS services has yet to establish through required rulemaking. Developers of certified
information technology and health information networks and health information exchanges, however, may be subject to civil monetary penalties
of up to 1 million per violation. The HHS Office of Inspector General has the authority to impose such penalties and on April 24, 2020
published a proposed rule to codify its new authority in regulation, which the agency proposed would become effective 60 days after it
issues a final rule, but in no event before November 2, 2020. HHS Office of Inspector General has not yet issued a final rule. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we employed 76 persons, of which 75 were on a full-time basis and one was on a part-time
basis. 

19 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Our
business is subject to various risks, including those described below. You should consider the following risk factors, together with
all of the other information included in this Report, which could materially adversely affect our proposed operations, our business prospects,
and financial condition, and the value of an investment in our business. There may be other factors that are not mentioned here or of
which we are not presently aware that could also affect our business operations and prospects. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

Risks
Related to Our Capital Resources 

We
 may incur significant cash payment and common stock issuance obligations under our agreements arising from our investments in Razor,
 Insight and Chronix. 

We
 have incurred operating losses since inception, and we do not know if we will attain profitability. 

It
 is likely that we will need to issue additional equity or debt securities in order to raise additional capital needed to pay our
 operating expenses. 

Risks
Related to Our Business Operations 

Our
revenues in the near term will depend on our ability to commercialize a small number of diagnostic tests. 

The
 research and development work we are doing is costly, time consuming, and uncertain as to its results. 

Sales
 of our diagnostic tests could be adversely impacted by the reluctance of physicians to adopt the use of our tests and by the availability
 of competing diagnostic tests. 

We
 have limited capital, marketing, sales, and regulatory compliance resources for the commercialization of our diagnostic tests. 

We
 may face technology transfer challenges and expenses in adding new tests to our portfolio and in expanding our reach into new geographical
 areas on new instrument platforms. 

If
 our laboratory facilities become damaged or inoperable, or we are must vacate any facility, our ability to provide services and pursue
 our research and development and commercialization efforts may be jeopardized. 

There
 is a limited number of manufacturers of molecular diagnostic testing equipment and related chemical reagents necessary for the provision
 of our diagnostic tests. 

If
 we fail to enter into and maintain successful strategic alliances for diagnostic tests that we elect to co-develop, co-market, or
 out-license, we may have to reduce or delay our diagnostic test development or increase our expenditures. 

We
 may become dependent on possible future collaborations to develop and commercialize many of our diagnostic test candidates and to
 provide the manufacturing, regulatory compliance, sales, marketing and distribution capabilities required for the success of our
 business. 

Failure
 to adequately protect, or disputes relating to, trademarks could harm our business. 

Our
 business could be adversely affected if we lose the services of the key personnel upon whom we depend. 

Our
 business and operations could suffer in the event of system failures. 

Security
 breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, and could cause our business and reputation
 to suffer. 

Failure
 of our internal control over financial reporting could harm our business and financial results. 

We
 are subject to laws and regulations governing corruption, which will require us to develop, maintain and implement costly compliance
 programs. 

We
 may in the future be subject to litigation, which could harm our stock price, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
 may undertake strategic acquisitions in the future, and difficulties integrating such acquisitions could damage our ability to achieve
 or sustain profitability. 

We
 are subject to state laws in California that require gender and diversity quotas for boards of directors of public companies headquartered
 in California. 

20 

Risks
Related to Our Industry 

Our
 operations as a clinical laboratory are subject to oversight by CMS under CLIA, as well as certain state agencies, and any failure
 to maintain our CLIA or applicable state permits and licenses may affect our ability to commercialize our diagnostic tests. 

If
 the FDA takes the position that any of our tests are not within the scope of its policy on enforcement discretion for laboratory-developed
 tests, or otherwise determines that it will seek to actively regulate one or more of our diagnostic tests, responding to such a regulatory
 position could lead to delays in commercialization, or (if encountered after commercialization) requirements to halt the commercial
 provision of our tests until FDA marketing authorization is obtained. 

We
 will also need to obtain FDA and other regulatory approvals for any IVDs that we may develop, in order to market those IVD tests. 

Clinical
 trial failures can occur at any stage of the testing and we may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of,
 the clinical trial process that could delay or prevent commercialization of our current or future diagnostic tests. 

The
 commercial success of our diagnostic tests depends on the availability and sufficiency of third-party payer coverage and reimbursement,
 which may be limited or unavailable. 

Changes
 in healthcare laws and policies may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Because
 of certain Medicare billing policies, we may not receive complete reimbursement for tests provided to Medicare patients. 

Long
 payment cycles of Medicare, Medicaid and other third-party payers, or other payment delays, could hurt our cash flows and increase
 our need for working capital. 

Private
 health insurance company policies may deny coverage or limit the amount they will reimburse us for the performance of our diagnostic
 tests. 

We
 will be required to comply with federal and state laws governing the privacy of health information, and any failure to comply with
 these laws could result in material criminal and civil penalties. 

If
 we are successful in commercializing our diagnostic tests, we will be obligated to comply with numerous additional federal and state
 statutes and regulations pertaining to our business and be subject to government oversight and scrutiny for our compliance with such
 laws. Laboratory and health care regulatory compliance efforts are expensive and time-consuming, and failure to maintain compliance
 with applicable laws could result in enforcement action which could be detrimental to our business. 

Risks
Related to Intellectual Property 

We
 rely on patents and trade secrets, and our financial success will depend, in part, on our ability to obtain commercially valuable
 patent claims, protect our intellectual property rights and operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others. 

We
 may not be able to obtain patent protection for our diagnostic tests if our pending U.S. patent applications are found to be directed
 to unpatentable subject matter. 

Changes
 to the patent laws in the United States and other jurisdictions could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing
 our ability to protect our diagnostic tests. 

Other
 companies or organizations may challenge our patent rights or may assert patent rights that prevent us from developing and commercializing
 our diagnostic tests. 

If
 we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, the value of our technology could be materially adversely affected,
 and our business would be harmed. 

We
 may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, which could be expensive, time-consuming
 and unsuccessful. 

We
 may not be able to enforce our intellectual property rights throughout the world . 

If
 we are sued for infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, such litigation could be costly and time consuming and
 could prevent or delay us from developing or commercializing our diagnostic tests. 

Patent
 terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our diagnostic tests for an adequate amount of time. 

21 

Risks
Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic 

The
recent COVID-19 global pandemic and the actions taken in response thereto could harm our business and our results of operations and financial
condition could be adversely impacted thereby. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

We have identified a material weakness in our
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Our common stock may be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market which could negatively impact the price of our common
stock, liquidity and our ability to access the capital markets. 

The
 price of our stock may rise and fall rapidly. 

Since
 we don t pay dividends, our stock may not be a suitable investment for those needing dividend income. 

Securities
 analysts may not initiate coverage or continue to cover our common stock, and this may have a negative impact on the market price
 of our shares. 

You
 may experience dilution of your ownership interests if we issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock. 

Our
 former parent company may sell its Oncocyte shares to raise capital to finance its operations. 

Risks
Related to Our Capital Resources 

We
may incur significant cash payment and common stock issuance obligations under our agreements arising from our investments in Insight
and Chronix. 

Under
the Merger Agreement pursuant to which we acquired Insight, as described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this Report, we have agreed to pay contingent consideration of up to 6.0 million in any combination of cash or shares of
Oncocyte common stock if certain milestones related to DetermaIO are achieved (the Contingent Consideration ), which
consist of (i) a 1.5 million clinical trial completion and data publication milestone, (ii) 3.0 million for an affirmative final local
coverage determination from CMS for a specified lung cancer test, and (iii) up to 1.5 million for achieving certain CMS reimbursement
milestones. 

As
additional consideration for the acquisition of Chronix, we have agreed to pay to holders of other classes and series of Chronix stock
(i) up to 14 million in any combination of cash or Oncocyte common stock if certain milestones are achieved, (ii) earnout consideration
of up to 15 of net collections for sales of specified tests and products during certain five to ten-year earnout periods, and (iii)
up to 75 of net collections during a seven-year earnout period from the sale or license of Chronix s patents to a third party
for use in transplantation medicine. 

To
meet these various cash payment obligations, we may need to sell additional shares of our common stock or other securities to raise the
cash needed, or we may have to divert cash on hand that we would otherwise use for other business and operational purposes which could
cause us to delay or reduce activities in the development and commercialization of our cancer tests. Any shares of common stock or other
securities we sell to raise cash to meet our cash payment obligations will dilute the interests of our common stockholders. 

22 

We
have incurred operating losses since inception, and we do not know if we will attain profitability. 

Since
our inception in September 2009, we have incurred operating losses and negative cash flows and we expect to continue to incur losses
and negative cash flows in the future. Our net losses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 72.9 million and 64.1 million,
respectively, and we had an accumulated deficit of 260.7 million as of December 31, 2022. We finance our operations primarily through
sales of our common stock. There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain any additional financing that we may need, or that any
such financing that may become available will be on terms that are favorable to us and our shareholders. Ultimately, our ability to generate
sufficient operating revenue to earn a profit depends upon our success in developing and marketing or licensing our diagnostic tests
and technology. 

It
is likely that we will need to issue additional equity or debt securities in order to raise additional capital needed to pay our operating
expenses until such time as our revenues are sufficient to finance our operating expenses. 

We
 plan to continue to incur substantial research and development expenses and we anticipate that we will be incurring significant sales
 and marketing costs as we develop and commercialize our diagnostic tests. Our research and development expenses may also increase
 if we work to develop tests for additional types of cancer or for other cancer related diagnostic purposes. The period of time for
 which our current cash and marketable securities will be sufficient to finance our operations will depend on the extent to which
 we expend funds on commercializing our tests and conducting new research and development programs. We will need to raise additional
 capital to pay operating expenses unless we are able to generate sufficient revenues from diagnostic test sales, royalties, and license
 fees to meet our operating expenses. 

Our
 ability to raise additional equity or debt capital will depend not only on the successful completion of development of our diagnostic
 tests and receiving reimbursement approval from Medicare and other third-party payers for those tests, but also will depend on access
 to capital and conditions in the capital markets. Obtaining Medicare reimbursement approval for our diagnostic tests could
take two to three years, and investors may be reluctant
 to provide us with additional capital until we obtain Medicare reimbursement approval for those tests or until we can demonstrate
 that private payers such as health insurance companies or HMOs are willing to pay for the use of our diagnostic tests at prices sufficient
 for us to earn a reasonable return on our investments in our diagnostic test portfolio. There is no assurance that we will be able
 to raise capital at times and in amounts needed to finance the development and commercialization of our diagnostic tests and general
 operations. Even if capital is available, it may not be available on terms that we or our shareholders would consider favorable. 

Sales
 or other issuances of additional equity securities by us could result in the dilution of the interests of our shareholders. 

23 

Risks
Related to Our Business Operations 

Our
revenues in the near term will depend on our ability to commercialize a small number of diagnostic tests. 

Our near-term commercial efforts
will focus on maximizing the opportunities for VitaGraft and DetermaIO and DetermaCNI. Our reliance on a small group of diagnostic tests
as sources of revenue could limit our future revenue, make it more difficult for us to finance our operations, and impair our prospects
for profitability and growth. DetermaIO and VitaGraft are currently available only in early access for non-clinical use. We plan to continue
development of all three products for clinical and research use. However, there is no assurance that our development plans for VitaGraft,
DetermaIO or DetermaCNI will be successful or that we will be generate sufficient revenues from commercialization of our diagnostic tests
to finance our operations and earn a profit. 

The
research and development work we are doing is costly, time consuming, and uncertain as to its results. 

We
incurred research and development expenses amounting to approximately 7.3 million and 5.0 million during years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. The current focus of our research and development efforts is the development of DetermaIO, VitaGraft and DetermaCNI. If we are successful in developing a new technology or diagnostic tests for additional types of cancer, refinement
of the new technology or diagnostic tests and definition of the practical applications and limitations of the technology or diagnostic
tests may take years and require the expenditure of large sums of money. There is no assurance that we will be successful in completing
the development of our current diagnostic tests or in developing additional diagnostic tests regardless of the amount of our expenditures. 

Sales
of our diagnostic tests could be adversely impacted by the reluctance of physicians to adopt the use of our tests and by the availability
of competing diagnostic tests. 

Physicians
and hospitals may be reluctant to try a new diagnostic test due to the high degree of risk associated with the application of new technologies
and diagnostic tests in the field of human medicine, especially if the new tests differ from the current standard of care for detecting
cancer in patients. Competing tests for the initial diagnosis, reoccurrence diagnosis and optimal treatment of cancer are being manufactured
and marketed by established companies and by other smaller biotechnology companies. In order to compete with other diagnostic tests,
particularly any that sell at lower prices, our tests will have to provide medically significant advantages or be more cost effective.
Even if we are able to overcome physician reluctance and compete with products that are currently on the market, our competitors may
succeed in developing new safer, more accurate or more cost-effective diagnostic tests that could render our diagnostic tests and technologies
obsolete or noncompetitive. 

We
have limited capital, marketing, sales, and regulatory compliance resources for the commercialization of our diagnostic tests. 

We
are building our own marketing and sales capability for our diagnostic tests, and are devoting significant financial and management resources
to recruiting, training, and managing our sales force and building a health care regulatory compliance program. However, due to our limited
capital resources, we may need to enter into marketing arrangements with other diagnostic companies for one or more of our tests in domestic
or foreign markets. Under such marketing arrangements we may license marketing rights to one or more of our diagnostic tests to other
diagnostic companies or to one or more joint venture companies that may be formed to market our tests, and we might receive only a royalty
on sales or an equity interest in a joint venture company. As a result, our revenues from the sale of our tests through such arrangements
may be substantially less than the amount of revenues and gross profits that we might receive if we were to market our tests ourselves. 

24 

We
may face technology transfer challenges and expenses in adding new tests to our portfolio and in expanding our reach into new geographical
areas on new instrument platforms. 

Our
plan for expanding our business includes developing and acquiring additional tests that can be transferred into our current lab footprint
in the US and/or onto molecular testing instrument platforms for distribution in ex-US markets. Due to differences in the hardware and
software platforms available at different laboratories for running molecular tests, we may need to make adjustments to the configuration
of the reagents that make up our LDTs in our US labs or as we convert them to kits, and there may be changes to the related software
in order for the tests to be performed on particular hardware platforms. Making any such adjustments could take a considerable amount
of time and expense, and there will be no assurance that we will succeed in running our tests on the hardware and software that we may
encounter in different laboratories. To manage this issue and to attain uniformity among our laboratory locations, we may license or
acquire our own instrument system and software from another company that has a platform that will be compatible with our tests. In addition
to acquisition costs, operationally we will have to build out infrastructure for installing a new testing platform across multiple laboratory
locations as well as support functions to help maintain these instrument systems in new customer labs, and we may also encounter unexpected
technology issues in the process. 

If
our laboratory facilities become damaged or inoperable, or we are required to vacate any facility, our ability to provide services and
pursue our research and development and commercialization efforts may be jeopardized. 

We
currently have a clinical laboratory facility in Nashville, Tennessee. We also acquired a laboratory in
Germany through merger with Chronix. Our facilities and equipment could be harmed or rendered inoperable by natural or man-made
disasters, including fire, flooding, hurricanes, tornadoes and power outages, which may render it difficult or impossible for us to
perform our tests or provide laboratory services for some period of time. The inability to perform our tests or the backlog of tests
that could develop if any of our facilities is inoperable for even a short period of time may result in the loss of customers or
harm to our reputation or relationships with key researchers, collaborators, and customers, and we may be unable to regain those
customers or repair our reputation in the future. Furthermore, our facilities and the equipment we use to perform our research and
development work could be costly and time-consuming to repair or replace. 

Additionally,
a key component of our research and development process involves using biological samples and the resulting data sets and medical histories,
as the basis for our diagnostic test development. In some cases, these samples are difficult to obtain. If the parts of our laboratory
facilities where we store these biological samples are damaged or compromised, our ability to pursue our research and development projects,
commercialization of our diagnostic tests, as well as our reputation, could be jeopardized. We carry insurance for damage to our property
and the disruption of our business, but this insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses and may not continue
to be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. 

Further,
if our laboratories become inoperable, we may not be able to license or transfer our proprietary technology to a third-party, with established
state licensure and CLIA certification under the scope of which our diagnostic tests could be performed following validation and other
required procedures, to perform the tests. Even if we find a third-party with such qualifications to perform our tests, such party may
not be willing to perform the tests for us on commercially reasonable terms. Moreover, we believe our tests are currently subject to
enforcement discretion by the FDA because we believe the tests currently qualify as LDTs. If, however, we are required to find a third-party
laboratory to conduct our testing services, we believe this would change our status and the FDA would consider such tests offered through
a third-party to then be a medical device subject to active FDA regulation and enforcement under its in vitro diagnostic authorities.
In that case, we may be required to obtain premarket clearance or approval prior to offering our tests, which would be time-consuming
and costly and could result in interruptions and delays in our ability to sell or offer our tests. 

25 

There
is a limited number of manufacturers of molecular diagnostic testing equipment and related chemical reagents necessary for the provision
of our diagnostic tests. 

After
encountering inconsistent results using diagnostic testing equipment and reagents from one manufacturer, we switched to diagnostic testing
equipment from a different manufacturer. The chemical reagents used with the diagnostic testing equipment are available only from the
equipment manufacturer. If issues were to arise with the new equipment or if reagents we are using causing us to acquire different diagnostic
testing equipment again, we would need to conduct validation and analytic studies to determine whether our previous test results can
be reproduced using the new equipment. As a result, we could experience delays again in developing our diagnostic tests. If similar issues
were to arise after commercialization of a diagnostic test, we could experience a disruption for a period of time in providing the diagnostic
tests to patients and we would lose revenues and potentially market share as a result. 

If
we fail to enter into and maintain successful strategic alliances for diagnostic tests that we elect to co-develop, co-market, or out-license,
we may have to reduce or delay our diagnostic test development or increase our expenditures. 

In
order to facilitate the development, manufacture and commercialization of our diagnostic tests we may enter into strategic alliances
with diagnostic, pharmaceutical, or medical device companies to advance our programs and enable us to maintain our financial and operational
capacity. We will face significant competition in seeking appropriate alliances. We may not be able to negotiate alliances on acceptable
terms, if at all. If we fail to create and maintain suitable alliances, we may have to limit the size or scope of, or delay, one or more
of our product development or research programs, or we will have to increase our expenditures and will need to obtain additional funding,
which may be unavailable or available only on unfavorable terms. 

If
we are able to enter into development and marketing arrangements with diagnostic, pharmaceutical or medical device companies for our
diagnostic tests, we may license product development, manufacturing, and marketing rights to the pharmaceutical or medical device company
or to a joint venture company formed with the pharmaceutical or medical device company. Under such arrangements we might receive only
a royalty on sales of the diagnostic tests developed or an equity interest in a joint venture company that develops the diagnostic test.
As a result, our revenues from the sale of those diagnostic tests may be substantially less than the amount of revenues and gross profits
that we might receive if we were to develop, manufacture, and market the diagnostic tests ourselves. 

We
may become dependent on possible future collaborations to develop and commercialize many of our diagnostic test candidates and to provide
the manufacturing, regulatory compliance, sales, marketing and distribution capabilities required for the success of our business. 

We
may enter into various kinds of collaborative research and development, manufacturing, and diagnostic test marketing agreements to develop
and commercialize our diagnostic tests. Any future milestone payments and cost reimbursements from collaboration agreements could provide
an important source of financing for our research and development programs, thereby facilitating the application of our technology to
the development and commercialization of our diagnostic tests, but there are risks associated with entering into collaboration arrangements. 

26 

There
is a risk that we could become dependent upon one or more collaborative arrangements for diagnostic test development or manufacturing
or as a source of revenues from the sale of any diagnostic tests that may be developed by us alone or through one of the collaborative
arrangements. A collaborative arrangement upon which we might depend might be terminated by our collaboration partner or they might determine
not to actively pursue the development or commercialization of our diagnostic tests. A collaboration partner also may not be precluded
from independently pursuing competing diagnostic tests or technologies. 

There
is a risk that a collaboration partner might fail to perform its obligations under the collaborative arrangements or may be slow in performing
its obligations. In addition, a collaboration partner may experience financial difficulties at any time that could prevent it from having
available funds to contribute to the collaboration. If a collaboration partner fails to conduct its diagnostic test development, manufacturing,
commercialization, regulatory compliance, sales and marketing or distribution activities successfully and in a timely manner, or if it
terminates or materially modifies its agreements with us, the development and commercialization of one or more diagnostic test candidates
could be delayed, curtailed or terminated because we may not have sufficient financial resources or capabilities to continue diagnostic
test development, manufacturing, and commercialization on our own. 

Failure
to adequately protect, or disputes relating to, trademarks, could harm our business. 

We
cannot be certain that the legal steps we are taking are sufficient to protect our trademark rights or that, notwithstanding legal protection,
others will not infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property rights. In addition, we could come into conflict with third parties
over trademark rights, which could result in disruptive and expensive litigation. Challenges to our trademarks could result in significant
costs related to the prosecution or defense of the registrations of our trademarks or rebranding if we need to abandon or modify a trademark. 

Our
business could be adversely affected if we lose the services of the key personnel upon whom we depend. 

We
presently rely on a small senior management team to direct our diagnostics program and our initial commercial activities. Accordingly,
the loss of the services of one or more of the members of that management team could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our
cash and cash equivalents could be adversely affected if the financial institutions in which we hold our cash and cash equivalents fail. 

Actual
events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional
counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors
about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems.
For example, on March 10, 2023, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC took control of Silicon Valley Bank SVB and created the National Bank of Santa Clara to hold the deposits of SVB after SVB was unable to continue its operations.
On March 12, 2023, the FDIC, U.S. Department of the Treasury, and Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, issued a joint press
release stating that all depositors would have access to all of their money beginning on March 13, 2023. As of March 24, 2023, we have
access to our cash on deposit with SVB. If we are unable to access all or a significant portion of the amounts we have deposited at financial
institutions for any extended period of time, we may not be able to pay our operational expenses or make other payments until we are
able to move our funds to accounts at one or more other financial institutions, which process could cause a temporary delay in making
payments to our vendors and employees and cause other operational challenges. 

Our
business and operations could suffer in the event of system failures. 

We
depend on information technology and telecommunications systems, including a combination of on-site systems, managed data center systems,
cloud-based systems, and the Internet, for significant elements of our operations, including processing, transmitting, and storing a
wide variety of business-critical information. Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those
of our contractors and consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, ransomware, unauthorized access, natural disasters,
terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. Such events could cause interruption of our operations, downtime of our
information technology or telecommunications systems or those used by our third-party service providers, and have an adverse effect on
our business and results of operations. For example, the loss of data for our diagnostic test candidates could result in delays in our
regulatory filings and development efforts and significantly increase our costs. To the extent that any disruption or security breach
results in a loss of or damage to our data, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability
under federal or state laws, be subject to litigation, and the development of our diagnostic test candidates could be delayed. 

27 

Security
breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, and could cause our business and reputation
to suffer. 

In
the ordinary course of business, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information
and that of our business partners, PHI, and personally identifiable information of patients and employees. We manage and maintain our
applications and data utilizing a combination of on-site systems, managed data center systems and cloud-based systems. We also communicate
PHI and other sensitive data through our various tools and platforms. In addition to storing and transmitting sensitive data that is
subject to legal protections, these applications and data encompass a wide variety of business-critical information, including research
and development information, commercial information, and business and financial information. The secure processing, maintenance, and
transmission of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. 

We
face a number of risks relative to protecting our information, including loss of access, inappropriate disclosure, inappropriate modification,
and the risk of our being unable to adequately monitor and modify our controls over our critical information. Despite our security measures,
our information technology and infrastructure are also vulnerable to attacks by hackers, viruses, ransomware or breaches due to employee
error, technical error, malfeasance, or other disruptions. 

These
types of problems may be caused by a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, intentional or accidental human actions or
omissions, software errors, malware, security attacks, fraud, spikes in customer usage and denial of service issues. From time to time,
large third-party web hosting providers have also experienced outages or other problems that have resulted in their systems being offline
and inaccessible. In addition to data security risks, we also face privacy risks. Should we actually violate, or be perceived to have
violated, any privacy promises we make to patients or consumers, we could be subject to a complaint from an affected individual or interested
privacy regulator, such as the FTC or a state Attorney General. This risk is heightened given the sensitivity of the data we collect. 

Any
problems that may arise in connection with our data and systems, including those that are hosted by third-party providers, could result
in interruptions to our business and operations or exposure to security vulnerabilities. Any such breach or interruption, whether of
our systems or that of our third-party service providers or their subcontractors, could also compromise our networks, and the information
stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, or stolen. Any such access, disclosure, theft, or other loss of information
or privacy or security compromise could result in legal claims or proceedings or liability under federal or state laws that protect the
privacy or security of personal information, including HIPAA, HITECH, and state data security and data breach notification laws. Any
data privacy or security event could also disrupt our operations and damage our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our business. 

If
a privacy or security event occurs, we may be required to comply with state breach notification laws and become subject to mandatory
corrective action. Penalties for failure to comply with a requirement of HIPAA or HITECH vary significantly, and, depending on the knowledge
and culpability of the HIPAA-regulated entity, may include civil monetary penalties of up to 1.5 million per calendar year for each
provision of HIPAA that is violated. A person who knowingly obtains or discloses individually identifiable health information in violation
of HIPAA may face a criminal penalty of up to 50,000 and up to one-year imprisonment. The criminal penalties increase if the wrongful
conduct involves false pretenses or the intent to sell, transfer or use identifiable health information for commercial advantage, personal
gain or malicious harm. Penalties for unfair or deceptive acts or practices under the FTC Act or state Unfair and Deceptive Acts and
Practices statutes may also vary significantly. 

Also,
even if we do not incur an interruption of or our operations, fines, penalties, or financial liability to third parties from a security
breach, we could suffer a loss of confidence in our services, which could adversely affect our business and competitive position. A security
event could also result in the compromise of our trade secrets and other proprietary information, which could adversely affect our competitive
position. 

28 

Failure
of our internal control over financial reporting could harm our business and financial results. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting for external
purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining
records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary for preparation of our consolidated financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures
of our assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition,
use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute
assurance that a misstatement of our consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected. Our growth and entry into new
diagnostic tests, technologies and markets will place significant additional pressure on our system of internal control over financial
reporting. Any failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could limit our ability to report
our financial results accurately and timely or to detect and prevent fraud. Because we are a smaller reporting
company, we are exempt from the requirement of having our internal controls over financial reporting audited by our independent registered
public accountants, which means that material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal controls that might be detected
by an audit may not be detected and remedied. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations governing corruption, which will require us to develop, maintain, and implement costly compliance
programs. 

We
must comply with a wide range of laws and regulations to prevent corruption, bribery, and other unethical business practices, including
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or FCPA, anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in other countries. The creation and implementation
of international business practices compliance programs is costly and such programs are difficult to enforce, particularly where reliance
on third parties is required. 

Anti-bribery
laws prohibit us, our employees, and some of our agents or representatives from offering or providing any personal benefit to covered
government officials to influence their performance of their duties or induce them to serve interests other than the missions of the
public organizations in which they serve. Certain commercial bribery rules also prohibit offering or providing any personal benefit to
employees and representatives of commercial companies to influence their performance of their duties or induce them to serve interests
other than their employers. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the U.S. to comply with certain accounting
provisions requiring us to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the corporation, including
international subsidiaries, and devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls for international operations.
The anti-bribery provisions of the FCPA are enforced primarily by the United States Department of Justice. The SEC is involved with enforcement
of the books and records provisions of the FCPA. 

Compliance
with these anti-bribery laws is expensive and difficult, particularly in countries in which corruption is a recognized problem. In addition,
the anti-bribery laws present particular challenges in the medical industry because in many countries including China, hospitals are
state-owned or operated by the government, and doctors and other hospital employees are considered foreign government officials. Furthermore,
in certain countries (China in particular), hospitals and clinics are permitted to sell pharmaceuticals to their patients and are primary
or significant distributors of pharmaceuticals. Certain payments to hospitals in connection with clinical studies, procurement of pharmaceuticals
and other work have been deemed to be improper payments to government officials that have led to vigorous anti-bribery law enforcement
actions and heavy fines in multiple jurisdictions, particularly in the U.S. and China. 

29 

It
is not always possible to identify and deter violations, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective
in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits
stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. 

In
the medical industry, corrupt practices include, among others, offering or accepting kickbacks, bribes or other illegal gains or benefits
by the hospitals and medical practitioners from manufacturers of pharmaceutical or other products, distributors or their third-party
agents in connection with the prescription of certain pharmaceuticals or sale of products. If our employees, affiliates, distributors
or third-party marketing firms violate these laws or otherwise engage in illegal practices with respect to their sales or marketing of
our products or other activities involving our products, we could be required to pay damages or heavy fines by multiple jurisdictions
where we operate, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. There have been recent
occurrences in which certain hospitals have denied access to sales representatives from pharmaceutical companies because the hospitals
wanted to avoid the perception of corruption. If this attitude becomes widespread among our potential customers, our ability to promote
our products to hospitals may be adversely affected. 

If
we and our subsidiaries expand operations internationally, we will need to increase the scope of our compliance programs to address the
risks relating to the potential for violations of the FCPA and other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and data protection laws.
Our compliance programs will need to include policies addressing not only the FCPA, but also the provisions of a variety of anti-bribery
and anti-corruption laws in multiple foreign jurisdictions, provisions relating to books and records that apply to us as a public company,
and include effective training for our personnel throughout our organization. The creation and implementation of anti-corruption compliance
programs is costly and such programs are difficult to enforce, particularly where reliance on third parties is required. Violation of
the FCPA and other anti-corruption and data privacy laws can result in significant administrative and criminal penalties for us and our
employees, including substantial fines, suspension or debarment from government contracting, prison sentences, or even the death penalty
in extremely serious cases in certain countries. The SEC also may suspend or bar us from trading securities on U.S. exchanges for violation
of the FCPA s accounting provisions. Even if we are not ultimately punished by government authorities, the costs of investigation
and review, distraction of our personnel, legal defense costs, and harm to our reputation could be substantial and could limit our profitability
or our ability to develop or commercialize our product candidates. In addition, if any of our competitors are not subject to the FCPA,
they may engage in practices that will lead to their receipt of preferential treatment from foreign hospitals and enable them to secure
business from foreign hospitals in ways that are unavailable to us. 

We
may in the future be subject to litigation, which could harm our stock price, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
may be subject to litigation in the future. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of their stock, many companies,
including us, have been the subjects of securities class action litigation. Any such litigation can result in substantial costs and diversion
of management s attention and resources and could harm our stock price, business results of operations and financial condition.
As a result of these factors, holders of our common stock might be unable to sell their shares at or above the price they paid for such
shares. 

We
may undertake strategic acquisitions in the future, and difficulties integrating such acquisitions could damage our ability to achieve
or sustain profitability. 

We
may acquire businesses or assets that complement or augment our existing business. If we acquire businesses with promising products or
technologies, we may not be able to realize the benefit of acquiring such businesses if we are unable to move one or more products through
preclinical and/or clinical development to regulatory approval and commercialization. Integrating any newly acquired businesses or technologies
could be expensive and time-consuming, resulting in the diversion of resources from our current business. We may not be able to integrate
any acquired business successfully. We cannot assure that, following an acquisition, we will achieve revenues, specific net income or
loss levels that justify the acquisition or that the acquisition will result in increased earnings, or reduced losses, for the combined
company in any future period. Moreover, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financing to acquire
any businesses, which would result in dilution for stockholders or the incurrence of indebtedness and may not be available on terms which
would otherwise be acceptable to us. We may not be able to operate acquired businesses profitably or otherwise implement our growth strategy
successfully. 

We
are subject to state laws in California that require gender and diversity quotas for boards of directors of public companies headquartered
in California. 

In
September 2018, California enacted SB 826, requiring public companies headquartered in California to maintain minimum female representation
on their boards of directors as follows: by December 31, 2019, public company boards must have a minimum of one female director; by December
31, 2021, public company boards with five members were required to have at least two female directors, and public company boards with
six or more members were required to have at least three female directors. On May 13, 2022, the Los Angeles Superior Court declared SB 826 unconstitutional and, although the California Secretary
of State has directed counsel to file an appeal of decision, the State of California is currently precluded from enforcing SB 826. 

Additionally,
on September 30, 2020, California enacted AB 979, requiring public companies with principal executive offices in California to each have
at least one director from an underrepresented community based on ethnicity and sexual orientation by December 31, 2021. A director from
an underrepresented community means a director who self-identifies as Black, African American, Hispanic, Latino, Asian,
Pacific Islander, Native American, Native Hawaiian, Alaska Native, gay, lesbian, bisexual or transgender. By December 31, 2022, each
of these companies will be required to have at least two directors from such underrepresented communities if such company has more than
four but fewer than nine directors, or at least three directors from underrepresented communities if the company has nine or more directors.
On April 1, 2022, the Los Angeles Superior Court declared AB 979 unconstitutional and, although the California Secretary of State has
filed a notice of appeal in the case, the State of California is currently precluded from enforcing AB 979. 

If
the State of California successfully appeals the court decisions regarding SB 826 or AB 979, we cannot assure that we can recruit, attract
and/or retain qualified members of the board and meet gender or diversity quotas as previously required by SB 826 or AB 979, and our
board of directors does not currently satisfy the quota previously required under these regulations. A failure to comply with any such
quota requirement could result in fines from the California Secretary of State, and our reputation may be adversely affected. 

30 

Risks
Related to Our Industry 

Our
operations as a clinical laboratory in the United States are subject to oversight by CMS under CLIA, as well as certain state agencies,
and our operation of clinical laboratories in any foreign jurisdictions are subject to similar regulatory oversight. Any failure to maintain
our CLIA or applicable state or international permits and licenses may affect our ability to commercialize our diagnostic tests. 

We
are subject to CLIA, a federal law regulating clinical laboratories that perform testing on specimens derived from humans for the purpose
of providing information for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of disease. Our clinical laboratories must be certified under CLIA
in order for us to perform testing on human specimens. CLIA is intended to ensure the quality and reliability of clinical laboratories
in the United States by mandating specific standards in the areas of personnel qualifications, administration, and participation in proficiency
testing, patient test management, quality control, quality assurance and inspections. We have a current certificate under CLIA to perform
routine chemistry. To renew these certificates, our diagnostic laboratories are subject to survey and inspection every two years. Moreover,
CLIA inspectors may make periodic inspections of our clinical laboratories outside of the renewal process. 

The
law also requires us to maintain a state laboratory license to conduct testing in the states in which are laboratories are located. State
laws establish standards for day-to-day operation of a clinical laboratory, including the training and skills required of personnel and
quality control. In addition, several states require that we hold licenses to test specimens from patients in those states. We do not
have immediate plans to market our tests for commercial use in the European Union and as a result, at this time we do not believe we
are subject to EU or EU member state post-market regulations related to our tests. 

If
we were to lose our CLIA certification or a required state license for a laboratory, whether as a result of a revocation, suspension
or limitation, we would no longer be able to offer our tests from the affected laboratory, which would limit our revenue and harm our
business. If we were to lose our license in other states where we are required to hold licenses, we would not be able to test specimens
from those states. If we perform testing on samples originating in a state where we require a license, but do not currently have one,
we could be subject to fines, sanctions, and may be denied permits or licenses in the future. 

We
also maintain laboratory operations in Germany and could expand our laboratory operations to other foreign jurisdictions. Therefore,
we are subject to laboratory quality regulations and accreditation standards in Germany, and will be subject to such regulations and
standards in any other jurisdictions where we may operate. These requirements may vary by jurisdiction and differ from those in the United
States, and may require us to implement additional compliance measures. If we fail to comply with any foreign jurisdiction s applicable
laboratory regulations and standards it could limit our revenue and harm or business and we could be subject to fines and other sanctions. 

If
the FDA takes the position that any of our tests are not within the scope of its policy on enforcement discretion for laboratory-developed
tests, or otherwise determines that it will seek to actively regulate one or more of our diagnostic tests, responding to such a regulatory
position could lead to delays in commercialization, or (if encountered after commercialization) requirements to halt the commercial provision
of our tests until FDA marketing authorization is obtained . 

Although
the FDA has historically exercised enforcement discretion over most LDTs, it does not consider tests to be subject to this enforcement
discretion if they were or are designed or manufactured completely, or partly, outside of the laboratory that offers and uses them, or
if they are offered over-the-counter (as opposed to being available to patients only when prescribed by a health care provider).
In recent years, however, the FDA has stated it intends to end its policy of general enforcement discretion and regulate certain LDTs
as medical devices. To this end, on October 3, 2014, the FDA issued two draft guidance documents, entitled Framework for Regulatory
Oversight of Laboratory Developed Tests (LDTs) and FDA Notification and Medical Device Reporting for Laboratory Developed
Tests (LDTs), respectively, that set forth a proposed risk-based regulatory framework that would apply varying levels of FDA oversight
to LDTs. Subsequently, on January 13, 2017, the FDA published a discussion paper in which it outlined a substantially revised
 possible approach to the oversight of LDTs. 

In
August 2020, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the parent agency for FDA, announced that the FDA will not require
premarket review of LDTs absent notice-and-comment rulemaking, as opposed to through guidance documents, compliance manuals, website
statements, or other informal issuances. It is unclear at this time whether this policy will be retained the Biden Administration,
and if so, when the FDA might seek to begin the notice and comment rulemaking process. 

Legislative
proposals addressing the FDA s oversight of LDTs have been introduced in previous Congresses, and we expect that new legislative
proposals may be introduced from time-to-time. The likelihood that Congress will pass such legislation and the extent to which such legislation
may affect the FDA s plans to regulate certain LDTs as medical devices is difficult to predict at this time. 

31 

In
March 2020, a bill titled the Verifying Accurate Leading-edge IVCT Development Act of 2020, or VALID Act, was officially
introduced in Congress. The bill proposes a risk-based approach to regulate LDTs and creates a new in vitro clinical test, or IVCT, category
of regulated products, which includes LDTs, and a regulatory structure under the FDA. As proposed, the bill grandfathers many existing
tests from the proposed premarket approval, quality systems, and labeling requirements, respectively, but would require such tests to
comply with other regulatory requirements (e.g., registration and listing, adverse event reporting). Later that month, Senator Paul introduced
the Verified Innovative Testing in American Laboratories Act of 2020, or VITAL Act, which proposes that all aspects of laboratory-developed
testing procedures be subject to regulation under CLIA, and that no aspects of such procedures be subject to regulation by the
FDA. We cannot predict if either of these bills will be enacted in their current (or any other) form and cannot quantify the effect of
these bills on our business. 

If
the FDA were to determine that our tests are not within the policy for LDTs for any reason, including new rules, policies, or guidance,
or due to new legislation such as the proposed VALID Act, our tests may become subject to FDA requirements, including pre-market review.
If required, the regulatory marketing authorization process may involve, among other things, successfully completing additional clinical
trials and submitting a pre-market clearance (510(k)) submission or filing a de novo or pre-market approval application with the
FDA. If pre-market review and approval is required by the FDA, we may need to incur additional expenses or require additional time to
seek it, or we may be unable to satisfy FDA standards, and our tests may not be cleared or approved on a timely basis, if at all, and
the labeling claims permitted by the FDA may not be consistent with our currently planned claims or adequate to support adoption of and
reimbursement for our tests. Ongoing compliance with FDA regulations would increase the cost of conducting our business, and subject
us to inspection by and the regulatory requirements of the FDA, for example registration and listing, adherence to good manufacturing
practices under the Quality System Regulation, and medical device reporting, and enforcement action in the event we fail to comply with
these requirements. Our laboratories are operating under CLIA and are not currently operating as device manufacturing facilities following
FDA s Quality System Regulation. Because these standards differ, we may face challenges establishing FDA-compliant quality systems
or be unable to do so. If after commercialization under the LDT framework our tests are allowed to remain on the market but there is
uncertainty about the regulatory status of our tests, including questions that may be raised if competitors object to our regulatory
positioning as an LDT, we may encounter ongoing regulatory and legal challenges and related costs. Such challenges or related developments
(for example if the labeling claims the FDA allows us to make are more limited than the claims we currently plan to make) may impact
our commercialization efforts as orders or reimbursement may be less than anticipated. Any of these regulatory developments may cause
our business to suffer. 

We
will also need to obtain FDA and other regulatory approvals for any IVDs that we may develop, in order to market those IVD tests. 

If
we decide to develop IVDs, we will need to obtain regulatory clearance or approval to market each new IVD test. This means that: 

The
 IVDs that we may develop cannot be sold until the CMS or the FDA, and corresponding foreign regulatory authorities approve or authorize
 the laboratory tests or the IVDs for medical use. 

We
 will have to conduct expensive and time-consuming clinical trials of new diagnostic tests. The full cost of conducting and completing
 clinical trials necessary to obtain FDA clearance or approval of IVD tests or for gaining reimbursement from health insurance companies,
 health maintenance organizations, Medicare, and other third-party payers cannot be presently determined but could exceed our financial
 resources. 

Data
 obtained from preclinical and clinical studies is susceptible to varying interpretations that could delay, limit or prevent regulatory
 agency clearances or approvals. Delays or denials of the regulatory clearances or approvals may be encountered as a result of changes
 in regulatory agency policy, regulations, or laws. 

A
 diagnostic test that is cleared or approved for marketing may be subject to restrictions on use. 

The
 FDA can withdraw approval of an FDA regulated product if problems arise. 

32 

Clinical
trial failures can occur at any stage of the testing and we may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, the
clinical trial process that could delay or prevent commercialization of our current or future diagnostic tests. 

Clinical
trial failures or delays can occur at any stage of the trials, and may be directly or indirectly caused by a variety of factors, including
but not limited to: 

Delays
 in securing clinical investigators or trial sites for our clinical trials; 

Delays
 in obtaining Institutional Review Board and other regulatory approvals to commence a clinical trial; 

Slower
 than anticipated rates of patient recruitment and enrollment, or failing to reach the targeted number of patients due to competition
 for patients from other trials; 

Limited
 or no availability of coverage, reimbursement and adequate payment from health maintenance organizations and other third-party payers
 for the use of our diagnostic test candidates in our clinical trials; 

Negative
 or inconclusive results from clinical trials; 

Approval
 and introduction of new diagnostic or changes in standards of practice or regulatory guidance that render our clinical trial endpoints
 or the targeting of our proposed indications obsolete; 

Inability
 to monitor patients adequately during or after treatment or problems with investigator or patient compliance with the trial protocols; 

Inability
 to replicate in large controlled studies safety and efficacy data obtained from a limited number of patients in uncontrolled trials;
 and 

Inability
 or unwillingness of medical investigators to follow our clinical protocols. 

The
commercial success of our diagnostic tests depends on the availability and sufficiency of third-party payer coverage and reimbursement,
which may be limited or unavailable. 

Our
ability to successfully commercialize our diagnostic tests will depend, in significant part, on the extent to which appropriate reimbursement
levels can be obtained for patients. Physicians will be hesitant to order a diagnostic test for a patient when they may be left with
a large out-of-pocket fee through co-payments or co-insurance or unreimbursed balances. Third-party payers, including Medicare, Medicaid
and private insurers, are increasingly challenging the prices charged for healthcare products and services. In addition, legislative
proposals to reform health care or reduce government insurance programs may result in lower prices or the actual inability of prospective
customers to purchase our tests. Furthermore, even if reimbursement is available, it may not be available at price levels sufficient
for us to realize a positive return on our investment. We have never successfully obtained reimbursement for any test and may never be
able to obtain reimbursement from any third-party payer; without such coverage and reimbursement, we may not achieve market acceptance
of our test and may never be profitable. 

The
United States government and state legislatures have shown significant interest in implementing cost containment programs to limit the
growth of government-paid healthcare costs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and coverage. Adoption of government
controls and measures, and tightening of restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could exclude or
limit one or more of our diagnostic tests from coverage. Even if a diagnostic test receives coverage and reimbursement from third-party
payers, such coverage policies and reimbursement rates may change at any time, might not be adequate, or less favorable coverage policies
and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. If we are unable to obtain and maintain sufficient third-party coverage and
adequate reimbursement for a diagnostic test, its commercial success may be greatly hindered, and our financial condition and results
of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

33 

We
may need to conduct additional studies in order to demonstrate the cost-effectiveness of our diagnostic tests to the satisfaction of
our target customers and their third-party payers. Such studies might require us to commit a significant amount of management time and
financial and other resources 

Changes
in healthcare laws and policies may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We
cannot predict whether future healthcare initiatives will be implemented at the federal or state level, or how any future legislation
or regulation may affect us. For instance, the payment reductions imposed by the Affordable Care Act ACA and the expansion
of the federal and state governments role in the U.S. healthcare industry as well as changes to the reimbursement amounts paid
by payers for our tests and future tests and products may reduce our profits and have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. Notably, Congress enacted legislation in 2017 that eliminated the ACA s individual
mandate beginning in 2019, which may significantly impact the number of covered lives participating in exchange plans. The U.S.
Supreme Court is currently reviewing the constitutionality of the ACA, although it is unclear when a decision will be made. Further,
it is possible that additional governmental action be taken in response to the recent COVID-19 public health emergency. 

PAMA
significantly altered the payment methodology under the Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule that determines Medicare coverage for laboratory
tests. Under PAMA (as amended by the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2020 and the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security
Act, respectively) and its implementing regulations, clinical laboratories must report to CMS private payer rates for clinical diagnostic
laboratory tests. Laboratories that fail to timely report the required payment information may be subject to substantial civil money
penalties. Medicare payments for clinical diagnostic laboratory tests are paid based upon these reported private payer rates. For certain
clinical diagnostic laboratory tests that are not designated as advanced diagnostic laboratory tests, initial payment rates will be assigned
by the cross-walk or gap-fill methodology. For laboratory tests that are designated as new advanced diagnostic laboratory tests initial
payment rates will be based on the actual list charge for the laboratory test. On December 10, 2021 CMS reported that the payment rates
calculated under PAMA will be held at 2020 levels during 2022, and then, where applicable based upon median private payer rates reported,
reduced by up to 15 per test year in each of 2023 through 2025, with a second round of private payer rate reporting between January
1, 2022 and March 31, 2022 to establish the 2023 through 2025 rates. Thereafter, additional data collection and reporting obligations
are scheduled to continue on an every third subsequent calendar year cycle to establish the payment rates. 

Because
of certain Medicare billing policies, we may not receive complete reimbursement for tests provided to Medicare patients. 

Medicare
has coverage policies that can be national or regional in scope. Coverage means that the test or assay is approved as a benefit for Medicare
beneficiaries. If there is no coverage, neither the supplier nor any other party, such as a diagnostic laboratory, may receive reimbursement
from Medicare for the service. Regional policies are directed by Medicare s regional MACs. Reimbursement for our diagnostic testing
may be negatively impacted by California MAC policies. 

Long
payment cycles of Medicare, Medicaid and other third-party payers, or other payment delays, could hurt our cash flows and increase our
need for working capital. 

Medicare
and Medicaid have complex billing and documentation requirements that we will have to satisfy in order to receive payment. Failure to
comply with these requirements and other laws applicable to billing may result in, among other things, non-payment, refunds, exclusion
from government healthcare programs, and civil or criminal liabilities, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our revenues
and earnings. Similarly, the failure of private health insurers or other private third-party payers to properly process our payment claims
in a timely manner could delay our receipt of payment for our diagnostic tests and services, which may have a material adverse effect
on our cash flows. 

34 

Private
health insurance company policies may deny coverage or limit the amount they will reimburse us for the performance of our diagnostic
tests. 

Patients
who are not covered by Medicare will generally rely on health insurance provided by private health insurance companies. If we are considered
a non-contracted provider by a third-party payer, that payer may not reimburse patients for diagnostic tests performed
by us, or doctors within the payer s network of covered physicians may not use our services to perform diagnostic tests for their
patients. As a result, we may need to enter into contracts with health insurance companies or other private payers to provide diagnostic
tests to their insured patients at specified rates of reimbursement which may be lower than the rates we might otherwise collect. 

We
will be required to comply with federal and state laws governing the privacy of health information, and any failure to comply with these
laws could result in material criminal and civil penalties. 

HIPAA
sets forth security regulations that establish administrative, physical and technical standards for maintaining the confidentiality,
integrity and availability of Protected Health Information in electronic form. We also may be required to comply with state laws that
are more stringent than HIPAA or that provide individuals with greater rights with respect to the privacy or security of, and access
to, their health care records. The Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH established
certain health information security breach notification obligations that require covered entities to notify each individual whose protected
health information is breached. 

We
may incur significant compliance costs related to HIPAA and HITECH privacy regulations and varying state privacy regulations and varying
state privacy and security laws. Given the complexity of HIPAA and HITECH and their overlap with state privacy and security laws, and
the fact that these laws are rapidly evolving and are subject to changing and potentially conflicting interpretation, our ability to
comply with the HIPAA, HITECH and state privacy requirements is uncertain and the costs of compliance are significant. The costs of complying
with any changes to the HIPAA, HITECH and state privacy restrictions may have a negative impact on our operations. Noncompliance could
subject us to criminal penalties, civil sanctions and significant monetary penalties as well as reputational damage. 

If
we are successful in commercializing our diagnostic tests, we will be obligated to comply with numerous additional federal and state
statutes and regulations pertaining to our business and be subject to government oversight and scrutiny for our compliance with such
laws. Laboratory and health care regulatory compliance efforts are expensive and time-consuming, and failure to maintain compliance with
applicable laws could result in enforcement action which could be detrimental to our business. 

If
we are successful in commercializing any of our diagnostic tests, and particularly if payment becomes available from government or commercial
payers for a test, we will be subject to extensive and frequently changing federal and state laws governing various aspects of our business.
We will be subject to ongoing compliance with laws addressing our laboratory licensure and certification at the federal and state level;
advertising and promotion (including laws enforced by the Federal Trade Commission); and laws intended to prevent fraud, waste, and abuse
in healthcare programs (including among others the Anti-Kickback Statute, False Claims Act, the Eliminating Kickbacks in Recovery Act
(EKRA), the Stark Law, and applicable state law equivalents). 

These
laws and regulations are complex and are subject to interpretation by the courts and by government agencies. If one or more such agencies
alleges that we may be in violation of any of these requirements, regardless of the outcome, it could damage our reputation and adversely
affect important business relationships with third parties. Any action brought against us for violation of these or other laws or regulations,
even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention
from the operation of our business. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws and regulations, we may be subject
to any applicable penalty associated with the violation, including civil and criminal penalties, damages and fines, and in some circumstances
we could be required to refund payments received by us from payers, or even be excluded from participation in healthcare programs. Any
of the foregoing consequences could seriously harm our business and our financial results. 

35 

We
plan to adopt policies and procedures designed to comply with applicable laws and regulations. Developing a compliance infrastructure
is costly and time-consuming, and even a well-designed and implemented compliance program cannot necessarily prevent all violations of
relevant laws. We may be subject to enforcement action based on the actions or omissions of employees or contractors, including our anticipated
sales force. 

Risks
Related to Intellectual Property 

We
rely on patents and trade secrets, and our financial success will depend, in part, on our ability to obtain commercially valuable patent
claims, protect our intellectual property rights and operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others. 

We
rely primarily on patents and contractual obligations with employees and third parties to protect our proprietary rights. We have sought,
and intend to continue to seek, appropriate patent protection for important and strategic components of our proprietary technologies
by filing patent applications in the United States and certain foreign countries. We may also use license agreements both to access technologies
developed by other companies and universities and to convey certain intellectual property rights to others. Our financial success will
depend, in part, on our ability to obtain commercially valuable patent claims, protect our intellectual property rights and operate without
infringing upon the proprietary rights of others. 

We
may not be able to obtain patent protection for our diagnostic test if our pending U.S. patent applications are found to be directed
to unpatentable subject matter. 

The
U.S. Supreme Court has ruled on several patent cases in recent years, either narrowing the scope of patent protection available in certain
circumstances or weakening the rights of patent owners in certain situations. For example, recent cases have held that diagnostic methods
merely reciting a correlation between a naturally occurring event and a diagnostic outcome associated with that event is not patentable
subject matter. If our pending U.S. patent applications are found to be directed to unpatentable subject matter by the USPTO, or any
patents issuing from our pending patent applications are invalidated based on these decisions, we may be unable to prevent competitors
from using the biomarkers or other subject matter disclosed in the patent applications to develop similar diagnostic tests that would
compete with our tests. Additionally, there have been recent proposals for additional changes to the patent laws of the United States
and other countries that, if adopted, could impact our ability to enforce our proprietary technology. Depending on future actions by
the U.S. Congress, U.S. courts, the USPTO and the relevant law-making bodies in other countries, the laws and regulations governing patents
could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents
that we might obtain in the future. 

Changes
to the patent laws in the United States and other jurisdictions could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our
ability to protect our diagnostic tests. 

Our
success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biopharmaceutical
industry involves both technological and legal complexity and is costly, time-consuming and inherently uncertain. Patent reform legislation
in the United States and other countries, including the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the Leahy-Smith Act, signed into law in September
2011, could increase those uncertainties and costs. The Leahy-Smith Act includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law.
These include provisions that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted, redefine prior art and provide more efficient and cost-effective
avenues for competitors to challenge the validity of patents. In addition, the Leahy-Smith Act has transformed the U.S. patent system
into a first to file system. The first-to-file provisions, however, only became effective in March 2013. Accordingly, it
is not yet clear what, if any, impact the Leahy-Smith Act will have on the operation of our business. However, the Leahy-Smith Act and
its implementation could make it more difficult to obtain patent protection for our inventions and increase the uncertainties and costs
surrounding the prosecution of our or our collaboration partners patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our or
our collaboration partners issued patents, all of which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

36 

Other
companies or organizations may challenge our patent rights or may assert patent rights that prevent us from developing and commercializing
our diagnostic tests. 

Any
patent applications that we file and any patents that we hold or later obtain could be challenged by third parties and declared invalid
or infringing of third-party claims. A patent interference proceeding may be instituted with the USPTO when more than one person files
a patent application covering the same technology, or if someone wishes to challenge the validity of an issued patent filed before March
16, 2013. At the completion of the interference proceeding, the USPTO will determine which competing applicant is entitled to the patent,
or whether an issued patent is valid. Patent interference proceedings are complex, highly contested legal proceedings, and the USPTO s
decision is subject to appeal. This means that if an interference proceeding arises with respect to any of our patent applications, we
may experience significant expenses and delay in obtaining a patent, and if the outcome of the proceeding is unfavorable to us, the patent
could be issued to a competitor rather than to us. In addition to interference proceedings, the USPTO can review issued patents at the
request of a third party seeking to have the patent invalidated. An inter partes review proceeding allows third parties to challenge
the validity of an issued patent where there is a reasonable likelihood of invalidity. This means that patents owned or licensed by us
may be subject to administrative review and may be lost if the outcome of the review is unfavorable to us. 

Post
Grant Review under the Leahy-Smith Act makes available opposition-like proceedings in the United States. As with the USPTO interference
proceedings, Post Grant Review proceedings will be very expensive to contest and can result in significant delays in obtaining patent
protection or can result in a denial of a patent application. Further, a derivation proceeding may be instituted by the USPTO or an inventor
alleging that a patent or application was derived from the work of another inventor. 

Oppositions
to the issuance of patents may be filed under European patent law and the patent laws of certain other countries. As with the USPTO interference
proceedings, these foreign proceedings can be very expensive to contest and can result in significant delays in obtaining a patent or
can result in a denial of a patent application. 

The
enforcement of patent rights often requires litigation against third party infringers, and such litigation can be costly to pursue. Even
if we succeed in having new patents issued or in defending any challenge to issued patents, our patents may not be comprehensive enough
to provide us with meaningful patent protection against our competitors. 

If
we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, the value of our technology could be materially adversely affected,
and our business would be harmed. 

In
addition to patents, we rely on trade secrets, know-how, and continuing technological advancement to maintain our competitive position.
The molecular diagnostics that we are developing use gene expression classifiers or algorithms, which are mathematical models that weight
the biomarkers to produce a score. We will treat the mathematical models as trade secrets. We have entered into intellectual property,
invention, and non-disclosure agreements with our employees, and it is our practice to enter into confidentiality agreements with our
consultants. These measures, however, may not prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of our trade secrets and know-how, or that others
may not independently develop similar trade secrets and know-how or obtain access to our trade secrets, know-how, or proprietary technology. 

We
may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, which could be expensive, time-consuming
and unsuccessful. 

Competitors
may infringe our patents, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may
be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming and divert the time and attention of our management
and scientific personnel. Any claims we assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against
us alleging that we infringe their patents, in addition to counterclaims asserting that our patents are invalid or unenforceable, or
both. In any patent infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part,
and that we do not have the right to stop the other party from using the invention at issue. Even if the validity of such patents is
upheld, the court may construe the patent s claims narrowly or decide that we do not have the right to stop the other party from
using the invention at issue on the grounds that our patent claims do not cover the invention. An adverse outcome in a litigation or
proceeding involving our patents could limit our ability to assert our patents against those parties or other competitors, and may curtail
or preclude our ability to exclude third parties from making and selling similar or competitive products. Any of these occurrences could
adversely affect our competitive business position, business prospects and financial condition. Similarly, if we assert trademark infringement
claims, a court may determine that the marks we have asserted are invalid or unenforceable, or that the party against whom we have asserted
trademark infringement has superior rights to the marks in question, in which case, we could ultimately be forced to cease use of such
trademarks. 

37 

Even
if we establish infringement, the court may decide not to grant an injunction against further infringing activity and instead award only
monetary damages, which may or may not be an adequate remedy. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in
connection with intellectual property litigation, some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during litigation.
There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities
analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of shares of our common
stock. Moreover, we may not have sufficient financial or other resources to file and pursue such infringement claims, which typically
last for years before they are concluded. Even if we ultimately prevail in such claims, the monetary cost of such litigation and the
diversion of the attention of our management and scientific personnel could outweigh any benefit we receive as a result of the proceedings. 

We
may not be able to enforce our intellectual property rights throughout the world . 

Filing,
prosecuting and defending patents, if issued, on our diagnostic test candidate in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively
expensive. The requirements for patentability may differ in certain countries, particularly in developing countries. Competitors may
use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export
otherwise infringing products to territories where we may obtain patent protection, but where patent enforcement is not as strong as
that in the United States. These products may compete with our diagnostic tests in jurisdictions where we do not have any issued or licensed
patents or where any future patent claims or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from
competing with us. 

Moreover,
our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights may be adversely affected by unforeseen changes in foreign intellectual
property laws. Additionally, laws of some countries outside of the United States and Europe do not afford intellectual property protection
to the same extent as the laws of the United States and Europe. Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and
defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of some countries, including India, China
and certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property rights. This could make it
difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or the misappropriation of our other intellectual property rights. For example,
many foreign countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner must grant licenses to third parties. Consequently,
we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in certain countries outside the United States and Europe.
Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and,
further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, if our ability to enforce our patents
to stop infringing activities is inadequate. These products may compete with our diagnostic test, and our patents, if issued, or other
intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 

Proceedings
to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions, whether or not successful, could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts
and resources from other aspects of our business. Furthermore, while we intend to protect our intellectual property rights in major markets
for our diagnostic test, we cannot ensure that we will be able to initiate or maintain similar efforts in all jurisdictions in which
we may wish to market our diagnostic tests. Accordingly, our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights in such countries may
be inadequate. 

If
we are sued for infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, such litigation could be costly and time consuming and could
prevent or delay us from developing or commercializing our diagnostic tests. 

There
is a substantial amount of intellectual property litigation in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, and we may become party
to, or threatened with, litigation or other adversarial proceedings regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our current
or future diagnostic test, including interference proceedings before the USPTO, misappropriation claims, or other allegations. The outcome
of intellectual property litigation is subject to uncertainties that cannot be adequately quantified in advance. For example, the biotechnology
and pharmaceutical industries have produced a significant number of patents, and it may not always be clear to industry participants,
including us, which patents cover various types of products or methods of use. The coverage of patents is subject to interpretation by
the courts, and the interpretation is not always uniform. If we were sued for patent infringement, we would need to demonstrate that
our diagnostic tests or methods either do not infringe the patent claims of the relevant patent or that the patent claims are invalid
or unenforceable, and we may not be able to do this. Proving invalidity is difficult. For example, in the United States, proving invalidity
requires a showing of clear and convincing evidence to overcome the presumption of validity enjoyed by issued patents. 

38 

In
addition, several of our employees have executed proprietary rights, non-disclosure and non-competition agreements, or similar agreements
with their previous employers, who may allege these employees have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or
other proprietary information. Even if we are successful in these proceedings, we may incur substantial costs, and the time and attention
of our management and scientific personnel could be diverted in pursuing these proceedings, which could significantly harm our business
and operating results. We may also not have sufficient resources to bring these actions to a successful conclusion. 

If
we are found to infringe a third party s intellectual property rights, we may have to pay monetary damages, lose valuable intellectual
property rights or personnel, or be forced to cease developing, manufacturing or commercializing the infringing diagnostic test. Alternatively,
we may be required to obtain a license from such third party in order to use the infringing technology and continue developing, manufacturing
or marketing the infringing diagnostic test. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms
or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies
licensed to us. In addition, we could be found liable for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees if we
are found to have willfully infringed a patent. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our diagnostic tests
or force us to cease some of our business operations, which could materially harm our business. Claims that we have misappropriated the
confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar negative impact on our business. 

Patent
terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our diagnostic tests for an adequate amount of time. 

Given
the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new diagnostic tests, patents protecting such candidates
might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. We expect to seek extensions of patent terms in the United States
and, if available, in other countries where we are prosecuting patents. In the United States, the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term
Restoration Act of 1984 permits a patent term extension of up to five years beyond the normal expiration of the patent, which is limited
to the approved indication or any additional indications approved during the period of extension. However, the applicable authorities,
including the FDA and the USPTO in the United States, and any equivalent regulatory authorities in other countries, may not agree with
our assessment of whether such extensions are available, and may refuse to grant extensions to our patents, or may grant more limited
extensions than we request. If this occurs, our competitors may be able to take advantage of our investment in development and clinical
trials by referencing our clinical and preclinical data and launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case. 

Risks
Related to the Covid-19 Pandemic 

The
recent COVID-19 global pandemic and the worldwide attempts to contain it could harm our business and our results of operations and financial
condition could be adversely impacted by such pandemic. 

The
recent global outbreak of the coronavirus COVID-19, and the various attempts throughout the world to contain it, have created significant
volatility, uncertainty and disruption. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and actions taken in response thereto may continue to have, significant
effects on our operations, ability to generate revenues, and financing activities. In response to government directives and guidelines,
health care advisories and employee and other concerns, we have altered certain aspects of our operations. A number of our employees
have had to work remotely from home and those on site have had to follow our social distance guidelines, which could impact their productivity. 

39 

The
pandemic is affecting our revenue-generating activities. During the COVID-19 pandemic, we have not been able, and may continue to not
be able, to maintain our preferred level of physician or customer outreach and marketing of our diagnostic testing and Pharma Services,
which may have negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, our potential new customers interest in our tests and
services. Because of COVID-19, travel, visits, and in-person meetings related to our business have been severely curtailed or canceled
and we have instead used on-line or virtual meetings to meet with potential customers and others. 

The
consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic have led to uncertainties related to our business growth and our ability to forecast the demand
for our diagnostic testing and Pharma Services and resulting revenues. Although we have experienced limited COVID-19 related supply chain
disruptions which to date did not impact our testing capacity, if the vendors of equipment and reagents used in our diagnostic laboratories
experience supply, operational, or financial disruptions due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we could experience supply constraints in the
future that could cause increased costs or delays in performing Pharma Services and in continuing the development of our diagnostic tests,
including DetermaIO, DetermaCNI and VitaGraft. 

Additionally,
the continuing economic consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic have adversely impacted, and may continue to, adversely impact financial
markets, resulting in high share price volatility, reduced market liquidity, and substantial declines in the market prices of the securities
of some publicly traded companies. Volatile or declining markets for equities could adversely affect our ability to raise capital when
needed through the sale of shares of common stock or other securities. Accordingly, we cannot assure that adequate financing will be
available on favorable terms, if at all. If we are not able to raise the capital we need, we could be forced to modify, curtail, delay,
or suspend some or all aspects of planned operations. Sales of additional equity securities could result in significant dilution of the
interests of our shareholders. 

It
is possible that impacts of COVID-19 on Oncocyte s operations or revenues or its access to capital could prevent Oncocyte from
complying, or could result in a material noncompliance, with one or more obligations or covenants under material agreements to which
Oncocyte is a party, with the result that Oncocyte would be in material breach of the applicable obligation, covenant, or agreement.
Any such material breach could cause Oncocyte to incur material financial liabilities or an acceleration of the date for paying a financial
obligation to the other party to the applicable agreement, or could cause Oncocyte to lose material contractual rights, such as rights
to use leased equipment or laboratory or office space, or rights to use licensed patents or other intellectual property the use of which
is material to Oncocyte s business. Similarly, it is possible that impacts of COVID-19 on the business, operations, or financial
condition of any third party with whom Oncocyte has a contractual relationship could cause the third party to be unable to perform its
contractual obligations to Oncocyte, resulting in Oncocyte s loss of the benefits of a contract that could be material to Oncocyte s
business. 

The
full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and the various responses might impact our business, operations and financial results will
depend on numerous evolving factors that we will not be able to accurately predict, including: the development and spread of new strains,
such as Delta and Omicron; governmental, business and individuals actions that have been and continue to be taken in response
to the pandemic; the difficulty or delay in clinical site initiation; the diversion of healthcare resources away from the conduct of
clinical trials; delays or difficulties in enrolling patients in clinical trials; interruption of key clinical trial activities; interruption
or delays in the operations of regulatory agencies, which may impact review and approval times; the availability and cost to access COVID-19
tests, vaccines and therapies; the effect on our potential customers and their demand for our diagnostic testing and Pharma Services;
the effects on delays in development programs; and the effect on our suppliers and their ability to provide the necessary equipment and
materials to support our tests and services and the general global supply chain disruptions that may have lasting impacts and consequences
that are difficult to predict. In addition to the direct impacts to our business operations, the global economy is likely to continue
to be significantly weakened as a result of actions taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and to the extent that such a weakened
global economy impacts customers ability or willingness to purchase and pay for our tests, our business and results of operation
could be negatively impacted. Due to the uncertain scope and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and uncertain timing of any recovery or
normalization, we are currently unable to estimate the resulting impacts on our operations and financial results. We will continue to
actively monitor the issues raised by the COVID-19 pandemic and may take further actions that alter our operations, as may be required
by federal, state, local or foreign authorities, or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, any customers and stockholders.
It is not clear what the potential effects any such alterations or modifications may have on our business, including the effects on our
financial results. 

40 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has affected and continues to affect our ability to conduct clinical trial activities, causing delays in clinical site
initiations and patient screening and enrollment in our clinical trials, and may delay and disrupt regulatory activities and our manufacturing
and supply chain and have other adverse effects on our business and operations. 

Like
many other biopharmaceutical and diagnostic companies, we have experienced and continue to experience delays in clinical site initiations,
as well as patient screening and enrollment in our clinical trials due to the COVID-19 pandemic. At the beginning of 2020, the pace of
site opening and patient screening and enrollment was in line with our expectations. However, in the spring of 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic
began to rapidly affect clinical trial sites around the world. The delays continued throughout 2021 due to new variant surges in the
US and EU where all of our trials are executed. Many of our clinical sites established self-imposed holds on site initiations and enrollment
during this period out of concern for patient exposure to COVID-19 and due to lack of available staff. As a result, we experienced significant
delays in site initiations, as well as patient screening and enrollment. During the summer of 2020, as the number of COVID-19 cases declined
due to public health safety measures, some clinical sites removed their self-imposed holds on site initiations and enrollment, which
improved the momentum of patient enrollment. However, beginning in November 2020, another steep rise in COVID-19 cases again negatively
impacted the pace of enrollment. The emergence of COVID-19 variants also continued throughout 2021, causing further unpredictability
and uncertainty about the pace at which patients and healthcare workers would be able to return to clinical sites. 

Since
vaccine distribution has commenced in many countries, and we have begun to see the number of COVID-19 cases declining, we currently believe
our clinical trial operations may normalize over the next several months. However, the pace at which any normalization may occur remains
uncertain and unpredictable. Given the above factors, we expect there may continue to be delays in our clinical trials, in addition to
delays and disruptions in regulatory activities as well as delays in manufacturing and supply chain that may continue to have adverse
effects on our business. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Ownership
of our common stock will entail certain risks associated with the limited history of the trading of our common stock, volatility of prices
for our shares, and the fact that we do not pay dividends. 

We have identified a material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate the material weakness and otherwise maintain
an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, it could result in us not preventing or detecting on a timely basis
a material misstatement of the Company s financial statements. 

A material
weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. As further disclosed in Item 9A. Controls and Procedures of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, management
had identified a material weakness specifically relating to deficiencies in its internal controls over the review process relating to
third-party valuations. Outside of this subjective review process relating to valuations, no other deficiencies in internal controls were
identified. The Company has taken actions to remediate the material weakness related to our internal control process of review contributing
to financial reporting. We have made improvements to the design of the related controls, including standardized review procedures over
third-party valuations. While these control deficiencies did not result in a misstatement to the consolidated financial statements, the
material weakness could have resulted in a misstatement impacting account balances or disclosures that would have resulted in a material
misstatement to the consolidated financial statements that would not have been prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Although
we are implementing plans to remediate this material weakness, we cannot be certain of the success of the plans. If our remedial measures
are insufficient to address the material weakness, or if one or more additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our
internal control over financial reporting are discovered or occur in the future, or our disclosure controls and procedures are again determined
to be ineffective, we may not be able to prevent or identify irregularities or ensure the fair and accurate presentation of our financial
statements included in our periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, the occurrence of, or
failure to remediate, a material weakness and any future material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting or determination
that our disclosure controls and procedures are ineffective may have other consequences that could materially and adversely affect our
business, including an adverse impact on the market price of our common stock, potential actions or investigations by the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission or other regulatory authorities, shareholder lawsuits, a loss of investor confidence and damage to our reputation. 

Our
common stock may be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market which could negatively impact the price of our common stock, liquidity and
our ability to access the capital markets. 

Although
our common stock is currently listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market, we may not be able to continue to meet the minimum listing requirements
of The Nasdaq Capital Market or those of any other national exchange. On August 9, 2022, the Company received a letter (the Nasdaq
Notice from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq indicating that Nasdaq has determined that the Company no longer
meets the minimum bid price requirement of Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1), as the minimum closing bid price for the Company s common
stock was less than 1.00 for the previous 30 consecutive business days. The Notice provided that the Company may consider applying to
transfer the listing of the Company s common stock to The Nasdaq Capital Market, subject to the Company submitting an online transfer
application, paying the requisite fee, satisfying such market s continued listing requirement for the market value of publicly
held shares and all other initial listing standards, with the exception of the bid price requirement, and providing written notice of
its intention to cure the deficiency period during the additional compliance period. Following a transfer to The Nasdaq Capital Market,
under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A)(ii), the Company may be eligible for an additional 180 calendar day compliance period. 

The
Company applied on January 24, 2023 to transfer the listing of its common stock, no par value, from The Nasdaq Global Market to The Nasdaq
Capital Market (the Transfer ). Upon receiving confirmation that Nasdaq had approved the Transfer, the Company s common
stock began trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market effective with the open of trading on February 7, 2023. The Company s common stock
continues to trade under the symbol OCX . The Nasdaq Capital Market operates in substantially the same manner as The Nasdaq
Global Market, with issuers listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market tier required to meet certain financial and corporate governance requirements
to qualify for continued listing. 

41 

On
February 7, 2023, the Company received confirmation that Nasdaq has determined that the Company is eligible for an additional 180-calendar
day period to regain compliance by meeting the minimum bid price requirement. The minimum bid price requirement would be met if the Company s
common stock has a minimum closing bid price of at least 1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days during the 180-calendar
day period. 

If
we are unable to maintain listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market or if a liquid market for our common stock does not develop or is not
sustained, our common stock may remain thinly traded. If, for any reason, Nasdaq should delist our securities from trading on its exchange
and we are unable to obtain listing on another national securities exchange, a reduction in some or all of the following may occur, each
of which could have a material adverse effect on our shareholders: 

The
 liquidity of our common stock; 

The
 market price of our common stock; 

Our
 ability to obtain financing for the continuation of our operations; 

The
 number of investors that will consider investing in our common stock; 

The
 number of market makers in our common stock; 

The
 availability of information concerning the trading prices and volume of our common stock; and 

The
 number of broker-dealers willing to execute trades in our common stock. 

The
price of our stock may rise and fall rapidly. 

The
market price of our common stock, like that of the shares of many biotechnology companies, may be highly volatile. The price of our common
stock may rise or fall rapidly as a result of a number of factors, including: 

Sales
 or potential sales of substantial amounts of our common stock; 

Results
 of or delays in preclinical testing or clinical trials of our diagnostic test candidates; 

Announcements
 about us or about our competitors, including clinical trial results, regulatory approvals, new diagnostic test introductions and
 commercial results; 

The
 cost of our development programs; 

The
 success of competitive diagnostic tests or technologies; 

Litigation
 and other developments relating to our issued patents or patent applications or other proprietary rights or those of our competitors; 

Conditions
 in the diagnostic, pharmaceutical or biotechnology industries; 

Actual
 or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts; 

Variations
 in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us, including the failure of our earnings to meet
 analysts expectations; 

General
 economic, industry and market conditions; and 

Changes
 in payer coverage and or reimbursement. 

42 

Many
of these factors are beyond our control. The stock markets in general, and the market for pharmaceutical and biotechnological companies
in particular, have been experiencing extreme price and volume fluctuations which have affected the market price of the equity securities
without regard to the operating performance of the issuing companies. Broad market fluctuations, as well as industry factors and general
economic and political conditions, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Because
we do not pay dividends, our stock may not be a suitable investment for anyone who needs to earn dividend income. 

We
do not pay cash dividends on our common stock. For the foreseeable future we anticipate that any earnings generated in our business will
be used to finance the growth of our business and will not be paid out as dividends to our shareholders. 

Securities
analysts may not initiate coverage or continue to cover our common stock, and this may have a negative impact on the market price of
our shares. 

The
market for our common stock will depend, in part, on the research and reports that securities analysts publish about our business and
our common stock. We do not have any control over these analysts. Certain securities analysts cover our shares and they could issue reports
or recommendations that are unfavorable to the price of our shares, and they could downgrade a previously favorable report or recommendation,
and in either case our share price could decline as a result of the report. If one or more of these analysts ceases to cover our shares
or fails to publish regular reports on our business, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our share price
or trading volume to decline. 

You
may experience dilution of your ownership interests if we issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock. 

In
the future, we may issue our authorized but previously unissued equity securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests
of our present shareholders. We are currently authorized to issue an aggregate of 235,000,000 shares of capital stock consisting of 230,000,000
shares of common stock and 5,000,000 blank check shares of preferred stock. At December 31, 2022, there were 118,643,821
shares of common stock outstanding, 16,395,343 shares of common stock reserved for exercise of warrants and 9,167,688 shares of common
stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise of options under our employee stock option plans. No shares of preferred stock are presently
outstanding. 

43 

We
may issue additional common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock in order to raise additional
capital, or in connection with hiring or retaining employees, directors, or consultants, or in connection with future acquisitions of
licenses to technology or diagnostic tests in connection with future business acquisitions, or for other business purposes. The future
issuance of any such additional common stock or other securities may create downward pressure on the trading price of our common stock. 

We
may also issue preferred stock having rights, preferences, and privileges senior to the rights of our common stock with respect to dividends,
rights to share in distributions of our assets if we liquidate our company, or voting rights. Any preferred stock may also be convertible
into common stock on terms that would be dilutive to holders of common stock. 

Our
former parent company may sell its Oncocyte shares to raise capital to finance its operations. 

Prior
to February 17, 2017, Oncocyte was a consolidated subsidiary of its former parent company Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc., formerly known
as BioTime, Inc. Lineage ). Based on its most recent report of beneficial ownership on Schedule 13D, as of January 8, 2021
Lineage held 3,297,401 shares of Oncocyte common stock. Lineage has been periodically selling shares of Oncocyte common stock from its
holdings and has announced its intention to continue to sell Oncocyte shares. The sale of such shares could have a depressing effect
on the market value of Oncocyte common stock and the prices at which we can sell our own shares of common stock to raise capital to support
our operations. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
principal executive and administrative offices are located in an office and laboratory facility of leased space in Irvine, California.
The Irvine lease expires in September 2027. 

We
also operate a CLIA-certified laboratory in Nashville, Tennessee and sublease laboratory space in Brisbane, California. The lease of
the Nashville, Tennessee CLIA laboratory space will expire in April 2024, and our subleased Brisbane CLIA laboratory space sublease will
expire in March 2023. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may be involved in routine litigation incidental to the conduct of our business. We are not presently involved in any
material litigation or proceedings. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable 

44 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

On
February 7, 2023, our common stock began trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol OCX. Previously, as of March
8, 2021, our common stock was trading on The Nasdaq Global Market, and prior to that date, our common stock was traded on The New York
Stock Exchange NYSE American, both previously under the same symbol. 

Dividends 

We
have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. Any future decision to declare or pay dividends will be at the sole
discretion of our Board of Directors. 

Holders 

As
of March 22, 2023, we had approximately 309 holders of record of our common stock. This
number does not include shareholders whose shares of Oncocyte common stock are held in street name in accounts with securities
broker-dealers or other financial institutions or fiduciaries. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table shows certain information concerning the options outstanding and available for issuance under all of our compensation
plans and agreements as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except weighted average exercise price): 

Plan Category 
 Number of Shares to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (1) 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price of the Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (1) 
 Number of Shares Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (2) 
 
 Oncocyte Stock Option Plans Approved by Shareholders 
 9,168 
 2.96 
 10,804 

(1) 
 Includes
 both our 2010 Employee Stock Option Plan and our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 
 (2) 
 All
 shares remaining available for future issuance are under our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended. 

Additional
information concerning our 2010 Employee Stock Option Plan and our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended), and stock options may be
found in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements found elsewhere in this Report. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Repurchases 

None. 

Item
6. [RESERVED.] 

45 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide information
necessary to understand our audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and highlight certain
other information which, in the opinion of management, will enhance a reader s understanding of our financial condition, changes
in financial condition and results of operations. These historical consolidated financial statements may not be indicative of our future
performance. This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains a number of forward-looking
statements, all of which are based on our current expectations and could be affected by the uncertainties and risks described throughout
this filing, particularly in Risk Factors. 

Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

We are a precision diagnostics company focused on developing and commercializing proprietary tests in three areas:
DetermaIO is a gene expression test that assesses the tumor microenvironment to predict response to immunotherapies, VitaGraft is a blood-based
solid organ transplantation monitoring test and DetermaCNI is a blood-based monitoring tool for monitoring therapeutic efficacy in cancer
patients. 

We
are currently developing DetermaIO, a test with promising data supporting its potential to help identify patients likely to respond to checkpoint inhibitor
drugs. This new class of drugs modulate the immune response and show activity in multiple solid tumor types including non-small cell
lung cancer (NSCLC), and triple negative breast cancer (TNBC). DetermaIO is presently available for research use through our Pharma Services
operations but one of our goals is to complete development of that assay and to make it available for clinical use later this year. We
also perform other assay development and clinical testing services for pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies through our Pharma
Services operations. 

We
have added to our diagnostic test pipeline VitaGraft, a blood-based solid organ transplantation monitoring test, and DetermaCNI, a patented, blood-based test from Chronix for immunotherapy monitoring. 

The
inherent uncertainties of developing and commercializing new diagnostic tests for medical use make it impossible to predict the amount
of time and expense that will be required to complete the development and commercialization of those tests. There is no assurance that
we will be successful in developing new technology or diagnostic tests, or that any technology or diagnostic tests that we may develop
will be proven safe and effective in diagnosis of cancer in humans or will be successfully commercialized. 

We
believe we have sufficient cash, cash equivalents, and marketable equity securities to carry out our current operations through at least
twelve months from the issuance date of our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. We expect that
our operating expenses will continue to increase if we successfully complete the development of DetermaIO and commercialize this test.
We have hired a sales and marketing team. We also acquired a laboratory in Germany through our completed merger with Chronix and we will
incur additional expenses resulting from our continued investment in Chronix. We are continuing to seek other opportunities to acquire
ownership of or marketing rights to additional cancer tests. Because of the expected time frame to apply for and receive Medicare reimbursement
approval for our tests, our pre-Medicare approval revenues from commercialization of our tests and revenues from services we perform
for pharmaceutical companies are not expected to cover our operating expenses. We will need to obtain additional financing for our operations
until such time as we generate sufficient revenues from the commercialization of our tests to cover our operating expenses. Our determination
as to when we will seek new financing and the amount of financing that we will need will be based on our evaluation of the progress we
make in our research and development programs, any changes to or the expansion of the scope and focus of our research, progress and results
of commercializing our tests after completion of development, progress in receiving Medicare and other payor reimbursement approval,
and our projection of future costs. See Liquidity and Capital Resources for a discussion of our available capital resources,
our need for future financing, and possible sources of capital. 

46 

Recent
Developments 

Nasdaq
Notice 

On
August 9, 2022, the Company received the Nasdaq Notice indicating that Nasdaq has determined that the Company no longer meets the minimum bid price requirement of Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1),
as the minimum closing bid price for the Company s common stock was less than 1.00 for the previous 30 consecutive business days.
The Notice provided that the Company may consider applying to transfer the listing of the Company s common stock to The Nasdaq
Capital Market, subject to the Company submitting an online transfer application, paying the requisite fee, satisfying such market s
continued listing requirement for the market value of publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards, with the exception
of the bid price requirement, and providing written notice of its intention to cure the deficiency period during the additional compliance
period. Following a transfer to The Nasdaq Capital Market, under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A)(ii), the Company may be eligible for
an additional 180 calendar day compliance period. 

The
Company applied on January 24, 2023 to transfer the listing of its common stock, no par value, from The Nasdaq Global Market to The Nasdaq
Capital Market. Upon receiving confirmation that Nasdaq had approved the Transfer, the Company s common
stock began trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market effective with the open of trading on February 7, 2023. The Company s common stock
continues to trade under the symbol OCX . The Nasdaq Capital Market operates in substantially the same manner as The Nasdaq
Global Market, with issuers listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market tier required to meet certain financial and corporate governance requirements
to qualify for continued listing. 

On
February 7, 2023, the Company received confirmation that Nasdaq has determined that the Company is eligible for an additional 180-calendar
day period to regain compliance by meeting the minimum bid price requirement. The minimum bid price requirement would be met if the Company s
common stock has a minimum closing bid price of at least 1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days during the 180-calendar
day period. 

Workforce
Reduction Plan 

In
August 2022, the Company initiated a workforce reduction plan to strategically realign its operations and implement cost reduction programs
to prioritize near term revenue generators and to manage and preserve cash. In connection with the reduction, the Company eliminated
14 positions, implemented tighter expense controls, and ceased non-core activities. 

Further,
on December 16, 2022, Oncocyte initiated an additional reduction in work force involving over 40 of its full-time employees. The transition
began on December 16, 2022 and was completed in February 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the Company incurred an aggregate of 1.9 million
related to employee severance and benefits costs in connection with its reductions in force during fiscal year 2022. 

Razor
Genomics Purchase Agreement 

On
December 15, 2022, Oncocyte Corporation, a California corporation Oncocyte or the Company ), entered into
a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Razor Stock Purchase Agreement with Dragon Scientific, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company Dragon ), and Razor Genomics Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Oncocyte Razor ).
Pursuant to the Razor Stock Purchase Agreement Oncocyte agreed to sell to Dragon, 3,188,181 shares of common stock of Razor, which constitutes
approximately 70 of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Razor on a fully-diluted basis, and transfer to Razor all of the
assets and liabilities related to DetermaRx (the Razor Sale Transaction ). The Razor Stock Purchase Agreement provides that
following the closing of the transaction (the Razor Closing ), Oncocyte will own 1,366,364 shares of common stock of Razor,
which will constitute approximately 30 of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Razor on a fully-diluted basis. On February
16, 2023, Oncocyte completed the Razor Sale Transaction. 

While
no monetary consideration was received for the sale of 70 of the equity interests of Razor, the transaction allows the Company to eliminate
all development and commercialization costs with respect to DetermaRx. Following the Razor Closing, Oncocyte continues to own 1,366,364
shares of common stock of Razor. 

47 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ),
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in our consolidated financial statements and related
notes. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
Report. We have identified below our critical accounting policies and estimates that we believe require the greatest amount of judgment.
On an ongoing basis, we evaluate estimates which are subject to significant judgment, including those related to the going concern assessments
of our consolidated financial statements, revenue recognition, allowance for doubtful accounts, business combination valuation, contingent
consideration valuation, allocation of direct and indirect expenses, useful lives associated with long-lived intangible assets, machinery
and equipment, loss contingencies, valuation allowances related to deferred income taxes, and assumptions used to value stock-based awards,
debt or other equity instruments. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates
compared to historical experience and trends, which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities.
To the extent that there are material differences between our estimates and our actual results, our future financial statement presentation,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected. 

We
believe the assumptions and estimates associated with the following have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial
statements. 

Assets
held for sale and discontinued operations 

Assets
classified as held for sale are reported at the lower of their carrying value or fair value less costs to sell. Depreciation and amortization
of assets ceases upon designation as held for sale. Discontinued operations comprise activities that were disposed of, discontinued or
held for sale at the end of the period, represent a separate major line of business that can be clearly distinguished for operational
and financial reporting purposes and represent a strategic business shift having a major effect on the Company s operations and
financial results according to Accounting Standard Codification ASC Topic 205, Presentation of Financial Statements .
We have included all of our revenues and expenses for Razor Genomics, Inc. as discontinued operations and all assets and liabilities
as held for sale. 

Going
concern assessment 

With
the implementation of FASB s standard on going concern, ASU No. 2014-15, we assess going concern uncertainty in our consolidated
financial statements to determine if we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents on hand and working capital, including available loans
or lines of credit, if any, to operate for a period of at least one year from the date our consolidated financial statements are issued,
which is referred to as the look-forward period as defined by ASU No. 2014-15. As part of this assessment, based on conditions
that are known and reasonably knowable to us, we consider various scenarios, forecasts, projections, and estimates, and we make certain
key assumptions, including the timing and nature of projected cash expenditures or programs, and our ability to delay or curtail those
expenditures or programs, if necessary, among other factors. Based on this assessment, as necessary or applicable, we make certain assumptions
around implementing curtailments or delays in the nature and timing of programs and expenditures to the extent we deem probable those
implementations can be achieved and we have the proper authority to execute them within the look-forward period in accordance with ASU
No. 2014-15. 

Business
combinations 

We
account for business combinations in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations ,
which requires the purchase price to be measured at fair value. When the purchase consideration consists, in part or entirely of our
common shares, we calculate the purchase price by determining the fair value, as of the acquisition date, of shares issued in connection
with the closing of the acquisition. We recognize estimated fair values of the tangible assets and intangible assets acquired, including
in-process research and development IPR D ), and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date, and we record as goodwill
any amount of the fair value of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed in excess of the purchase price. 

Contingent
consideration liabilities 

ASC
805 requires that contingent consideration be estimated and recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date as part of the total consideration
transferred. Contingent consideration is an obligation of the acquirer to transfer additional assets or equity interests to the selling
shareholders in the future if certain future events occur or conditions are met, such as the attainment of product development milestones.
Contingent consideration also includes additional future payments to selling shareholders based on achievement of components of earnings,
such as earn-out provisions or percentage of future revenues, including royalties paid to the selling shareholders based
on a percentage of revenues generated over their respective useful life. 

48 

The
fair value of milestone-based contingent consideration was determined using a scenario analysis valuation method which incorporates our
assumptions with respect to the likelihood of achievement of the milestones, as defined in the merger agreements, credit risk, timing
of the contingent consideration payments and a risk-adjusted discount rate to estimate the present value of the expected payments, all
of which require significant management judgment and assumptions. Since the contingent consideration payments are based on nonfinancial,
binary events, management believes the use of the scenario analysis method is appropriate. 

The
fair value of royalty or revenue share-based contingent consideration was determined using a single scenario analysis method to value
those payments. The single scenario method incorporates our assumptions with respect to specified future revenues generated over their
respective useful lives, credit risk, and a risk-adjusted discount rate to estimate the present value of the expected royalty payments,
all of which require significant management judgment and assumptions. Since the royalty-based contingent consideration payments are based
on future revenues and linear payouts, management believes the use of the single scenario method is appropriate. 

The
fair value of all contingent consideration after the acquisition date is reassessed by us as changes in circumstances and conditions
occur, with the subsequent change in fair value recorded in our consolidated statements of operations. Changes in key assumptions can
materially affect the estimated fair value of contingent consideration liabilities and, accordingly, the resulting gain or loss that
we record in our consolidated financial statements. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. 

Goodwill
and intangible assets 

In
accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other , IPR D projects acquired in a business combination that are
not complete as of the acquisition date are capitalized and accounted for as indefinite-lived intangible assets until completion or abandonment
of the related research and development efforts. Upon successful completion of the project, the capitalized amount is amortized over
its estimated useful life. If a project is abandoned, all remaining capitalized amounts are written off immediately. We consider various
factors and risks for potential impairment of IPR D assets, including the current legal and regulatory environment, uncertainties
posed by the recent COVID-19 pandemic and the competitive landscape. Adverse clinical trial results, significant delays or inability
to obtain local determination coverage LCD from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS for
Medicare reimbursement for a diagnostic test, the inability to bring a diagnostic test to market and the introduction or advancement
of competitors diagnostic tests could result in partial or full impairment of the related intangible assets. Consequently, the
eventual realized value of the IPR D project may vary from its fair value at the date of acquisition, and IPR D impairment charges
may occur in future periods. During the period between completion or abandonment, the IPR D assets will not be amortized but will
be tested for impairment on an annual basis and between annual tests if we become aware of any events occurring or changes in circumstances
that would indicate a reduction in the fair value of the IPR D projects below their respective carrying amounts. 

Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net identifiable assets and liabilities. Goodwill, similar to IPR D,
is not amortized but is tested for impairment at least annually, or if circumstances indicate its value may no longer be recoverable.
Qualitative factors considered in this assessment include industry and market conditions, overall financial performance, and other relevant
events and factors affecting our business. Based on the qualitative assessment, if it is determined that the fair value of goodwill is
more likely than not to be less than its carrying amount, the fair value of a reporting unit will be calculated and compared with its
carrying amount and an impairment charge will be recognized for the amount that the carrying value exceeds the fair value. We continue
to operate in one segment and considered to be the sole reporting unit and, therefore, goodwill is tested for impairment at the enterprise
level. 

Goodwill
is not amortized but instead qualitatively or quantitively tested for impairment at least annually should an event or circumstances indicate
that a reduction in fair value of the reporting unit may have occurred during the year, goodwill would also be tested at such occasion.
We perform the goodwill test at the reporting unit level. If necessary, the goodwill quantitative impairment test is performed on October
1 every year. 

We use a
two-step process to assess the realizability of goodwill. The first step (generally referred to as a step 0 analysis) is a
qualitative assessment that analyzes current economic indicators associated with a particular reporting unit. For example, we analyze
changes in economic, market and industry conditions, business strategy, cost factors, and financial performance, among others, to determine
if there are indicators of a significant decline in the fair value of a particular reporting unit. If the qualitative assessment indicates
a stable or improved fair value, no further testing is required. If a qualitative assessment indicates it is more likely than not that
the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we will proceed to the quantitative second step (generally referred
to as a step 1 analysis) where the fair value of a reporting unit is calculated based on weighted income and market-based
approaches. If the fair value of a reporting unit is lower than its carrying value, an impairment to goodwill is recorded, not to exceed
the carrying amount of goodwill in the reporting unit. 

Step 1 of the quantitative
test requires comparison of the fair value of each of the reporting units to the respective carrying value. If the carrying value of the
reporting unit is less than the fair value, no impairment exists. Otherwise, we would recognize an impairment charge for the amount by
which the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value up to the amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. 

Accounting
for warrants 

We
determine the accounting classification of warrants we issue, as either liability or equity classified, by first assessing whether the
warrants meet liability classification in accordance with ASC 480-10, Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics
of both Liabilities and Equity , then in accordance with ASC 815-40, Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to,
and Potentially Settled in, a Company s Own Stock . Under ASC 480, warrants are considered liability classified if the warrants
are mandatorily redeemable, obligate us to settle the warrants or the underlying shares by paying cash or other assets, and warrants
that must or may require settlement by issuing variable number of shares. If warrants do not meet the liability classification under
ASC 480-10, we assess the requirements under ASC 815-40, which states that contracts that require or may require the issuer to settle
the contract for cash are liabilities recorded at fair value, irrespective of the likelihood of the transaction occurring that triggers
the net cash settlement feature. If the warrants do not require liability classification under ASC 815-40, in order to conclude equity
classification, we also assess whether the warrants are indexed to our common stock and whether the warrants are classified as equity
under ASC 815-40 or other GAAP. After all such assessments, we conclude whether the warrants are classified as liability or equity. Liability
classified warrants require fair value accounting at issuance and subsequent to initial issuance with all changes in fair value after
the issuance date recorded in the statements of operations. Equity classified warrants only require fair value accounting at issuance
with no changes recognized subsequent to the issuance date. We do not have any liability classified warrants as of any period presented.
See Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. 

49 

Stock-based
compensation 

We
recognize compensation expense related to share-based payments in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation ASC
718 ), which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for share-based payment awards made to directors
and employees based on estimated fair values. We estimate the fair value of employee stock-based payment awards on the grant-date and
recognize the resulting fair value over the requisite service period on a straight-line basis. For stock-based awards that vest only
upon the attainment of one or more performance goals, compensation cost is recognized if and when we determine that it is probable that
the performance condition or conditions will be, or have been, achieved. We utilize the Black-Scholes option pricing model for determining
the fair value of stock options. Our determination of fair value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing
model is affected by our stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. These variables include,
but are not limited to, expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards, and actual and projected employee stock option exercise
behaviors. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we estimated the expected volatility using our own stock price volatility
to the extent applicable or a combination of our stock price volatility and the stock price volatility of stock of peer companies, for
a period equal to the expected term of the options. The expected term of options granted is based on our own experience and, in part,
based upon the simplified method provided under Staff Accounting Bulletin, Topic 14 , or SAB Topic 14, as necessary.
The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury rates in effect during the corresponding period of grant. Although the fair value of
employee stock options is determined in accordance with FASB guidance, the key inputs and assumptions may change as we develop our own
company estimates, experience and key inputs including our expected term, and stock price volatility based on the trading history of
our stock in the public market. Changes in these subjective assumptions can materially affect the estimated value of equity grants and
the stock-based compensation that we record in our consolidated financial statements. 

Leases 

We
account for leases in accordance with ASC 842, Leases . We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Leases are classified
as either financing or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the consolidated statements of
operations. Under the available practical expedients for the adoption of ASC 842, we account for the lease and non-lease components as
a single lease component. We recognize right-of-use ROU assets and lease liabilities for leases with terms greater than
twelve months in the consolidated balance sheet. ROU assets represent the right to use an underlying asset during the lease term and
lease liabilities represent the obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities
are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most leases do not provide an
implicit rate, we use an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present
value of lease payments. We use the implicit rate when it is readily determinable. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any lease
payments made and excludes lease incentives. Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain
that we will exercise that option. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Operating
leases are included as right-of-use assets in machinery and equipment, and ROU lease liabilities, current and long-term, in the consolidated
balance sheets. Financing leases are included in machinery and equipment, and in financing lease liabilities, current and long-term,
in the consolidated balance sheets. We disclose the amortization of our ROU assets and operating lease payments as a net amount, Amortization
of right-of-use assets and liabilities , on the consolidated statements of cash flows. 

50 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we entered into various operating leases in accordance with ASC 842 discussed in Notes 9
and 10 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. Our accounting for financing leases (previously referred
to as capital leases remained substantially unchanged. 

Impairment
of long-lived assets 

We
assess the impairment of long-lived assets, which consists primarily of long-lived intangible assets, machinery and equipment, whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that such assets might be impaired and the carrying value may not be recoverable. If events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable and the expected undiscounted future
cash flows attributable to the asset are less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss equal to the excess of the asset s
carrying value over its fair value is recorded. 

Certain events or changes in circumstances
may indicate that the recoverability of the carrying amount of long lived assets should be assessed. When such events or changes in circumstances
are present, we estimate the future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset (or asset group) and its eventual disposition.
If the sum of the expected undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount, we recognize an impairment based on the fair
value of such assets. 

Income
taxes 

We
account for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes , which prescribes the use of the asset and liability method,
whereby deferred tax asset or liability account balances are calculated at the balance sheet date using current tax laws and rates in
effect. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a portion
or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Our judgments regarding future taxable income may change over time due to changes
in market conditions, changes in tax laws, tax planning strategies or other factors. If our assumptions and consequently our estimates
change in the future, the valuation allowance may be increased or decreased, which may have a material impact on our statements of operations. 

The
guidance also prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
sustainable upon examination by taxing authorities. We will recognize accrued interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized
tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties as of the financial statement periods
presented herein. We account for uncertain tax positions by assessing all material positions taken in any assessment or challenge by
relevant taxing authorities. We are currently unaware of any tax issues under review. See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this Report. 

Revenue
recognition 

Effective
on January 1, 2021, we adopted the revenue recognition standard ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASC) 606.
Pursuant to ASC 606, revenues are recognized when control of services performed is transferred to customers, in an amount that reflects
the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those services. ASC 606 provides for a five-step model that includes: 

(i)
identifying the contract with a customer, 

(ii)
identifying the performance obligations in the contract, 

(iii)
determining the transaction price, 

(iv)
allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations, and 

(v)
recognizing revenue when, or as, an entity satisfies a performance obligation. 

51 

DetermaRx
testing revenue 

As
of December 31, 2022, Oncocyte performed tests on clinical samples through orders received from physicians, hospitals, and other healthcare
providers. In determining whether all the revenue recognition criteria (i) through (v) above are met with respect to DetermaRx
tests, each test result is considered a single performance obligation and is generally considered complete when the test result is delivered
or made available to the prescribing physician electronically, and, as such, there are no shipping or handling fees incurred by Oncocyte
or billed to customers. Although Oncocyte bills a list price for all tests ordered and completed for all payer types, Oncocyte considers
constraints on the variable consideration when recognizing revenue for DetermaRx. Because DetermaRx is a novel test and
there are no current reimbursement arrangements with third-party payers other than Medicare, the transaction price represents variable
consideration. Application of the constraint for variable consideration is an area that requires significant judgment. For all payers
other than Medicare and payers subscribed to Medicare Advantage, Oncocyte must consider the novelty of the test, the uncertainty of receiving
payment, or being subject to claims for a refund, from payers with whom it does not have a sufficient payment collection history or contractual
reimbursement agreements. Accordingly, for those payers, Oncocyte expects to continue to recognize revenue upon payment until it has
a sufficient history to reliably estimate payment patterns or has contractual reimbursement arrangements, or both, in place. 

We
maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts at an amount we estimate to be sufficient to provide adequate protection against losses resulting
from extending credit to our customers. We base this allowance, in the aggregate, on historical collection experience, age of receivables
and general economic conditions. Our bad debts have not been material and have been within management expectations. 

Pharma
Services revenue 

Through
our Insight subsidiary we provide a range of molecular diagnostic services to pharmaceutical customers referred to as Pharma Services 
including testing for biomarker discovery, assay design and development, clinical trial support, and a broad spectrum of biomarker tests
in Insight s CLIA-certified laboratory. These Pharma Services are generally performed under individual scope of work SOW arrangements with specific deliverables defined by the customer. Pharma Services are generally performed on a time and materials basis.
Upon completion of the service to the customer in accordance with the SOW, we have the right to bill the customer for the agreed upon
price (either on a per test or per deliverable basis) and we recognize the pharma service revenue at that time. We generally identify
each sale of its pharma service offering as a single performance obligation. 

Completion
of the service and satisfaction of the performance obligation under a SOW is typically evidenced by access to the report or test made
available to the customer or any other form or applicable manner of delivery defined in the SOW. However, for certain SOWs under which
work is performed pursuant to the customer s highly customized specifications, we have the enforceable right to bill the customer
for work completed, rather than upon completion of the SOW. For those SOWs, we recognize revenue over a period of time during which the
work is performed using a formula that accounts for expended efforts, generally measured in labor hours, as a percentage of total estimated
efforts for the completion of the SOW. As the performance obligation under the SOW is satisfied, any amounts earned as revenue and billed
to the customer are included in accounts receivable. Any revenues earned but not yet billed to the customer as of the date of our consolidated
financial statements are issued are recorded as contract assets and are included in prepaids and other current assets as of the financial
statement date. Amounts recorded in contract assets are reclassified to accounts receivable in our consolidated financial statements
when the customer is invoiced according to the billing schedule in the contract. 

We
establish an allowance for doubtful accounts based on the evaluation of the collectability of Pharma Services accounts receivables after
considering a variety of factors, including the length of time receivables are past due, significant events that may impair the customer s
ability to pay, such as a bankruptcy filing or deterioration in the customer s operating results or financial position, and historical
experience. If circumstances related to customers change, estimates of the recoverability of receivables would be further adjusted. The Company has significant cash balances at financial institutions which throughout the year regularly exceed the
federally insured limit of 250,000. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the
Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Amounts determined to
be uncollectible are written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts. As of December 31, 2022, we have not recorded any losses
or allowance for doubtful accounts on accounts receivables from Pharma Services. 

52 

Licensing
revenue 

Revenues
recognized includes licensing revenue derived from agreements with customers for exclusive rights to market Oncocyte s proprietary
testing technology. Under the agreements, Oncocyte grants exclusive rights to certain trademarks and technology of Oncocyte for the purpose
of marketing Oncocyte s tests within a defined geographic territory. A license agreement may specify milestone deliverables or
performance obligations, for which Oncocyte recognizes revenue when its licensee confirms the completion of Oncocyte s performance
obligation. A licensing agreement may also include ongoing sales support from Oncocyte and typically includes non-refundable licensing
fees and per-test Pharma Services revenues discussed above, for which Oncocyte treats the licensing of the technology, trademarks, and
ongoing support as a single performance obligation satisfied by the passage of time over the term of the agreement. 

Cost
of revenues 

Cost
of revenues generally consists of cost of materials, direct labor including benefits, bonus and stock-based compensation, equipment and
infrastructure expenses, clinical sample related costs associated with performing Pharma Services and DetermaRx tests, and license
fees due to third parties, and also includes amortization of acquired customer relationship intangible assets. Infrastructure expenses
include depreciation of laboratory equipment, allocated rent costs, leasehold improvements and allocated information technology costs
for operations at our CLIA laboratories. Costs associated with performing diagnostic tests and Pharma Services are recorded as the tests
or services are performed regardless of whether revenue was recognized with respect to that test or pharma service. Royalties or revenue
share payments for licensed technology calculated as a percentage of revenues or determined based on achieving certain aggregated amounts
of revenues generated using the associated technology are recorded as expenses at the time the related revenues are recognized. 

Research
and development expenses 

Research
and development expenses are comprised of costs incurred to develop technology and include salaries and benefits (including stock-based
compensation), laboratory expenses (including reagents and supplies used in research and development laboratory work), infrastructure
expenses (including allocated facility occupancy costs), and contract services and other outside costs. Indirect research and development
expenses are allocated primarily based on headcount, as applicable, and include rent and utilities, common area maintenance, telecommunications,
property taxes, and insurance. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. 

Sales
and marketing expenses 

Sales
and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel costs and related benefits, including stock-based compensation, trade show expenses,
branding and positioning expenses, and consulting fees. Sales and marketing expenses also include indirect expenses for applicable overhead
allocated based on headcount, and include allocated costs for rent and utilities, common area maintenance, telecommunications, property
taxes, and insurance. 

General
and administrative expenses 

General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation and related benefits (including stock-based compensation) for executive
and corporate personnel, professional and consulting fees, rent and utilities, common area maintenance, telecommunications, property
taxes, and insurance. 

53 

Results
of Operations 

The
recent global outbreak of COVID-19, and the various attempts throughout the world to contain it, have created significant financial
volatility, economic uncertainty, and changes to the way Oncocyte conducts certain aspects of its operations. The COVID-19 pandemic has
had, and may continue to have, significant effects on our operations, ability to generate revenues, and financing activities. In response
to government directives and guidelines, health care advisories and employee and other concerns, a number of our employees have had to
work remotely from home and those on site have had to follow our social distance guidelines, which could impact their productivity. Although
employee absenteeism due to COVID-19 illness has not had an adverse impact on our operations as of the date of this Report, we face the
risk of losing, at least temporarily, the services of employees if they become ill. 

The
consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic have led to uncertainties related to our growth and our ability to forecast the demand for our
diagnostic testing and Pharma Services and resulting revenues, as we have not had time to establish a base of customers, revenues or
other relevant trends prior to the outbreak of COVID-19. We had no commercial revenues until the first quarter of 2020 when we launched
our first commercial diagnostic test, DetermaRx, and acquired the Pharma Services business of Insight. We had expected that initial
DetermaRx revenues would be constrained by the lack of Medicare coverage. CMS Medicare reimbursement pricing approval for DetermaRx
did not become effective until September 2020. Deferrals in lung cancer surgeries due to COVID-19 may have reduced demand for DetermaRx,
but because of the lack of historical DetermaRx revenues, with and without Medicare reimbursement, we are unable to determine
the extent to which the deferral of those surgeries impacted our DetermaRx revenues. Resurgences in COVID-19 cases could cause
additional deferrals of lung cancer surgeries during the course of the pandemic. The lack of in-person interaction with healthcare providers
for our promotion of the use of DetermaRx has also placed a constraint on our ability to market that test, but we cannot determine
the extent to which that has impacted our revenues due to the absence of historical revenues. Similarly, our Pharma Services revenues
commenced with our acquisition of Insight during the first quarter of 2020, and because we do not have a prior history of Pharma Services
revenues we cannot assess how COVID-19 may have impacted those revenues, although we are aware that certain planned clinical trials of
new pharmaceuticals for which we had expected to provide Pharma Services were delayed due to the pandemic. 

During
the COVID-19 pandemic, we have not been, and may not be, able to maintain our preferred level of physician or customer outreach and marketing
of our diagnostic testing and Pharma Services, which could negatively impact our potential new customers interest in our tests
and services. Even if government and other COVID-19 related restrictions are relaxed and lung cancer surgeries are performed at or close
to pre-pandemic levels, any growth and anticipated adoption of our diagnostic tests may not occur. Although we have not yet experienced
COVID-19 related supply chain disruptions impacting our testing capacity, if the vendors of equipment and reagents used in our diagnostic
laboratories experience supply, operational, or financial disruptions due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we could experience supply constraints
in the future that could cause increased costs or delays in performing DetermaRx tests and Pharma Services and in continuing the
development of new diagnostic tests. 

The
full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and the various responses might impact our business, operations and financial results will
depend on numerous evolving factors that we will not be able to accurately predict, including: the duration and scope of the pandemic;
governmental, business and individuals actions that have been and continue to be taken in response to the pandemic; the availability
and cost to access COVID-19 tests, vaccines and therapies; the effect on our potential customers and their demand for our diagnostic
testing and Pharma Services; the effect on our suppliers and their ability to provide the necessary equipment and materials to support
our tests and services; disruptions or restrictions on our employees ability to work and travel; interruptions or restrictions
related to the distribution of our tests in foreign markets, including impacts on logistics of shipping and receiving patient samples;
and any stoppages, disruptions or increased costs associated with development, production and marketing of our diagnostic tests. In addition
to the direct impacts to our business operations, the global economy is likely to continue to be significantly weakened as a result of
actions taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and to the extent that such a weakened global economy impacts customers ability
or willingness to purchase and pay for our tests, our business and results of operation could be negatively impacted. Due to the uncertain
scope and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and uncertain timing of any recovery or normalization, we are currently unable to estimate
the resulting impacts on our operations and financial results. We will continue to actively monitor the issues raised by the COVID-19
pandemic and may take further actions that alter our operations, as may be required by federal, state, local or foreign authorities,
or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, our customers, and our shareholders. 

54 

Revenues
for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

As
a result of the classification of the Company s Razor s operations to discontinued operations, all revenue derived from DetermaRx
has been classified as discontinued operations. The remaining revenue is derived from VitaGraft technology, and from Pharma Services
generated by our wholly owned subsidiary, Insight. 

The
following table shows our revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands, except percentage change values). 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 

Revenues from continuing operations 
 958 
 2,198 
 (1,240 
 -56 
 
 Revenues from discontinued operations 
 4,673 
 5,529 
 (856 
 -15 
 
 Total 
 5,631 
 7,727 
 (2,096 
 -27 

Pharma
Services are generally performed on a time and materials basis. Upon our completion of the service to the customer in accordance with
the contract, we have the right to bill the customer for the agreed upon price (either on a per test or per deliverable basis) and recognize
the Pharma Services revenue at that time, on an accrual basis. 

Licensing
revenues are generally recognized upon transfer of promised technology information and other contractual performance obligations to licensees
in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange. Licensing revenue is recognized at the point in time when
the applicable performance obligations are satisfied, and all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. 

Pharma
Services revenues are generated under discrete agreements for particular customer projects that generally expire with the completion
or termination of the customer s project. Accordingly, different customers may account for greater or lesser portions of Pharma
Services during different accounting periods, and Pharma Services revenues may exhibit a larger variance from accounting period to accounting
period than other revenues such as DetermaRx testing revenues. 

Licensing
revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 included in discontinued operations primarily reflect the revenue recognition
of 1.0 million in relation to the Initial Milestone Payments related to the Exclusive Sublicense Agreement in the PRC Territory
(the Sublicense Agreement with Burning Rock Biotech Limited Burning Rock ). Like Pharma Services
revenues, licensing revenues may vary significantly between accounting periods reflecting the attainment of additional licensing
agreement milestones that trigger license fees payable to Oncocyte or reflecting the beginning or end of a revenue stream upon the
commencement or termination of a license agreement related to a particular customer project. 

The
following table presents the percentage of consolidated revenues by products or services classes: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Pharma Services 
 958 
 1,460 
 100 
 66 
 
 Licensing 
 - 
 738 
 - 
 34 
 
 Total 
 958 
 2,198 
 100 
 100 

55 

The
following table presents the percentage of consolidated revenues received from unaffiliated customers that individually represent greater
than ten percent of consolidated revenues: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Pharma services - Company A 
 43 

Pharma services - Company B 
 14 

Pharma services - Company C 
 11 

Pharma services Other 
 31 
 66 
 
 Licensing - Company A 
 
 34 
 
 Total 
 100 
 100 

Less
than 10 

Operating
Summary 

The
following table shows our operating net loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands). 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 
 958 
 2,198 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 976 
 778 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 7,301 
 5,035 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses 
 1,132 
 552 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 21,881 
 22,292 
 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 (31,019 
 27,266 
 
 Loss from goodwill impairment 
 18,684 
 - 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (17,997 
 (53,725 
 
 Other income (expense) 
 (615 
 854 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (18,612 
 (52,871 
 
 Income tax benefit 
 - 
 9,261 
 
 Loss from continuing operations 
 (18,612 
 
 (43,610 
 
 Loss from discontinued operations 
 (54,290 
 (20,487 
 
 Net loss 
 (72,902 
 (64,097 

Cost
of revenues 

Cost
of revenues generally consists of cost of materials; direct labor including payroll, payroll taxes, bonus, benefit and stock-based compensation;
equipment and infrastructure expenses; clinical sample costs associated with performing Pharma Services; license fees due to third parties,
and amortization of acquired intangible assets. Infrastructure expenses include depreciation of laboratory equipment; allocated rent
costs; and leasehold improvements. 

56 

Cost
of revenues for Pharma Services and licensing revenue varies depending on the nature, timing, and scope of customer projects. 

Research
and development expenses 

A
summary of the main drivers of the change in research and development expenses for the periods presented, is as follows: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 

Personnel-related expenses 
 2,931 
 1,918 
 1,013 
 53 
 
 Professional fees, legal, and outside services 
 1,334 
 1,129 
 205 
 18 
 
 Laboratory supplies and expenses 
 1,369 
 746 
 623 
 84 
 
 Clinical trials 
 9 
 96 
 (87 
 -91 
 
 Share-based compensation 
 773 
 473 
 300 
 63 
 
 Severance 
 21 
 233 
 (212 
 -91 
 
 Depreciation 
 315 
 228 
 87 
 38 
 
 Facilities and insurance 
 334 
 12 
 322 
 2683 
 
 Other 
 215 
 200 
 15 
 8 
 
 Total 
 7,301 
 5,035 
 2,266 
 45 
 
 of Net Revenue 
 762 
 229 
 
 533 

We
expect to continue to incur a significant amount of research and development expenses during the foreseeable future. As of December 31,
2022, we will continue development of DetermaIO and VitaGraft . Our future research and development efforts and expenses
will also depend on the amount of capital that we are able to raise to finance those activities and whether we acquire rights to any
new diagnostic tests. A portion of our costs for leasing and operating our CLIA laboratories in California and Tennessee, and in Germany
with Chronix, will also be included in research and development expenses to the extent allocated to the development of our diagnostic
tests. 

The
COVID-19 global pandemic has negatively impacted, and is expected to continue to negatively impact, clinical trials of immunotherapies
by pharma companies that may use DetermaIO in selecting patients for their trials. We may also commence our own clinical trials
of DetermaIO if we develop that diagnostic test to the point where we determine that its use as a clinical diagnostic appears
to be feasible. 

57 

Sales
and marketing expenses 

A
summary of the main drivers of the change in sales and marketing expenses for the periods presented, is as follows: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 

Personnel-related expenses 
 592 
 147 
 445 
 303 
 
 Share-based compensation 
 261 
 114 
 147 
 129 
 
 Professional fees, legal, and outside services 
 219 
 286 
 (67 
 -23 
 
 Facilities and insurance 
 43 
 - 
 43 
 100 
 
 Other 
 17 
 5 
 12 
 240 
 
 Total 
 1,132 
 552 
 580 
 105 
 
 of Net Revenue 
 118 
 25 
 
 93 

We
expect to continue to incur sales and marketing expenses during the foreseeable future as we complete product development and begin commercialization
efforts for DetermaIO as a clinical test. Sales and marketing expenses will also increase if we successfully develop and begin
commercializing DetermaCNI, and VitaGraft , or if we acquire and commercialize other diagnostic tests. Our commercialization
efforts and expenses will also depend on the amount of capital that we are able to raise to finance commercialization of our tests. Our
future expenditures on sales and marketing will also depend on the amount of revenue that those efforts are likely to generate. Because
physicians are more likely to prescribe a test for their patients if the cost is covered by Medicare or health insurance, demand for
our diagnostic and other tests and our expenditures on sales and marketing are likely to increase if our diagnostic or other tests qualify
for reimbursement by Medicare or private health insurance companies. 

General
and administrative expenses 

A
summary of the main drivers of the change in general and administrative expenses for the periods presented, is as follows: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 

Personnel-related expenses and board fees 
 7,155 
 6,137 
 1,018 
 17 
 
 Share-based compensation 
 5,435 
 3,657 
 1,778 
 49 
 
 Professional fees, legal, and outside services 
 4,299 
 6,214 
 (1,915 
 -31 
 
 Facilities and insurance 
 2,696 
 3,197 
 (501 
 -16 
 
 Severance Chronix acquisition 
 - 
 2,452 
 (2,452 
 -100 
 
 Severance 
 1,480 
 - 
 (1,480 
 - 
 
 Other 
 816 
 635 
 181 
 29 
 
 Total 
 21,881 
 22,292 
 (411 
 -2 
 
 of Net Revenue 
 2,284 
 1,014 
 
 1,270 

Change
in fair value of contingent consideration 

We
will pay contingent consideration if various payment milestones are triggered under the merger agreements through which we acquired Insight
and Chronix. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Report. Changes in the fair value of the contingent
consideration will be based on our reassessment of the key assumptions underlying the determination of this liability as changes in circumstances
and conditions occur from the Insight acquisition date to the reporting period being presented, with the subsequent change in fair value
recorded as part of our consolidated loss from operations for that period. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
we recorded an unrealized gain of approximately 31.0 million and an unrealized loss of approximately 27.3 million, respectively, related
to the change in the fair value of contingent consideration primarily attributable to a revised estimate on the timing of the possible
future payouts, respectively. 

58 

Loss from goodwill impairment 

Goodwill represents the excess
of the purchase price over the fair value of net identifiable assets and liabilities. Goodwill, similar to IPR D, is not amortized
but is tested for impairment at least annually, or if circumstances indicate its value may no longer be recoverable. Qualitative factors
considered in this assessment include industry and market conditions, overall financial performance, and other relevant events and factors
affecting Oncocyte s business. Based on the qualitative assessment, if it is determined that the fair value of goodwill is more
likely than not to be less than its carrying amount, the fair value of a reporting unit will be calculated and compared with its carrying
amount and an impairment charge will be recognized for the amount that the carrying value exceeds the fair value. Oncocyte continues to
operate in one segment and considered to be the sole reporting unit and, therefore, goodwill is tested for impairment at the enterprise
level. 

Oncocyte does not have
intangible assets with indefinite useful lives other than goodwill and the acquired IPR D discussed in Notes 3 and 4. During
December 2022, the Company assessed its current environment and after taking into consideration the Stock Purchase Agreement to Sale
Razor Genomics, management concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the goodwill was less than the carrying
value. As such, the Company performed a quantitative test to estimate the fair value of the enterprise. Using the discounted cash
flow method and taking into consideration the loss of Razor s future cash flows, the calculated enterprise fair value was
lower than carrying value. As a result, the Company recorded a goodwill impairment of 18.7 million as part of its operating
expenses; as of December 31, 2022. No impairment was noted for IPR D assets. 

Other
income and expenses, net 

Other
income and expenses, net, is primarily comprised of interest income and interest expenses, net, unrealized gains and losses on
Lineage and AgeX marketable equity securities we hold, and change in fair value of Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock
second closing tranche obligation. Interest income is earned from money market funds we hold for
capital preservation. Interest expense was incurred under our loan payable to the Silicon Valley Bank, and under financing lease
obligations. Interest expense, net, reflects the interest expense incurred on our loans and financing obligations in excess of
interest income earned from money market accounts. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we recorded interest expense, net, of 77,000 and 0.2 million, respectively,
from our loans and financing leases. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded 0.5 million of unrealized loss from the fair
market value decrease of the marketable equity securities we hold in shares of Lineage and AgeX common stock. We did not sell any marketable
securities during any of the periods presented. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we held marketable equity securities with a total fair
market value of 0.4 million and 0.9 million, respectively. 

Income
taxes 

A
summary of the income taxes and tax rates for the periods presented, is as follows: 

2022 
 2021 

Income taxes (in thousands) 
 - 
 9,261 
 
 Effective tax rate 
 
 -13 

In
connection with the Chronix and Razor acquisitions discussed in Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements included else
wherein this Report, a change in the acquirer s valuation allowance that stems from the purchase of assets should be
recognized as an element of the acquirer s income tax benefit in the period of the acquisition. Accordingly, for the year
ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a 9.3 million partial release of our valuation allowance and a corresponding income tax
benefit stemming from the deferred tax liability generated by the Chronix and Razor intangible assets we acquired no similar amount was recorded during 2022. 

A
valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Other
than the partial release discussed above for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we established a full valuation allowance for
all periods presented due to the uncertainty of realizing future tax benefits from our net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred
tax assets. Accordingly, due to losses incurred for all periods presented, we did not record any provision or benefit for income taxes
except for the tax benefit recorded in connection with the acquisitions discussed above. 

59 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Since
formation, we have financed our operations primarily through the sale of our common stock, preferred stock and warrants. We have incurred
operating losses and negative cash flows since inception and had an accumulated deficit of 260.7 million at December 31, 2022. We expect
to continue to incur operating losses and negative cash flows for the near future. 

At
December 31, 2022, we had 20.0 million of cash and cash equivalents, and held shares of Lineage and AgeX common stock as marketable
equity securities valued at 0.4 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we raised approximately 30,000 in net cash proceeds
through sales of shares of our common stock through the ATM Offering. On June 1, 2022, Oncocyte received net proceeds of approximately
 4.8 million from the Series A Preferred Stock issued from the first tranche of the Series A Preferred Stock Offering. On April 19, 2022,
Oncocyte received net proceeds of approximately 32.4 million from the Underwritten Offering of 26,266,417 shares of common stock and
26,266,417 shares of April 2022 Warrants to purchase up to 13,133,208.5 shares of common stock. See Notes 1 and 15 for additional information
about the April 2022 Offerings. 

As
reflected in the consolidated financial statements, the Company had an accumulated deficit at December 31, 2022, a net loss and net
cash used in operating activities for the reporting period then ended. 

On April 3, 2023 the Company
entered into an agreement with certain members of the Company s board of directors, and several institutional and accredited investors,
including Broadwood Capital, L.P., the Company s largest shareholder, relating to their purchase of an aggregate of up to 45,562,425
shares of its common stock at an offering price of 0.3544 per share to board members and 0.30168 per share to the other investors participating
in the offering. The offering is intended to be priced at-the market for purposes of complying with applicable NASDAQ Listing
Rules. The aggregate gross proceeds from the offering were approximately 13.9 million before deducting offering expenses payable
by the Company. 

Although
it is difficult to predict the Company s liquidity requirements, based upon the Company s
current operating plan, management believe that it will have sufficient cash to meet its projected operating requirements
for at least the next 12 months following the issuance of the consolidated financial statements. The Company anticipates that it will continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future as it continues the development its
various programs and incurs additional costs associated with being a public company. 

We
expect that our operating expenses will remain flat as we continue to manage our available cash. Although we intend to market our
diagnostic tests in the United States through our own sales force, we are also beginning to make marketing arrangements with
distributors in other countries. We may also explore a range of other commercialization options in order to enter overseas markets
and to reduce our capital needs and expenditures, and the risks associated the timelines and uncertainty for attaining the Medicare
reimbursement approvals that will be essential for the successful commercialization of additional cancer diagnostic tests. Those
alternative arrangements could include marketing arrangements with other diagnostic companies through which we might receive a
licensing fee and royalty on sales, or through which we might form a joint venture to market one or more tests and share in net
revenues, in the United States or abroad. 

In
addition to sales and marketing expenses, we will incur expenses from leasing and improving our new office and laboratory facilities
in Nashville, Tennessee. 

We
may need to meet significant cash payment or stock obligations to former Insight and Chronix shareholders in connection with our acquisition
of those companies, as disclosed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. To meet the future
cash payment obligations, we may have to utilize cash on hand that would otherwise be available to us for other business and operational
purposes, which could cause us to delay or reduce activities in the development and commercialization of our cancer tests. 

60 

We
will need to continue to raise additional capital to finance our operations, including the development and commercialization of our diagnostic
tests, and making payments that may become due under our obligations to former Chronix shareholders and former Insight shareholders,
until such time as we are able to generate sufficient revenues to cover our operating expenses. Delays in the development of DetermaIO,
or obtaining reimbursement coverage from Medicare for that diagnostic test and for the other diagnostic tests that we may develop or
acquire, could prevent us from raising sufficient additional capital to finance the completion of development and commercial launch of
those tests. Investors may be reluctant to provide us with capital until our tests are approved for reimbursement by Medicare or reimbursement
by private healthcare insurers or healthcare providers, or until we begin generating significant amounts of revenue from performing those
tests. The unavailability or inadequacy of financing or revenues to meet future capital needs could force us to modify, curtail, delay,
or suspend some or all aspects of our planned operations. Sales of additional equity securities could result in the dilution of the interests
of our shareholders. We cannot assure that adequate financing will be available on favorable terms, if at all. 

Cash
used in operating activities 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our total research and development expenses were 7.3 million and 5.0 million,
respectively, our general and administrative expenses were 21.9 million and 22.2 million, respectively, and our sales and
marketing expenses were 1.1 million and 0.6 million, respectively. We also incurred 1.0 million in cost of revenues, including
 96,000 amortization of intangible expenses, in the year ended 2022. Net loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
amounted to 72.9 million and 64.1 million, respectively. Net cash used in operating activities for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 amounted to 45.6 million and 35.9 million, respectively, of which 18.6 million and 43.6 million represent loss
from continuing operations respectively and 54.3 million and 20.5 million from discontinued operations respectively. Our cash used
in operating activities during 2022 does not include the following noncash items: 10.0 million in stock-based compensation; 31.0
million in gain from change in fair value of contingent consideration; 5.2 million in depreciation and amortization expenses; 18.7
million loss from goodwill impairment, 25.9 million loss from held for sale asset impairment, and 0.5 million in unrealized loss on marketable equity securities. Changes in operating
assets and liabilities were approximately 2.0 million as an additional use of cash. 

Cash
used in investing activities 

During
the 2022, net cash used in investing activities from operations was 4.3 million, due to cash paid for construction in progress and purchase
of furniture and equipment. 

Cash
provided by financing activities 

During
2022, net cash provided in financing activities was 35.8 million, primarily attributable to 32.4 million of net cash proceeds from
the sale of shares of common stock, including 30,000 of net cash proceeds from at-the-market transactions, and 4.8 million of net cash
proceeds from the sale of redeemable convertible Series A preferred shares, offset by repayments of principal on loans payable and financing
lease obligations of 1.3 million. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of SEC Regulation S-K. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Under
SEC rules and regulations, as a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

61 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 63 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 65 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 66 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 67 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 68 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 69 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 70 

62 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors 

 Oncocyte
Corporation 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Oncocyte Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, shareholders equity, and cash flows for the
years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the Audit Committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements; and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

63 

Valuation
of Contingent Consideration Liabilities - Refer to Notes 3 to the consolidated financial statements 

Description
of the Matter 

The
Company recognized contingent consideration liabilities at the estimated fair value on the acquisition date in connection with applying
the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations. Subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration
liabilities were recorded within the consolidated statement of operations in the period of change. At December 31, 2022, the Company
had 5.4 million and 40.3 million in contingent consideration liabilities, for the Company s DetermaIO and TheraSure 
tests, respectively, which were associated with business combinations. These amounts represented a Level 3 fair value measurement
in the fair value hierarchy due to the significant unobservable inputs used in determining the fair value and the use of management judgment
about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the liabilities. 

Auditing
the valuation of contingent consideration liabilities, consisting of milestone and royalty consideration, was complex and required significant
auditor judgment due to the use of a scenario analysis valuation method and the high degree of subjectivity in evaluating certain assumptions
required to estimate the fair value of the milestone contingent consideration and royalty contingent consideration. In particular, the
royalty contingent consideration fair value measurement is based on future revenues, revenues for current services, and discount rates.
The milestone contingent consideration fair value measurement is based on nonfinancial, binary events, therefore is reassessed as changes
in circumstances and conditions occur. Management utilized its expertise within the industry, including commercial dynamics, trends and
utilization, as well as knowledge of clinical development and regulatory approval processes to determine certain of these assumptions. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

To
test the estimated fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, our audit procedures included, among others, inspecting the terms
of the executed agreement, assessing the scenario analysis valuation method used and testing the key contractual inputs and significant
assumptions discussed above. We evaluated the assumptions and judgments considering observable industry and economic trends and standards,
external data sources and regulatory factors. Estimated amounts of future sales were evaluated for reasonableness in relation to internal
and external analyses, clinical development progress and timelines, probability of success benchmarks, and regulatory notices. Our procedures
included evaluating the data sources used by management in determining its assumptions and, where necessary, included an evaluation of
available information that either corroborated or contradicted management s conclusions. We involved our valuation specialists
to assess the Company s scenario analysis valuation and to perform corroborative fair value calculations. 

Assessment
of Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations Classification and Impairment Charge - Refer to Notes 16 to the consolidated financial statements 

Description
of the Matter 

On
December 15, 2022, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement to sell 3,188,181 shares of common stock of Razor Genomics Inc.,
a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Razor ), which constitutes approximately 70 of the issued and outstanding equity
interests of Razor on a fully-diluted basis. As a result, Razor was classified as held for sale and reported as discontinued operations
and impairment charges of 25.9 million were recorded to reduce the carrying amount of the assets to zero as there were minimal considerations
received. 

We
identified the assessment of held for sale and discontinued operations classification and associated impairment charges as a critical
audit matter because of the extensive effort required to audit the subjective and complex judgments associated with those matters, including: 

The
 assessment of whether the sale meets the criteria for held for sale; 
 
 The
 assessment of whether the sale of Razor represents a discontinued operation; and 
 
 The
 determination of the impairment charges. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included the following. We obtained an understanding and evaluated
the design of the Company s internal control over accounting for significant unusual transactions. We assessed management s
judgments in determining whether the sale of Razor meets the held for sale and discontinued operations classification criteria through
procedures performed, including, but not limited to, reviewing relevant supporting documentation, and inquiring of management regarding
specific assumptions made. We tested the recognition and classifications of the Company s segregation of assets, liabilities and
the results of operations that are classified as discontinued operations by inspecting the Company s accounting data and related
adjustments. We also reviewed the accuracy and completeness of the Company s disclosures as they relate to discontinued operations. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 

April 12, 2023 

PCAOB
ID Number 

64 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 In
thousands 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and -, respectively 

Marketable equity securities 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Current assets of discontinuing operations 

Total current assets 

NONCURRENT ASSETS 

Right-of-use and financing lease assets, net 

Machinery and equipment, net, and construction in progress 

Goodwill 
 - 

Intangible assets, net 

Restricted cash 

Other noncurrent assets 

Other noncurrent assets of discontinuing operations 
 - 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Accrued severance from acquisition 

Accrued liabilities from acquisition 

Loans payable, net of deferred financing costs 
 - 

Right-of-use and financing lease liabilities, current 

Current liabilities of discontinuing operations 

Total current liabilities 

NONCURRENT LIABILITIES 

Right-of-use and financing lease liabilities, noncurrent 

Contingent consideration liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 - 
 - 

Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, 
 par value; stated value 
 per share; 
 shares and - shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; aggregate liquidation preference of 
 and - as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 
 - 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

65 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (In
thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net revenue 

Cost of revenues 

Cost of revenues amortization of acquired intangibles 

Gross margin 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Loss from goodwill impairment 
 
 - 
 
 Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES), NET 

Interest expense, net 

Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable equity securities 

Pro rata loss from equity method investment in Razor 
 - 

Gain on extinguishment of debt (PPP loan) 
 - 

Other expenses, net 

Total other income (expenses), net 

LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

Income tax benefit 
 - 

Loss from continuing operations 

Loss from discontinuing operations 

NET LOSS 

Accretion of Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock 
 
 - 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS: BASIC AND DILUTED 

Net loss per share from continuing operations, basic and diluted 

Net loss per share from discontinuing operations, basic and diluted 

Net loss per share: basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding: basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

66 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 (In
thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

NET LOSS 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

67 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (In
thousands) 

Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Sale of common shares, including at-the-market transactions 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Financing costs paid to issue common shares, including at-the-market transactions 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock options exercised 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Warrants exercised 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Shares issued upon vesting of RSU, net of shares retired to pay employees taxes 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance of common stock to Razor Genomics 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance of common stock to Chronix Biomedical 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

Net Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common shares, including at-the-market transactions, net of financing costs and underwriting discounts 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Shares issued upon vesting of RSU, net of shares retired to pay employees taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock, net of financing costs 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Accretion of Series A convertible preferred stock to redemption value 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

68 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (In
thousands) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Pro rata loss from equity method investment in Razor 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 

Unrealized (gain) loss on marketable equity securities 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Deferred income tax benefit 
 - 

Gain on extinguishment of debt (PPP loan) 
 - 

Loss from goodwill impairment 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment loss from held for sale assets 
 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Lease liabilities 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accrued severance and liabilities from Chronix Biomedical acquisition 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Acquisition of Insight Genetics, net of cash acquired 
 - 

Acquisition of Razor Genomics asset, net of cash acquired 
 - 

Acquisition of Chronix Biomedical, net of cash acquired 
 - 

Construction in progress and purchases of equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of common shares 

Financing costs to issue common shares 

Proceeds from sale of redeemable convertible Series A preferred shares 
 
 - 
 
 Financing costs to issue redeemable convertible Series A preferred shares 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from sale of common shares under at-the-market transactions 

Financing costs for at-the-market sales 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 
 - 

Common shares received and retired for employee taxes paid 
 - 

Repayment of loan payable 

Repayment of financing lease obligations 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, BEGINNING 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, ENDING 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid for interest 

SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF NONCASH FINANCING AND INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Common stock issued for acquisition of Razor Genomics asset 
 - 

Deferred tax liability generated from the acquisition of Razor Genomics asset 
 - 

Common stock issued for acquisition of Chronix Biomedical 
 - 

Deferred tax liability generated from the acquisition of Chronix 
 - 

Initial fair value of contingent consideration at acquisition date 
 - 

Assumed liability from Chronix Acquisition 
 - 

Construction in progress, machinery and equipment purchases included in accounts payable, accrued liabilities and landlord liability 

See Note 10 for additional disclosures around leases 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

69 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

equity interest in Razor Genomics, Inc. Razor ),
a privately held company, that has developed and licensed to Oncocyte the lung cancer treatment stratification laboratory test that Oncocyte
is commercializing as DetermaRx. On February 24, 2021, Oncocyte completed the purchase of all the remaining issued and outstanding
shares of common stock of Razor and paid the selling shareholders in total million in cash and issued them Oncocyte common stock
having a market value of million on that date. As a result of the purchase of the Razor common stock, Oncocyte is now the sole shareholder
of Razor. The acquisition of the remaining equity interests has been accounted for as an asset acquisition in accordance with Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 805-50, Business Combinations . See Note 3 for a full discussion of the Razor
asset acquisition. 

On
December 15, 2022, the Company, entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Razor Stock Purchase Agreement with
Dragon Scientific, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Dragon and Razor. Pursuant to the Razor Stock Purchase
Agreement, Oncocyte agreed to sell to Dragon, shares of common stock of Razor, which constitutes approximately of the
issued and outstanding equity interests of Razor on a fully-diluted basis, and transfer to Razor all of the assets and liabilities
related to DetermaRx (the Razor Sale Transaction ). Following the closing of the Razor Sale Transaction (the
 Razor Closing ), Oncocyte will own approximately of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Razor on a
fully-diluted basis. See Notes 16 and 17 for a full discussion of the Razor Sale Transaction. 

Oncocyte
completed its acquisition of Insight Genetics, Inc. Insight on January 31, 2020 (the Insight Merger Date through a merger with a newly incorporated wholly owned subsidiary of Oncocyte (the Insight Merger under the terms of
an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Insight Merger Agreement ). Prior to the Insight Merger, Insight was a privately held
company specializing in the discovery and development of the multi-gene molecular, laboratory-developed diagnostic tests that Oncocyte
has branded as DetermaIO. DetermaIO is a proprietary gene expression assay with promising data supporting its potential
to help identify patients likely to respond to checkpoint inhibitor drugs. Insight has a CLIA-certified diagnostic laboratory with the
capacity to support clinical trials or assay design on certain commercially available analytic platforms that may be used to develop
additional diagnostic tests. Insight also performs Pharma Services in its CLIA-certified laboratory for pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies, including testing for biomarker discovery, assay design and development, clinical trial support, and a broad spectrum of biomarker
tests Pharma Services ). The Insight Merger has been accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance
with ASC 805, which requires, among other things, that the assets and liabilities assumed be recognized at their fair values as of the
acquisition date. See Note 3 for a full discussion of the Insight Merger. 

On
April 15, 2021 (the Chronix Merger Date ), Oncocyte completed its acquisition of Chronix Biomedical, Inc. Chronix pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated February 2, 2021, amended February 23, 2021, and amended and restated as of April 15,
2021 (as amended and restated, the Chronix Merger Agreement ), by and among Oncocyte, CNI Monitor Sub, Inc., a Delaware
corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Oncocyte Merger Sub ), Chronix, the stockholders party to the Chronix Merger
Agreement and a party named as equity holder representative. Pursuant to the Chronix Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into
Chronix, with Chronix surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Oncocyte (the Chronix Merger ). Prior to the Chronix Merger,
Chronix was a privately held molecular diagnostics company, developing blood tests for use in cancer treatment and organ transplantation.
Through the Chronix Merger, Oncocyte has added to its LDT development pipeline the VitaGraft-CNI Monitor, a patented, blood-based test
for immunotherapy monitoring which Oncocyte expects to market as DetermaCNI in the United States, and VitaGraft Transplant Monitor,
a solid organ transplantation monitoring test. See Note 3 for additional information about the Chronix Merger. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Certain
amounts in prior periods have been reclassified to reflect the impact of the discontinued operations treatment of Razor in order to conform
to the current period presentation. 

As
a result of the divestiture of Razor, the Company has retrospectively revised the consolidated statements of operations for the year
ended December 31, 2021 and the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021, to reflect the operations and cash flows of
Razor as discontinued operations and the related assets and liabilities as held for sale. See Note 16 for additional information
about assets held for sale and discontinued operations. 

Liquidity 

In
accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements Going
Concern (Subtopic 205-40), the Company s management evaluates whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate,
that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the
financial statements are issued. 

Oncocyte
has incurred operating losses and negative cash flows since inception and had an accumulated deficit of 
 million as of December 31, 2022. Oncocyte
expects to continue to incur operating losses and negative cash flows for the foreseeable future. Oncocyte revenues during 2022 were
not sufficient to cover Oncocyte s operating expenses for that period. Since its formation, Oncocyte has financed its operations
primarily through the sale of shares of its common stock, convertible preferred stock and warrants to acquire common stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022, Oncocyte had million of cash and cash equivalents, and held shares of Lineage Cell Therapeutics, Inc. Lineage and AgeX Therapeutics, Inc. AgeX common stock as marketable equity securities with a combined fair market value of 
million. 

On
June 11, 2021, Oncocyte entered into an at-the-market sales agreement with BTIG, LLC as sales agent and/or principal (the Agent pursuant to which Oncocyte may sell up to an aggregate of of shares of Oncocyte common stock from time to time through the
Agent (the ATM Offering ). 

Between
July 1, 2021 and December 31, 2022, Oncocyte sold shares of common stock at an average offering price of per share, for
gross proceeds of approximately million through the ATM Offering. Oncocyte will need to raise additional capital to finance its
operations, including the development and commercialization of its cancer diagnostic and other tests, until such time as it is able to
generate sufficient revenues from the commercialization of one or more of its laboratory tests and other tests and performing Pharma
Services to cover its operating expenses. 

On
April 13, 2022, Oncocyte entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with institutional
accredited investors (the Investors ), including Broadwood Partners, L.P. Broadwood ), Oncocyte s largest
shareholder, in a registered direct offering of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred
Stock ), which are convertible into a total of shares of common stock, at a conversion price of (the Series
A Preferred Stock Offering ). The purchase price of each share of Series A Preferred Stock was , which included an original
issue discount to the stated value of per share. The Securities Purchase Agreement provides that the closing of the Series A Preferred
Stock Offering will occur, subject to the satisfactory of certain closing conditions, in two equal tranches of each for aggregate
gross proceeds from both closings of . The first closing occurred on June 1, 2022, and Oncocyte received net proceeds of approximately
 million from the Series A Preferred Stock issued from the first tranche. The second closing would occur, subject to the satisfactory
of certain closing conditions (including but not limited to a requirement that the Company has not received, in the 12 months preceding
the second closing, a notice from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq that the Company is not in compliance with the listing
and maintenance and listing requirements of Nasdaq), on the earlier of (a) the second trading day following the date that Oncocyte receives
notice from an Investor to accelerate the second closing and (b) a date selected by Oncocyte on or after October 8, 2022 and on or prior
to March 8, 2023. On August 9, 2022, Oncocyte received a letter from Nasdaq indicating that the Company no longer meets the minimum bid
price requirement of Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1) of the Nasdaq continued listing requirements. Accordingly as of December 31, 2022,
no additional proceeds are expected from the second closing of the Security Purchase Agreement. See Note 15 for additional information
about the Series A Preferred Stock Offering. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Further,
on April 13, 2022, Oncocyte entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement with BTIG, LLC, as representative
of the underwriters named therein (the Underwriters ), pursuant to which Oncocyte agreed to issue and sell to the Underwriters
an aggregate of shares of common stock, and warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock April
2022 Warrants (the Underwritten Offering, and collectively with the Series A Preferred Stock Offering, the April
2022 Offerings ). The Underwritten Offering closed on April 19, 2022. Pursuant to the Underwritten Offering, Broadwood acquired
from us (i) shares of common stock, and (ii) April 2022 Warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock
at an exercise price of per share. Pura Vida acquired from us (i) shares of common stock, and (ii) April 2022
Warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock. On April 19, 2022, Oncocyte received net proceeds of approximately 
million from the Underwritten Offering of shares of common stock and April 2022 Warrants to purchase up to 
shares of common stock. See Note 15 for additional information about the Underwritten Offering. 

As of December 31, 2022, Oncocyte
devoted substantially all of its efforts on initial commercialization efforts for DetermaRx, completing clinical development and planning
commercialization of DetermaIO, although DetermaIO is currently available for biopharma diagnostic development and research use only as
a companion test in immunotherapy drug development to select patients for clinical trials; and the clinical launch of VitaGraft. While
Oncocyte plans to primarily market its laboratory tests in the United States through its own sales force, it is also beginning to make
marketing arrangements with distributors in other countries. In order to reduce capital needs and to expedite the commercialization of
any new laboratory tests that may become available for clinical use, Oncocyte may also pursue marketing arrangements with other diagnostic
companies through which Oncocyte might receive licensing fees and royalty on sales, or through which it might form a joint venture to
market its tests and share in net revenues, in the United States or abroad. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

In
addition to general economic and capital market trends and conditions, Oncocyte s ability to raise sufficient additional capital
to finance its operations from time to time will depend on a number of factors specific to Oncocyte s operations such as operating
revenues and expenses, progress in development of, or in obtaining reimbursement coverage from Medicare for, DetermaIO and other
future laboratory tests that Oncocyte may develop or acquire. 

The
unavailability or inadequacy of financing or revenues to meet future capital needs could force Oncocyte to modify, curtail, delay, or
suspend some or all aspects of planned operations. Sales of additional equity securities could result in the dilution of the interests
of its shareholders. Oncocyte cannot assure that adequate financing will be available on favorable terms, if at all. 

The
Company applied on January 24, 2023 to transfer the listing of its common stock, no par value, from The Nasdaq Global Market to The Nasdaq
Capital Market (the Transfer ). Upon receiving confirmation that Nasdaq had approved the Transfer, the Company s common
stock began trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market effective with the open of trading on February 7, 2023. The Company s common stock
continues to trade under the symbol OCX . The Nasdaq Capital Market operates in substantially the same manner as The Nasdaq
Global Market, with issuers listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market tier required to meet certain financial and corporate governance requirements
to qualify for continued listing. 

On
February 7, 2023, the Company received confirmation that Nasdaq has determined that the Company is eligible for an additional 180-calendar
day period to regain compliance by meeting the minimum bid price requirement. The minimum bid price requirement would be met if the Company s
common stock has a minimum closing bid price of at least per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days during the 180-calendar
day period. 

On April 3, 2023 the Company
entered into an agreement with certain members of the Company s board of directors, and several institutional and accredited investors,
including Broadwood Capital, L.P., the Company s largest shareholder, relating to their purchase of an aggregate of up to 
shares of its common stock at an offering price of per share to board members and per share to the other investors participating
in the offering. The offering is intended to be priced at-the market for purposes of complying with applicable NASDAQ Listing
Rules. The aggregate gross proceeds from the offering were approximately million before deducting offering expenses payable
by the Company. 

Although it is difficult to predict
the Company s liquidity requirements, management believe that it will have sufficient cash to meet its projected operating requirements
for at least the next 12 months following the issuance of the consolidated financial statements. The Company anticipates that it will
continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future as it continues the development of its various programs and incurs additional
costs associated with being a public company. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

- 
 - 
 
 Total 

- 
 - 

Liabilities: 

Contingent consideration liabilities 
 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 
 - 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
following table presents the Company s assets and liabilities, measured and recognized at fair value on a recurring basis, classified
under the appropriate level of the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 

As of December 31, 2021 

Total carrying and estimated fair value 
 Quoted prices in active markets (Level 1) 
 Significant other observable inputs (Level 2) 
 Significant other observable inputs (Level 3) 
 
 Assets: 

Marketable equity securities 

- 
 - 
 
 Total 

- 
 - 

Liabilities: 

Contingent consideration liabilities 
 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 
 - 

The
carrying amounts of prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities approximate
fair values because of the short-term nature of these items. 

Restricted cash 

Cash from discontinued operations 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the statements of cash flows 

of its ownership of Razor and all of the assets and liabilities related to DetermaRx to Razor. The Razor Stock
Purchase Agreement provides that Oncocyte will retain stake in Razor. 

Assets
and liabilities are classified as held for sale when all of the following criteria for a plan of sale have been met: (1)management, having
the authority to approve the action, commits to a plan to sell the assets; (2) the assets are available for immediate sale, in their
present condition, subject only to terms that are usual and customary for sales of such assets; (3) an active program to locate a buyer
and other actions required to complete the plan to sell the assets have been initiated; (4) the sale of the assets is probable and is
expected to be completed within one year; (5) the assets are being actively marketed for a price that is reasonable in relation to their
current fair value; and (6) actions required to complete the plan indicate that it is unlikely that significant changes to the plan will
be made or the plan will be withdrawn. When all of these criteria have been met, the assets and liabilities are classified as held for
sale in the consolidated balance sheet. Assets classified as held for sale are reported at the lower of their carrying value or fair
value less costs to sell. Depreciation and amortization of assets ceases upon designation as held for sale. 

Discontinued
operations comprise activities that were disposed of, discontinued or held for sale at the end of the period, represent a separate major
line of business that can be clearly distinguished for operational and financial reporting purposes and represent a strategic business
shift having a major effect on the Company s operations and financial results according to Accounting Standard Codification ASC Topic 205, Presentation of Financial Statements . 

Additional
details surrounding the Company s assets and liabilities held for sale and discontinued operations are included in Note 16. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and 
 shares of common stock of Lineage and AgeX, respectively,
as marketable equity securities with a fair market value of 
 million and 
 thousand, respectively. 

to years. For equipment purchased under financing leases, Oncocyte depreciates
the equipment based on the shorter of the useful life of the equipment or the term of the lease, ranging from to years, depending
on the nature and classification of the financing lease. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred whereas significant renewals
and betterments are capitalized. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and the related accumulated depreciation
are removed from the respective accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in Oncocyte s results of operations. 

Construction
in progress, comprised primarily of leasehold improvements under construction, is not depreciated until the underlying asset is placed
into service. 

years (see Note 3). 

other
impairment of long-lived assets from continuing operations. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Oncocyte
is not aware of any uncertain tax positions that could result in significant additional payments, accruals, or other material deviation
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Oncocyte is currently unaware of any tax issues under review. 

On
December 21, 2020, the U.S. president signed into law the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 which includes further
COVID-19 economic relief and extension of certain expiring tax provisions. The relief package includes a tax provision clarifying that
businesses with forgiven PPP loans can deduct regular business expenses that are paid for with the loan proceeds for federal tax purposes.
Additional pandemic relief tax measures include an expansion of the employee retention credit, enhanced charitable contribution deductions,
and a temporary full deduction for business expenses for food and beverages provided by a restaurant (see Note 12). 

In
accordance with the 2017 Tax Act, research and experimental (R E) expenses under Internal Revenue Code Section 174 are required to
be capitalized beginning in 2022. R E expenses are required to be amortized over a period of 5 years for domestic expenses and 15
years for foreign expenses. 

The
Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 specifically introduces the topic of corporate alternative minimum tax CAMT on adjusted
financial statement income on applicable corporations for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022. There is no impact to our
current tax provision. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Oncocyte
determines transaction prices based on the amount of consideration we expect to receive for transferring the promised goods or services
in the contract. Consideration may be fixed, variable, or a combination of both. The Company considers any constraints on the variable
consideration and includes in the transaction price variable consideration to the extent it is deemed probable that a significant reversal
in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently
resolved. 

DetermaRx
testing revenue 

Oncocyte
generates revenue from performing DetermaRx tests on clinical samples through orders received from physicians, hospitals, and
other healthcare providers. In determining whether all the revenue recognition criteria (i) through (v) above are met with respect to
DetermaRx tests, each test result is considered a single performance obligation and is generally considered complete when the
test result is delivered or made available to the prescribing physician electronically, and, as such, there are no shipping or handling
fees incurred by Oncocyte or billed to customers. Although Oncocyte bills a list price for all tests ordered and completed for all payer
types, Oncocyte considers constraints on the variable consideration when recognizing revenue for DetermaRx. Because DetermaRx
is a novel test and there are no current reimbursement arrangements with third-party payers other than Medicare, the transaction price
represents variable consideration. Application of the constraint for variable consideration is an area that requires significant judgment.
For all payers other than Medicare, Oncocyte must consider the novelty of the test, the uncertainty of receiving payment, or being subject
to claims for a refund, from payers with whom it does not have a sufficient payment collection history or contractual reimbursement agreements.
Accordingly, for those payers, Oncocyte expects to continue to recognize revenue upon payment until it has a sufficient history to reliably
estimate payment patterns or has contractual reimbursement arrangements, or both, in place. 

As
of December 31, 2022, Oncocyte had accounts receivable of million from Medicare and Medicare Advantage covered DetermaRx
test. As of December 31, 2021, Oncocyte had accounts receivable of million from Medicare covered DetermaRx tests. DetermaRx
accounts receivable balance has been included in the current assets from discontinued operations. (see Notes 16 and 17). 

We
maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts at an amount we estimate to be sufficient to provide adequate protection against losses
resulting from extending credit to our customers. We base this allowance, in the aggregate, on historical collection experience, age
of receivables and general economic conditions. Our bad debts have not been material and have been within management expectations.
As of December 31, 2022, we had a bad debt allowance of million.
As of December 31, 2021, we had bad debt allowance. 

Pharma
services revenue 

Revenues
recognized include Pharma Services performed by Oncocyte s Insight and Chronix subsidiaries for its pharmaceutical customers, including
testing for biomarker discovery, assay design and development, clinical trial support, and a broad spectrum of biomarker tests. These
Pharma Services are generally performed under individual scope of work SOW arrangements or license agreements (together
with SOW the Pharma Services Agreements with specific deliverables defined by the customer. Pharma Services are performed
on a (i) time and materials basis or (ii) per test completed basis. Upon completion of the service to the customer in accordance with
a Pharma Services Agreement, Oncocyte has the right to bill the customer for the agreed upon price (either on a per test or per deliverable
basis) and recognizes Pharma Service revenue at that time. Insight identifies each sale of its Pharma Service offering as a single performance
obligation. Chronix identifies the processing of test samples as a separate performance obligation (considered a series) within license
agreements with customers. 

Completion
of the service and satisfaction of the performance obligation is typically evidenced by access to the report or test made available to
the customer or any other form or applicable manner of delivery defined in the Pharma Services Agreements. However, for certain SOWs
under which work is performed pursuant to the customer s highly customized specifications, Oncocyte has the enforceable right to
bill the customer for work completed, rather than upon completion of the SOW. For those SOWs, Oncocyte recognizes revenue over a period
during which the work is performed using a formula that accounts for expended efforts, generally measured in labor hours, as a percentage
of total estimated efforts for the completion of the SOW. As performance obligations are satisfied under the Pharma Services Agreements,
any amounts earned as revenue and billed to the customer are included in accounts receivable. Any revenues earned but not yet billed
to the customer as of the date of Oncocyte s consolidated financial statements are recorded as contract assets and are included
in prepaids and other current assets as of the financial statement date. Amounts recorded in contract assets are reclassified to accounts
receivable in Oncocyte s consolidated financial statements when the customer is invoiced according to the billing schedule in the
contract. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Oncocyte
establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based on the evaluation of the collectability of its Pharma Services accounts receivables
after considering a variety of factors, including the length of time receivables are past due, significant events that may impair the
customer s ability to pay, such as a bankruptcy filing or deterioration in the customer s operating results or financial
position, reasonable and supportable forecast that affect the collectability of the reported amount, and historical experience. If circumstances
related to customers change, estimates of the recoverability of receivables would be further adjusted. Amounts determined to be uncollectible
are written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company has significant cash balances at financial institutions which throughout the year regularly exceed the
federally insured limit of . Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the
Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Oncocyte has not recorded any losses or allowance
for doubtful accounts on its account receivables from Pharma Services. 

As
of December 31, 2022, Oncocyte had accounts receivable from Pharma Services customers of million, as compared to million as
of December 31, 2021 (see Note 7). 

Licensing
revenue 

Revenues
recognized includes licensing revenue derived from agreements with customers for exclusive rights to market Oncocyte s proprietary
testing technology. Under the agreements, Oncocyte grants exclusive rights to certain trademarks and technology of Oncocyte for the purpose
of marketing Oncocyte s tests within a defined geographic territory. A license agreement may specify milestone deliverables or
performance obligations, for which Oncocyte recognizes revenue when its licensee confirms the completion of Oncocyte s performance
obligation. A licensing agreement may also include ongoing sales support from Oncocyte and typically includes non-refundable licensing
fees and per-test Pharma Services revenues discussed above, for which Oncocyte treats the licensing of the technology, trademarks, and
ongoing support as a single performance obligation satisfied by the passage of time over the term of the agreement. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Net loss attributable to Oncocyte Corporation, from discontinuing operations 

Accretion of Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock 
 
 - 
 
 Net loss at attributable to common stockholders - Basic and Diluted 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to common stockholders - Basic and Diluted 

Basic and diluted from continuing operations, net loss 

Basic and diluted from discontinuing operations, net loss 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share 

Anti-dilutive potential common shares excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per common share: 

Stock options 

RSUs 
 
 - 
 
 Warrants 

Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

It
is possible that impacts of COVID-19 on Oncocyte s operations or revenues or its access to capital could prevent Oncocyte from
complying, or could result in a material noncompliance, with one or more obligations or covenants under material agreements to which
Oncocyte is a party, with the result that Oncocyte would be in material breach of the applicable obligation, covenant, or agreement.
Any such material breach could cause Oncocyte to incur material financial liabilities or an acceleration of the date for paying a financial
obligation to the other party to the applicable agreement, or could cause Oncocyte to lose material contractual rights, such as rights
to use leased equipment or laboratory or office space, or rights to use licensed patents or other intellectual property the use of which
is material to Oncocyte s business. Similarly, it is possible that impacts of COVID-19 on the business, operations, or financial
condition of any third party with whom Oncocyte has a contractual relationship could cause the third party to be unable to perform its
contractual obligations to Oncocyte, resulting in Oncocyte s loss of the benefits of a contract that could be material to Oncocyte s
business. 

The
full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and the various responses to it might impact Oncocytes business, operations and financial
results will depend on numerous evolving factors that are not subject to accurate prediction and that are beyond Oncocyte s control. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Milestone 2 

Milestone 3 (a) 

Royalty 1 (b) 
 See(b) 

Royalty 2 (b) 
 See(b) 

Total 

(a) 

(b) 

The
fair value of the Milestone Contingent Consideration was determined using a scenario analysis valuation method which incorporates Oncocyte s
assumptions with respect to the likelihood of achievement of the Milestones, credit risk, timing of the Milestone Contingent Consideration
payments and a risk-adjusted discount rate to estimate the present value of the expected payments. The discount rate was estimated at
approximately 
after adjustment for the probability of achievement of the Milestones. No Milestone Contingent Consideration is payable with respect
to a particular Milestone unless and until the Milestone is achieved. Since the Milestone Contingent Consideration payments are based
on nonfinancial, binary events, management believes the use of the scenario analysis method is appropriate. The fair value of each Milestone
after the Insight Merger Date is reassessed by Oncocyte as changes in circumstances and conditions occur, with the subsequent change
in fair value recorded in Oncocyte s consolidated statements of operations. 

The
fair value of the Royalty Contingent Consideration was determined using a single scenario analysis method to value the Royalty Payments.
The single scenario method incorporates Oncocyte s assumptions with respect to specified future revenues generated from DetermaIO
and current Insight Pharma Services over their respective useful lives, credit risk, and a risk-adjusted discount rate to estimate the
present value of the expected royalty payments. The credit and risk-adjusted discount rate was estimated at approximately . Since
the Royalty Contingent Consideration payments are based on future revenues and linear payouts, management believes the use of the single
scenario method is appropriate. 

The
fair value of the Contingent Consideration after the Insight Merger Date is reassessed by Oncocyte as changes in circumstances and conditions
occur, with the subsequent change in fair value recorded in Oncocyte s consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31,
2022, based on Oncocyte s reassessment of the significant assumptions noted above, there was a decrease of approximately million
to the fair value of the Contingent Consideration primarily attributable to revised estimates of the timing of the possible future payouts
and, accordingly, this decrease was recorded as change in fair value of contingent consideration in the consolidated statements of operations
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Change in estimated fair value 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Change in estimated fair value 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Contingent
consideration is not deductible for tax purposes, even if paid; therefore, no deferred tax assets related to the Contingent Consideration
were recorded. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Asset
acquisition of Razor Genomics, Inc. 

On
December 31, 2019, Oncocyte completed the purchase of shares of Razor Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 
per share (the Razor Preferred Stock ), representing of the outstanding equity of Razor on a fully diluted basis, for
 million in cash (the Initial Closing ), pursuant to a Subscription and Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase
Agreement dated September 4, 2019, among Oncocyte, Encore Clinical, Inc. Encore ), and Razor. Pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement, Oncocyte entered into Minority Holder Stock Purchase Agreements of like tenor (the Minority Purchase Agreements with the shareholders of Razor other than Encore (the Minority Shareholders for the future purchase of the shares of Razor
common stock they own. Oncocyte has also entered into certain other agreements with Razor and Encore, including a Sublicense and Distribution
Agreement (the Sublicense Agreement ), a Development Agreement (the Development Agreement ), and an amendment
to a Laboratory Services Agreement (the Laboratory Agreement pursuant to which Oncocyte became a party to that agreement. 

Purchase
Option 

The
Purchase Agreement and Minority Shareholder Agreements granted Oncocyte the option to acquire the balance of the outstanding shares of
Razor common stock from Encore under the Purchase Agreement and from the Minority Shareholders under the Minority Purchase Agreements
(the Option for an additional million in cash and Oncocyte common stock valued at million in total (the Additional
Purchase Payment ). Oncocyte agreed to exercise the Option if, within a specified time frame, certain milestones are met related
to the contracting of clinical trial sites for a clinical trial of DetermaRx. 

On
January 29, 2021, the principal shareholder of Razor informed Oncocyte that the milestone requiring Oncocyte to purchase the outstanding
shares of Razor common stock had been attained under the Purchase Agreement and Minority Shareholder Purchase Agreements. On February
24, 2021, Oncocyte exercised the Option and completed the purchase of all the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Razor
and paid the selling shareholders in total million in cash and issued a total of shares of Oncocyte common stock having a
market value of million on that date. As a result of Oncocyte exercising the Option and purchasing the Razor common stock, Oncocyte
is now the sole shareholder of Razor. 

Development
Agreement 

Under
the Development Agreement, Razor reserved as a Clinical Trial Expense Reserve million of the proceeds it received at
the Initial Closing from the sale of the Razor Preferred Stock to Oncocyte, to fund Razor s share of costs incurred in connection
with a clinical trial of DetermaRx for purposes of promoting commercialization Clinical Trial ). 

On
February 24, 2021, upon the completion of the outstanding shares of Razor common stock and consolidation of Razor s accounts, Oncocyte
obtained control of approximately million in cash from Razor, which was the remaining balance in the Clinical Trial Expense Reserve
account that Razor was using to pay for the Clinical Trial expenses. Beginning on February 24, 2021, this balance was transferred to
Oncocyte s control as part of the acquisition date assets and liabilities recorded from the Razor entity shown below. Oncocyte
agreed to be responsible for all expenses for the Clinical Trial up to the total budget amount approved by representatives of Oncocyte and
Encore on a Steering Committee, which is expected to cover multiple years and is estimated to cost up to million. 

Upon
completion of enrollment of the full number of patients for the Clinical Trial, it was agreed that Oncocyte will issue to Encore and
the Minority Shareholders shares of Oncocyte common stock with an aggregate market value at the date of issue equal to million Clinical
Trial Milestone Payment ). 

The Development Agreement
was terminated on February 16, 2023 in connection with the Razor Stock Purchase Agreement. See Notes 16 and 17 for more details regarding
the Razor Stock Purchase Agreement. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

If,
within a specified time frame, Encore is substantially responsible for obtaining funding to Oncocyte or Razor for the Clinical Trial
from any third-party pharmaceutical company, a portion of such additional funding amount will be paid to Encore, subject to a million
cap on the payment to Encore if the funding is provided by a designated pharmaceutical company. 

Sublicense
Agreement 

Under
the Sublicense Agreement, Razor granted to Oncocyte an exclusive worldwide sublicense under certain patent rights applicable to DetermaRx
in the field of use covered by the applicable license held by Razor for purposes of commercialization and development of DetermaRx. 

Pursuant
to the Razor Sublicense Agreement, Oncocyte will pay all royalties and all revenue sharing and earnout payments owed by Razor to certain
third parties with respect to DetermaRx revenues, including the licensor of the patent rights sublicensed to Oncocyte, but those payments
will be deducted from gross revenues to determine net revenues for the purpose of paying royalties to the former Razor shareholders.
Total royalty and earnout payments to the former Razor shareholders, the licensor, and other third parties will be a low double-digit
percentage, and in addition certain milestone payments may become due if cumulative net revenue benchmarks are reached. Royalties and
earnout payments will be payable on a quarterly basis. This payment obligation will continue after Oncocyte s purchase of the Razor
common stock from Encore and the Minority Shareholders. 

The Sublicense Agreement was terminated on February 16, 2023 in connection with the Razor Stock Purchase Agreement.
See Notes 16 and 17 for more details regarding the Razor Stock Purchase Agreement. 

Laboratory
Agreement 

Under
the Laboratory Agreement, Oncocyte has assumed Razor s Laboratory Agreement payment obligations of per year (see Note
10). The Laboratory Agreement gives Oncocyte the right to use Razor s laboratory in Brisbane, California. Oncocyte pays Encore
a quarterly fee for services related to operating and maintaining the CLIA laboratory, including certain staffing. The Laboratory Agreement
expired on . 

Accounting
for the Razor Investment 

Beginning
on the Initial Closing and through February 23, 2021, Oncocyte has accounted for the Razor investment under the equity method of accounting
under ASC 323 because prior to the Additional Purchase Payment discussed above Oncocyte exercised significant influence over, but did
not control, the Razor entity. Oncocyte did not control Razor because, among other factors, Oncocyte was entitled to designate one person
to serve on a three-member board of directors of Razor, with the other two members designated by Encore. Also, any deadlocked decisions
by a Steering Committee of Oncocyte and Encore representatives that makes decisions with respect to the Clinical Trial, other than with
respect to the Clinical Trial budget, will be resolved by a member designated by Encore. 

Prior
to February 24, 2021, the aggregate Razor acquisition payments of million incurred during September 2019 and a million CMS
milestone payment made by Oncocyte during June 2020 under the Development Agreement, were amortized over a -year useful life of DetermaRx
and were reflected in Oncocyte s pro rata earnings and losses of the equity method investment in Razor in the consolidated statements
of operations. Beginning on February 24, 2021, Razor s results are included with Oncocyte s consolidated results, primarily
consisting of outside research and development expenses incurred by Razor for the Clinical Trial. 

The
Initial Closing equity method investment in Razor and the Additional Purchase Payment for the remaining interests in Razor are both considered
an asset acquisition, rather than a business combination, because, among other factors, Razor had no workforce, no commercial product
(Razor had granted all commercial rights to Oncocyte), no revenues, no distribution system and no facilities. Substantially all of the
fair value of Razor s assets at the Initial Closing and on February 24, 2021 was concentrated in Razor s intangible asset,
the DetermaRx patent and related know-how, thus satisfying the requirements of the practical screen test to be considered an asset
acquisition in accordance with ASU 2017-01 , Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business . Accordingly,
no goodwill may be recognized in an asset acquisition in accordance with ASC 805-50. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

As
Razor became a wholly owned subsidiary of Oncocyte on February 24, 2021, the DTA associated with the previous equity method investment
was reversed. There is no tax effect of this reversal as the DTA had been fully offset by a valuation allowance (see Note 8). However,
upon payment of the Additional Purchase Payment, Oncocyte recorded an additional step-up to fair value for the Razor intangible asset
under ASC 805-50 for financial reporting purposes but this step-up is not recognized for income tax purposes. As a result,
the fair value adjustment of the Razor intangible asset on the acquisition date generated a DTL in accordance with ASC 740. This DTL
is computed using the fair value of the intangible assets on the acquisition date multiplied by Oncocyte s federal and state effective
income tax rates, using the simultaneous equations method for asset acquisitions under the guidance provided in ASC 740-10-25-51, which
requires that the DTL be recognized as part of the investment of the acquired asset instead of any immediate income tax expense or benefit
arising from the recognition of the DTL. Furthermore, ASC 740 allows Oncocyte to treat acquired available deferred tax assets, such as
Razor s NOLs (subject to the annual limitation under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code) as available DTAs to offset against
the DTLs, as the DTLs are expected to reverse within the NOL carryforward period. Any excess DTAs over those DTLs would be assessed for
a valuation allowance in accordance with ASC 740. 

On
February 24, 2021, Oncocyte estimated and recorded a net DTL of million after offsetting the acquired available NOLs with the intangible
asset shown in the table below. See Note 8 for a discussion related to the partial release of Oncocyte s valuation allowance pertaining
to the DTL generated above in accordance with ASC 740. 

Cash paid as Additional Purchase Payment for the Razor asset 

Oncocyte common stock issued shares issued at market value) as Additional Purchase Payment 

Less: cash balance received from Razor for Clinical Trial expenses 

Deferred tax liability generated from the Razor asset 

Other 

Total Razor investment asset balance as of February 24, 2021 (a) 

(a) 
 years, as of the February 24, 2021 acquisition date,
 with the amortization expense included in Cost of revenues amortization of acquired intangibles on the consolidated
 statements of operations. 

Under
ASC 805-50, for asset acquisitions, the remaining Clinical Trial Milestone Payment will be recorded only if the consideration is both
probable (milestone has been achieved) and estimable in accordance with ASC 450, Contingencies , and as of December 31, 2022, no
contingent consideration payment was recorded as the Clinical Trial Milestone Payment was not deemed probable of achievement as of that
date. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Summarized
standalone financial data for Razor from January 1, 2021 through February 23, 2021 

General and administrative expense 
 - 
 
 Loss from operations 

Net loss 

(1) 

On
December 15, 2022, the Company, entered into the Razor Stock Purchase Agreement with Dragon and Razor. Pursuant to the Razor Stock Purchase
Agreement, Oncocyte agreed to sell to Dragon, 3,188,181 shares of common stock of Razor, which constitutes approximately of the issued
and outstanding equity interests of Razor on a fully-diluted basis, and transfer to Razor all of the assets and liabilities related to
DetermaRx. Following the Razor Closing, Oncocyte will own approximately of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Razor on
a fully-diluted basis. See Notes 16 and 17 for more details. 

Acquisition
of Chronix Biomedical, Inc. 

On
April 15, 2021, the Chronix Merger Date, Oncocyte completed its acquisition of Chronix pursuant the Chronix Merger Agreement. 

Merger
Consideration at Closing 

Pursuant
to the Chronix Merger Agreement, Oncocyte agreed to deliver closing consideration consisting of approximately (i) shares of Oncocyte
common stock (the Closing Shares ), which represents approximately million of Closing Shares issued to Chronix stockholders
and approximately million of Closing Shares issued to payoff assumed liabilities, based on the closing price per share of
Oncocyte common stock on the NYSE American on February 1, 2021; (ii) million in cash; and (iii) net settlement of acquirer/acquiree
pre-combination activity (collectively, the Chronix Closing Consideration ). 

Contingent
Consideration 

As
additional consideration for holders of certain classes and series of Chronix capital stock, the Chronix Merger Agreement also provides
for Oncocyte to pay Chronix Contingent Consideration consisting of (i) Chronix Milestone Payments of up to
 million in any combination of cash or Oncocyte common stock if certain milestones specified in the Chronix Merger Agreement are achieved,
(ii) Royalty Payments of up to of net collections for sales of specified tests and products during the five-to-ten
year earnout periods, and (iii) Transplant Sale Payments of up to of net collections from the sale or license to a
third party of Chronix s patents for use in transplantation medicine during a seven-year earnout period. 

The
Chronix Closing Consideration and Chronix Contingent Consideration include amounts payable to certain directors, officers and employees
of Chronix, including officers and employees who are expected to continue to provide services to Chronix following the Chronix Merger. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Liabilities 

Pursuant
to the Chronix Merger Agreement, to the extent that Oncocyte or any of its subsidiaries, including Chronix, pays, performs or discharges
an amount of liabilities of Chronix in excess of million (the Excess Liabilities ), Oncocyte may set off the Excess
Liabilities against any Chronix Contingent Consideration payments that subsequently become due and payable pursuant to the Chronix Merger
Agreement. Chronix had Excess Liabilities approximating million as of the Chronix Merger Date. Prior to Chronix equity holders receiving
any Chronix Contingent Consideration payments, all or a partial amount of any funds that would otherwise be payable as Chronix Contingent
Consideration payments may be used to pay Excess Liabilities. 

Deferred
Revenue - In June 2018 and subsequently amended in June 2019, Chronix and a medical diagnostic service company in Germany the
German customer entered into a licensing and testing service agreement the German agreement for intellectual
property related to VitaGraft CNI Monitor and VitaGraft Transplant Monitor. Under the terms of the agreement, Chronix received
from the German customer an upfront payment of million, less applicable VAT obligations, which Chronix recognized ratably over
the contract term of years. The German agreement contains a stipulation that requires Chronix to refund to the German customer a
portion of the upfront fee on a pro rata basis if the German agreement is terminated prior to December 31, 2021. The deferred revenue
of recorded at the acquisition date represents the refund Oncocyte would pay to the German customer should it terminate the
agreement prior to the agreed upon term. Oncocyte amortized the deferred revenue and recorded revenue ratably over the remaining period
as the German customer s refund rights expire. As of December 31, 2021, Oncocyte has fully amortized the deferred revenue and recorded
revenue of . As of December 31, 2022, no revenues were recorded as a result of amortized deferred revenue. 

Registration
Rights 

Pursuant
to the Chronix Merger Agreement, Oncocyte filed a registration statement with the SEC to register the resale of the shares of common
stock under the Securities Act issued in connection with the Chronix Merger, which the SEC declared effective in July 2021. 

Workforce 

At
the Chronix Merger Date, all of Chronix s employees ceased employment with Chronix, and Oncocyte offered employment to certain
of those former Chronix employees, principally in laboratory roles and certain administrative roles in Germany, and granted new equity
awards to them under the Oncocyte 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. All these Oncocyte stock option awards granted have vesting terms and conditions
consistent with stock options granted to most other Oncocyte employees. 

Aggregate
Chronix Merger Consideration and Purchase Price Allocation 

Measurement
period adjustments reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. Final determination
of the fair values may result in further adjustments to the values presented. To the extent that significant changes occur in the future,
Oncocyte will disclose such changes in the reporting period in which they occur. 

The
calculation of the aggregate merger consideration, consisting of the Closing Consideration and Chronix Contingent Consideration (the
 Aggregate Chronix Merger Consideration ), at fair value, is shown in the following table (in thousands, except for share
and per share amounts). In accordance with ASC 805, the Chronix Contingent Consideration, at fair value, is part of the total considered
transferred on the Chronix Merger Date, as further discussed below. 

Settlement of acquirer/acquiree activity pre-combination, net 

Stock consideration 

Shares of Oncocyte common stock issued on the Merger Date 

Closing price per share of Oncocyte common stock on the Merger Date 

Market value of Oncocyte common stock issued 

Contingent Consideration 

Total fair value of consideration transferred on the Merger Date 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Pursuant
to ASC 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 ), Oncocyte accounted for the Chronix acquisition as a business combination
using the acquisition method of accounting. Identifiable assets and liabilities of Chronix, including identifiable intangible assets,
were recorded based on their fair values as of the date of the closing of the acquisition. The excess of the purchase price over the
fair value of the net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. 

Accounts receivable and other current assets 

Long-term assets 

Acquired in-process research and development 

Total identifiable assets acquired (a) 

Liabilities assumed: 

Deferred revenue 

Assumed liability 

Long-term deferred income tax liability 

Total identifiable liabilities assumed (b) 

Net assets acquired, excluding goodwill (a) - (b) = (c) 

Total cash, contingent consideration, and stock consideration transferred (d) 

Goodwill (d) - (c) 

All
tangible assets and liabilities were valued at their respective carrying amounts as management believes that these amounts approximated
their acquisition date fair values. 

The
following is a discussion of the valuation methods and significant assumptions used to determine the fair value of Chronix s material
assets and liabilities in connection with the Chronix Merger: 

Acquired
In-Process Research and Development and Deferred Income Tax Liability The fair value of identifiable IPR D intangible
assets consists of million allocated to VitaGraft CNI Monitor and VitaGraft Transplant Monitor. Oncocyte determined
the estimated aggregate fair value of the VitaGraft test assets using the MPEEM under the income approach. MPEEM calculates the
economic benefits by determining the income attributable to an intangible asset after the returns are subtracted for contributory assets
such as working capital, assembled workforce, and fixed assets. The resulting after-tax net earnings are discounted at a rate commensurate
with the risk inherent in the economic benefit projections of the assets. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

To
calculate fair value of the Test Assets under MPEEM, Oncocyte used probability-weighted, projected cash flows discounted at a rate considered
appropriate given the significant inherent risks associated with similar assets. Cash flows were calculated based on projections of revenues
and expenses related to the asset and were assumed to extend through a multi-year projection period. The discount rate used to value
Test Assets was approximately . The projected cash flows were based on significant assumptions, including the time and resources needed
to complete development of the asset, timing and reimbursement rates from CMS, regulatory approvals, if any, to commercialize the asset,
estimates of the number of tests that might be performed, revenue and operating profit expected to be generated by the asset, the expected
economic life of the asset, market penetration and competition, and risks associated with achieving commercialization, including delay
or failure to obtain CMS and any required regulatory approval, failure of clinical trials, and intellectual property litigation. 

Because
the IPR D is considered an indefinite-lived asset for accounting purposes but is not recognized for tax purposes, the fair value
of the IPR D on the acquisition date generated a DTL in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes . This DTL is computed using
the fair value of the IPR D assets on the acquisition date multiplied by Oncocyte s federal and state effective income tax
rates. ASC 740 allows Oncocyte to treat acquired available DTAs, such as Chronix s NOLs (subject to the annual limitation under
Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code) as available DTAs to offset against the DTLs, as the DTLs are expected to reverse within the
NOL carryforward period. Any excess DTAs over those DTLs would be assessed for a valuation allowance in accordance with ASC 740. This
accounting treatment is acceptable if, at the time of the acquisition, Oncocyte can both reasonably estimate a timeline to commercialization
and the economic useful life of the IPR D assets upon commercialization, which will be amortized during the carryforward period of
the offsetting DTAs. Oncocyte estimated and recorded a net DTL of 
 million after offsetting the acquired available
NOLs with the IPR D generated DTLs (see Note 8). 

Contingent
consideration liabilities ASC 805 requires that contingent consideration be estimated and recorded at fair value as of the
acquisition date as part of the total consideration transferred. Contingent consideration is an obligation of the acquirer to transfer
additional assets or equity interests to the selling shareholders in the future if certain future events occur or conditions are met,
such as the attainment of product development milestones. Contingent consideration also includes additional future payments to selling
shareholders based on achievement of components of earnings, such as earn-out provisions or percentage of future revenues,
including royalties paid to the former Chronix shareholders based on a percentage of revenues generated from VitaGraft tests over
the useful life of the assets. Accordingly, Oncocyte determined there are three types of contingent consideration in connection with
the Chronix Merger: the Milestone Payments, the Royalty Payments, and Transplant Sale Payments, discussed below, which comprise the Chronix
Contingent Consideration . 

The
fair value of the Milestone Payments was determined using a scenario analysis valuation method which incorporates Oncocyte s assumptions
with respect to the likelihood of achievement of the milestones defined in the Chronix Merger Agreement, credit risk, timing of the Milestone
Payments and a risk-adjusted discount rate to estimate the present value of the expected payments. The discount rate was estimated at
approximately after adjustment for the probability of achievement of the milestones. 

The
fair value of the Royalty Payments was determined using a single scenario analysis method. The single scenario method incorporates Oncocyte s
assumptions with respect to specified future revenues generated from DetermaCNI , over its estimated useful life, taking
into account credit risk and a risk-adjusted discount rate to estimate the present value of the expected Royalty Payments. The credit
and risk-adjusted discount rate was estimated at approximately . 

The
fair value of the Transplant Sale Payments was determined using a single scenario analysis method. The single scenario method incorporates
Oncocyte s assumptions with respect to specified future licensing revenues generated from VitaGraft , over its estimated
useful life, taking into account credit risk and a risk-adjusted discount rate to estimate the present value of the expected Transplant
Sale Payments. The credit and risk-adjusted discount rate was estimated at approximately . 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
fair value of the Chronix Contingent Consideration after the Chronix Merger Date is reassessed by Oncocyte as changes in circumstances
and conditions occur, with the subsequent change in fair value recorded in Oncocyte s consolidated statements of operations. As
of December 31, 2022, based on Oncocyte s reassessment of the significant assumptions noted above, there was a decrease of approximately
 million to the fair value of the Contingent Consideration primarily attributable to revised estimates of the timing of the possible
future payouts and, accordingly, this decrease was recorded as a change in fair value of the consolidated statements of operations for
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Change in estimated fair value 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Change in estimated fair value 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Goodwill
 Goodwill is calculated as the difference between the acquisition date fair value of the Aggregate Chronix Merger Consideration
transferred and the values assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Goodwill also includes the million of net deferred
tax liabilities recorded principally related to the VitaGraft discussed above. Oncocyte recognized approximately million
of goodwill related to the Chronix acquisition. 

None
of the goodwill recognized is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment
at least annually, or more frequently if circumstances indicate potential impairment. During 2022, the Company identify circumstances
that could indicate a potential impairment and after a valuation of the Company s assets and liabilities was performed, management
concluded that Goodwill was impaired as of December 31, 2022. (see Notes 2 and 4). 

million as part of its operating expenses; as of
December 31, 2022. No impairment was noted for IPR D assets. 

We amortize intangible assets not considered to
have an indefinite useful life using the straight-line method over their estimated period of benefit, which generally ranges from one to nine years.
Each reporting period, we evaluate the estimated remaining useful life of intangible assets and assess whether events or changes in circumstances
warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization or indicate that impairment exists. 

Goodwill - Chronix Merger (1) 
 - 

Total Goodwill 
 - 

Intangible assets: 

Acquired IPR D - DetermaIO (2) 

Acquired IPR D - DetermaCNI and VitaGraft (3) 

Intangible assets subject to amortization: 

Acquired intangible assets - customer relationship 

Total intangible assets 

Accumulated amortization - customer relationship (4) 

Intangible assets, net 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2024 

2025 

Total 

shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock, which shares of Series A Preferred Stock are convertible into a total of 
shares of common stock, at a conversion price of . The purchase price of each share of Series A Preferred Stock was , which
included an original issue discount to the stated value of per share. The rights, preferences and privileges of the Series A Preferred
Stock are set forth in the Company s Certificate of Determination, which the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State
of California. The Securities Purchase Agreement provides that the closing of the Series A Preferred Stock Offering will occur, subject
to the satisfactory of certain closing conditions, in two equal tranches of each for aggregate gross proceeds from both closings
of . The first closing occurred on June 1, 2022, and Oncocyte received net proceeds of approximately million from the
Series A Preferred Stock issued from the first tranche. The second closing would occur, subject to the satisfactory of certain closing
conditions (including but not limited to a requirement that the Company has not received, in the 12 months preceding the second closing,
a notice from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq that the Company is not in compliance with the listing and maintenance
and listing requirements of Nasdaq), on the earlier of (a) the second trading day following the date that Oncocyte receives notice from
an Investor to accelerate the second closing and (b) a date selected by Oncocyte on or after October 8, 2022 and on or prior to March
8, 2023. On August 9, 2022, Oncocyte received a letter from Nasdaq indicating that the Company no longer meets the minimum bid price
requirement of Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1) of the Nasdaq continued listing requirements. Accordingly as of December 31, 2022, no additional
proceeds are expected from the second closing of the Security Purchase Agreement. See Note 15 for additional information about the Series
A Preferred Stock Offering. 

The
Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at any time at the holder s option. The
conversion price will be subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments for matters such as stock splits, stock dividends and other distributions
on our common stock, and recapitalizations. On July
15, 2022, the Company received such shareholder approval to remove the beneficial ownership limitation with respect to the Series A Preferred
Stock held by Broadwood Partners, L.P. The Company may force the conversion of up to one-third of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock
originally issued, subject to customary equity conditions, of the conversion price and on 20 out of the same 30 trading days the daily trading volume equals or exceeds 400,000 shares of our common stock. The Company may only effect one forced conversion during any 30-trading day period. 

In
the event of the Company s liquidation, dissolution, or winding up, holders of Series A Preferred Stock will receive a payment
equal to the stated value of the Series A Preferred Stock plus accrued but unpaid dividends and any other amounts that may have become
payable on the Series A Preferred Stock due to any failure or delay that may have occurred in issuing shares of common stock upon conversion
of a portion of the Series A Preferred Stock, before any distribution or payment to the holders of common stock or any of our other junior
equity. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Shares
of Series A Preferred Stock will generally have no voting rights, except as required by law and except that the consent of holders of
a majority of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock will be required to amend any provision of our certificate of incorporation that
would have a materially adverse effect on the rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock. Additionally, as long as any shares
of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding, unless the holders of at least of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred
Stock shall have otherwise given prior written consent, we, on a consolidated basis with our subsidiaries, are not permitted to (1) have
less than million of unrestricted, unencumbered cash on hand Cash Minimum Requirement (2) other than certain permitted
indebtedness, incur indebtedness to the extent that our aggregate indebtedness exceeds million; (3) enter into any agreement (including
any indenture, credit agreement or other debt instrument) that by its terms prohibits, prevents, or otherwise limits our ability to pay
dividends on, or redeem, the Series A Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Determination; or (4) authorize
or issue any class or series of preferred stock or other capital stock of the Company that ranks senior or pari passu with the Series
A Preferred Stock. 

Shares
of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive cumulative dividends at a rate per share (as a percentage of stated value) of
6 per annum, payable quarterly in cash or, at our option, by accreting such dividends to the stated value. 

The
Company is required to redeem, for cash, the shares of Series A Preferred Stock on the earlier to occur of (1) April 8, 2024, (2) the
commencement of certain a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, receivership, or similar proceedings against the Company or its assets,
(3) a Change of Control Transaction (as defined herein) and (4) at the election and upon notice of 51 in interest of the holders, if
the Company fails to meet the Cash Minimum Requirement. A Change of Control Transaction means the occurrence of any of
(a) an acquisition by an individual or legal entity or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange
Act) of effective control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of
in excess of of the voting securities of the Company (other than by means of conversion of Series A Preferred Stock), (b) the Company
merges into or consolidates with any other person, or any person merges into or consolidates with the Company and, after giving effect
to such transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than of the aggregate voting
power of the Company or the successor entity of such transaction, or (c) the Company sells or transfers all or substantially all of its
assets to another person. Additionally, the Company has the right to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock for cash upon 30 days prior
notice to the holders; provided if the Company undertakes a capital raise in connection with such redemption, the Investors will have
the right to participate in such financing. 

As
of December 31, 2022, Oncocyte had preferred shares, -par value, authorized, and shares issued and outstanding. The
future right or obligation associated with the Series A Preferred Stock to be issued in the second closing of million was written
off since the second closing is not expected as of December 31, 2022. 

Common
Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Oncocyte has shares of common stock, -par value, authorized. As of December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Oncocyte had and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Common
Stock Purchase Warrants 

As
of December 31, 2022, Oncocyte had an aggregate of common stock purchase warrants issued and outstanding with exercise prices
ranging from to per warrant. The warrants will expire on various dates ranging from February 2024 to October 2029. Certain
warrants have cashless exercise provisions meaning that the value of a portion of warrant shares may be used to pay the
exercise price rather than payment in cash, which may be exercised under any circumstances in the case of the 2017 Bank Warrants and
2019 Bank Warrants or, in the case of certain other warrants, only if a registration statement for the warrants and underlying shares
of common stock is not effective under the Securities Act or a prospectus in the registration statement is not available for the issuance
of shares upon the exercise of the warrants. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Oncocyte
has considered the guidance in ASC 815-40, Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to, and Potentially Settled in,
a Company s Own Stock, which states that contracts that require or may require the issuer to settle the contract for cash are
liabilities recorded at fair value, irrespective of the likelihood of the transaction occurring that triggers the net cash settlement
feature. This liability classification guidance also applies to financial instruments that may require cash or other form of settlement
for transactions outside of the company s control and, in which the form of consideration to the warrant holder may not be the
same as to all other shareholders in connection with the transaction. However, if a transaction is not within the company s control
but the holder of the financial instrument can solely receive the same type or form of consideration as is being offered to all the shareholders
in the transaction, then equity classification of the financial instrument is not precluded, if all other applicable equity classification
criteria are met. Based on the above guidance and, among other factors, the fact that the warrants cannot be cash settled under any circumstance
but require share settlement, all of the outstanding warrants meet the equity classification criteria and have been classified as equity. 

shares of common stock were authorized for the grant
of stock options or the sale of restricted stock. On August 27, 2018, Oncocyte shareholders approved a new Equity Incentive Plan (the
 2018 Incentive Plan to replace the 2010 Plan. In adopting the 2018 Incentive Plan, Oncocyte terminated the 2010 Plan and
will not grant any additional stock options or sell any stock under restricted stock purchase agreements under the 2010 Plan; however,
stock options issued under the 2010 Plan will continue in effect in accordance with their terms and the terms of the 2010 Plan until
the exercise or expiration of the individual options. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company awarded executive share-based payment awards under the 2018 Plan to certain executive officers
and employees with time-based, market-based and performance-based vesting conditions 2022 Equity Awards ). 

The
fair value of the 2022 Equity Awards with performance-based vesting condition was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model
assuming that performance goals will be achieved. If such performance conditions are not met, no compensation cost is recognized and
any recognized compensation cost is reversed. The probability of 2022 equity awards performance-based vesting conditions will be evaluated
each reporting period and the Company will true-up the amount of cumulative cost recognized for the 2022 performance-based awards at
each reporting period based on the most up-to-date probability estimates. The Company will recognize the compensation expense for 2022
performance-based awards expected to vest on a straight-line basis over the respective service period for each separately vesting tranche. 

The
fair value of the 2022 Equity Awards with market-based vesting condition was estimated using the Monte Carlo simulation model. Assumptions
and estimates utilized in the model include the risk-free interest rate, dividend yield, expected stock volatility and the estimated
period to achievement of the performance and market conditions, which are subject to the achievement of the market-based goals established
by the Company and the continued employment of the participant. These awards vest only to the extent that the market-based conditions
are satisfied as specified in the vesting conditions. Unlike the performance-based awards, the grant date fair value and associated compensation
cost of the market-based awards reflect the probability of the market condition being achieved, and the Company will recognize this compensation
cost regardless of the actual achievement of the market condition. Assumptions utilized in connection with the Monte Carlo valuation
technique included: estimated risk-free interest rate of percent; term of years; expected volatility of percent; and expected
dividend yield of percent. The risk-free interest rate was determined based on the yields available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues.
The expected stock price volatility was determined using historical volatility. The expected dividend yield was based on expectations
regarding dividend payments. The total grant date fair value of the market-based awards was . 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

In
May 2022, the Company approved amendments to vesting conditions of 
 performance-based and 
 market-based awards of certain executive officers
and employees. The performance-based awards were modified such that the stock awards will be eligible to vest as follows: (i) 
will vest on December 31, 2023 if the Company achieves LCD reimbursement for VitaGraft (formerly VitaGraft Transplant Monitor)
for one organ no later than December 31, 2022 and (ii) 
will vest on December 31, 2023 if DetermaIO or DetermaCNI (formerly VitaGraft - CNI Monitor) submission
for LCD is completed no later than December 31, 2022. Additional performance-based RSU awards were modified to be eligible to vest upon
the achievement by The
market-based RSU awards were modified such that the awards will be eligible to vest upon the achievement of product commercial launch
minimum, target, and maximum goals as follows: (i) 1 laboratory test product in the US; (ii) 2 laboratory test products in US, and (iii)
3 laboratory test products in the US, respectively. 

In
accordance with ASC 718, the Company calculated the fair value of the market-based awards on the date of modification, noting an increase
in the fair value of approximately on the date of modification, with the incremental increase in fair value representing additional
unrecognized stock-based compensation expense. The following assumptions were used in calculating the fair value of the market-based
options on the date of modification: 

Expected term (in years) 

Volatility 

Grant date fair value of awards granted during the period 

In
July 2022, the Company approved amendments to vesting conditions of performance-based awards of certain executive officers and
employees. Certain performance-based awards were modified such that the stock awards will be eligible to vest as follows: (i) fifty percent of the options will vest on December 31, 2023 (the Vesting Date ), subject to Continuous Service through the Vesting
Date, if local coverage determination is issued and priced for VitaGraft (Transplant) with respect to one organ no later than December
31, 2022; and (ii) fifty percent of the options will vest on the Vesting Date, subject to Continuous Service through the Vesting
Date, if the Company submits a local coverage determination request for DetermaIO or DetermaCNI no later than December 31, 2022. Additional
performance-based stock awards were modified to be eligible to vest upon These same awards contained budget performance goals which were modified to be eligible to vest upon the achievement of performance
minimum, target, and maximum goals of (i) complete fiscal year 2022 with sufficient cash to continue operations for 12 months; (ii) complete
fiscal year 2022 with sufficient cash to continue operations for 15 months; and (iii) complete fiscal year 2022 with sufficient cash
to continue operations for 16 months, respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022, 
 . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company accelerated the vesting of certain equity awards in accordance with the 2018 Incentive
Plan after the departure of officers of the Company and the adoption of the workforce reduction plan. Due to the acceleration of such
awards all associated unrecognized compensation was accelerated and recognized in full. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Options exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options forfeited, canceled and expired 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 
 - 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022, shares of common stock were reserved under the 2018 Incentive Plan for the grant of stock options or
the sale of restricted stock or for the settlement of hypothetical units issued with reference to common stock RSUs ).
Oncocyte may also grant stock appreciation rights under the 2018 Incentive Plan. 

RSUs vested 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 RSUs granted 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Performance RSUs granted 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Performance RSUs vested 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Options granted 

- 

Options exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options forfeited/cancelled 

- 

RSUs forfeited/cancelled 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Discontinued operations 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Risk-free interest rates 

Volatility 

Dividend yield 

The
determination of stock-based compensation is inherently uncertain and subjective and involves the application of valuation models and
assumptions requiring the use of judgment. If Oncocyte had made different assumptions, its stock-based compensation expense and net loss
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 may have been significantly different. 

Oncocyte
does not recognize deferred income taxes for incentive stock option compensation expense and records a tax deduction only when a disqualified
disposition has occurred. 

Licensing 

Discontinued operations 

Total 

- 

Pharma services - Company B 

- 

Pharma services - Company C 

- 

Pharma services Other 

Licensing - Company A 

- 

Outside of the United States Pharma Services 

Outside of the United States Licensing 
 - 

Discontinued operations Outside of the United States - Licensing 

Discontinued operations United States - DetermaRx 

Total 

The
total consolidated accounts receivables, from third-party payers and other customers outstanding as of December 31, 2022 from continuing
operations are mainly related to Pharma Services. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million of net operating losses in
the United States and thousand of net operating income internationally. In 2021, the Company incurred million of net operating
losses in the United States and thousand of net operating loss internationally. 

A
deferred income tax benefit of 0 and million million federal and million state) was recorded for the years ended December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Oncocyte has filed standalone U.S. federal income tax returns since its inception and will
file a consolidated return with its subsidiaries for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 

Research and development credit carryforwards 

Marketable equity securities 

Stock-based and other compensation 

Right-of-use liability 

Razor Investment (1) 
 
 - 
 
 Capitalized R D (2) 
 
 - 
 
 Other 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Right-of-use asset 

Intangibles and fixed assets 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

(1) 

(2) 

In
connection with the Merger discussed in Note 3 and in accordance with ASC 805, a change in the acquirer s valuation allowance that
stems from a business combination should be recognized as an element of the acquirer s income tax expense or benefit in the period
of the acquisition. Accordingly, for the year ended December 31, 2021, Oncocyte recorded a million partial release of its valuation
allowance and a corresponding income tax benefit stemming from the DTLs generated by the IPR D and customer relationships intangible
assets acquired in the Merger. 

Income taxes differed from the
amounts computed by applying the applicable U.S. federal income tax rates indicated to pretax losses from operations as a result of the
following: 

Permanent differences 

State tax benefit 

Research and development credits 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value consideration 

Change in valuation allowance 

Goodwill impairment 
 
 - 
 
 Income tax benefit percentage 
 - 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

As
of December 31, 2022, Oncocyte had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 
 million for U.S. federal income tax purposes
and 
 million for state income tax purposes. Federal
net operating losses generated on or prior to December 31, 2017 expire in varying amounts , while federal net operating losses
generated after December 31, 2017 carryforward indefinitely. The state net operating losses expire in varying amounts . 

As
of December 31, 2022, Oncocyte has research and development credit carryforwards for federal and state purposes of million and 
million, respectively. The federal credits will expire , while the state credits have no expiration. 

A
valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Other
than the partial release discussed above, Oncocyte established a full valuation allowance for all periods presented due to the uncertainty
of realizing future tax benefits from its net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets. The change in the valuation
allowance was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Oncocyte
has uncertain tax benefits UTBs totaling million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
which were netted against deferred tax assets subject to valuation allowance as shown below. The UTBs had no effect on the effective
tax rate and there would be no cash tax impact for any period presented. Oncocyte recognizes interest and penalties related to UTBs,
when they occur, as a component of income tax expense. There were interest or penalties recognized for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021. In 2021, Oncocyte received approval for its petition for alternative apportionment in California by the Franchise Tax
Board. As a result, Oncocyte has derecognized its uncertain tax position of million in 2021. There is no financial statement impact
as the uncertain tax positions were previously offset against Oncocyte s California net operating losses, which would otherwise
have a full valuation allowance. Oncocyte does not expect its UTBs to change significantly over the next twelve months. 

Additions based on tax positions related to current year 

Adjustments based on tax positions related to prior years 
 - 
 - 
 
 Settlements 
 - 

Balance at end of year 

Other
Income Tax Matters 

California has similar rules. Generally, after a change in control, a loss corporation cannot deduct NOL carryforwards in
excess of the Section 382 Limitation. Due to these change in ownership provisions, utilization of the NOL and tax credit
carryforwards may be subject to an annual limitation regarding their utilization against taxable income in future periods. 

In
general, Oncocyte is no longer subject to tax examination by the Internal Revenue Service or state taxing authorities for years
before 2017. Although the federal and state statutes are closed for purposes of assessing additional income tax in those prior
years, the taxing authorities may still make adjustments to the NOL and credit carryforwards used in open years. Therefore, the tax
statutes should be considered open as it relates to the NOL and credit carryforwards used in open years. For tax years that remain
open to examination, potential examinations may include questioning of the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income
among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with the Internal Revenue Code or state tax laws. Oncocyte s management does
not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Machinery and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Right-of-use assets, machinery and equipment, net 

Construction in progress 

Right-of-use assets, machinery and equipment, net, and construction in progress from continuing operations 

Right-of-use assets, machinery and equipment, net, and construction in progress from discontinuing operations 

Right-of-use assets, machinery and equipment, net, and construction in progress 

(1) 

Depreciation
expense included in continuing operations amounted to approximately 
million and 
million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

square feet of rentable space located at 15 Cushing in Irvine California (the Premises that will serve as Oncocyte s
new principal executive and administrative offices and laboratory facility. Oncocyte completed the relocation of its offices to the Premises
in January 2020. Oncocyte has constructed a laboratory at the Irvine facility to perform cancer diagnostic tests. 

The
Irvine Lease has an initial term of 89 calendar months (the Term ), which commenced on June 1, 2020 (the Commencement
Date ). Oncocyte has an option to extend the Term for a period of five years (the Extended Term ). 

Oncocyte
will pay base monthly rent in the amount of during the first 12 months of the Term. Base monthly rent will increase annually,
over the base monthly rent then in effect, by . Oncocyte will be entitled to an abatement of of the base monthly rent during
the first ten calendar months of the Term. If the Lease is terminated based on the occurrence of an event of default, Oncocyte
will be obligated to pay the abated rent to the lessor. 

If
Oncocyte exercises its option to extend the Term, the initial base monthly rent during the Extended Term will be the greater of the base
monthly rent in effect during the last year of the Term or the prevailing market rate. The prevailing market rate will be determined
based on annual rental rates per square foot for comparable space in the area where the Premises are located. If Oncocyte does not agree
with the prevailing market rate proposed by the lessor, the rate may be determined through an appraisal process. The base monthly rent
during the Extended Term shall be subject to the same annual rent adjustment as applicable for base monthly rent during the Term. 

In
addition to base monthly rent, Oncocyte will pay in monthly installments (a) all costs and expenses, other than certain excluded expenses,
incurred by the lessor in each calendar year in connection with operating, maintaining, repairing (including replacements if repairs
are not feasible or would not be effective) and managing the Premises and the building in which the Premises are located Expenses ),
and (b) all real estate taxes and assessments on the Premises and the building in which the Premises are located, all personal property
taxes for property that is owned by Landlord and used in connection with the operation, maintenance and repair of the Premises, and costs
and fees incurred in connection with seeking reductions in such tax liabilities Taxes ). Subject to certain exceptions,
Expenses shall not be increased by more than 4 annually on a cumulative, compounded basis. 

Oncocyte
was entitled to an abatement of its obligations to pay Expenses and Taxes while constructing improvements to the Premises constituting
 Tenant s Work under the Lease prior to the Commencement Date, except that Oncocyte was obligated to pay of
Expenses and Taxes during the period prior to the Commencement Date for its use of the second floor of the Premises, which was already
built out as office space. 

The
lessor has agreed to provide Oncocyte with a Tenant Improvement Allowance in the amount of million to pay for the
plan, design, permitting, and construction of the improvements constituting Tenant s Work. The lessor shall be entitled to retain
 of the Tenant Improvement Allowance as an administrative fee. As of December 31, 2021, the lessor had provided million of the
total Tenant Improvement Allowance. 

Oncocyte
has provided the lessor with a security deposit in the amount of and a letter of credit in the amount of million. The lessor
may apply the security deposit, in whole or in part, for the payment of rent and any other amount that Oncocyte is or becomes obligated
to pay under the Irvine Lease but fails to pay when due and beyond any cure period. The lessor may draw on the letter of credit from
time to time to pay any amount that is unpaid and due, or if the original issuing bank notifies the lessor that the letter of credit
will not be renewed or extended for the period required under the Irvine Lease and Oncocyte fails to timely provide a replacement letter
of credit, or an event of default under the Irvine Lease occurs and continues beyond the applicable cure period, or if certain insolvency
or bankruptcy or insolvency with respect to Oncocyte occur. Oncocyte is required to restore any portion of the security deposit that
is applied by the lessor to payments due under the Lease, and Oncocyte is required to restore the amount available under the letter of
credit to the required amount if any portion of the letter of credit is drawn by the lessor. Commencing on the 34th month of the Term,
(a) the amount of the letter of credit that Oncocyte is required to maintain shall be reduced on a monthly basis, in equal installments,
to amortize the required amount to zero at the end of the Term, and (b) Oncocyte will have the right to cancel the letter of credit at
any time if it meets certain market capitalization and balance sheet thresholds; provided, in each case, that Oncocyte is not in then
default under the Lease beyond any applicable notice and cure period and the lessor has not determined that an event exists that would
lead to an event of default. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

To
obtain the letter of credit, Oncocyte has provided the issuing bank with a restricted cash deposit that the bank will hold to cover its
obligation to pay any draws on the letter of credit by the lessor. The restricted cash may not be used for any other purpose. 

On
August 27, 2021, Oncocyte entered into a lease agreement to add an additional suite to its Nashville office space, containing approximately
 square feet of rentable space located at 2 International Plaza, Suite 103, Nashville TN. The term of the lease commences on October
1, 2021 and extends through April 9, 2024 and will serve as additional office space for Insight Genetics operations. 

The
Irvine Lease is an operating lease under ASC 842 included in the tables below. The tables below provide the amounts recorded in connection
with the application of ASC 842 as of, and during, the year ended December 31, 2022, for Oncocyte s operating and financing leases
(see Note 2). 

Under
the Laboratory Agreement discussed in Note 3, Oncocyte assumed all of Razor s Laboratory Agreement payment obligations. Although
Oncocyte is not a party to any lease agreement with Razor or Encore, under the terms of the Laboratory Agreement, Oncocyte received the
landlord s consent for the use of the laboratory at Razor s Brisbane, California location (the Brisbane Facility under the terms of a sublease to which Encore is the sublessee. The sublease expires on March 31, 2023 (the Brisbane Lease ).
The laboratory fee payments to Encore include both laboratory services and the use of the Brisbane Facility. Under the provisions of
the Laboratory Agreement, if Oncocyte terminates the Laboratory Agreement prior to the expiration of the Brisbane Lease, Oncocyte shall
assume the costs related to the subletting or early termination of the Brisbane Lease. If the Laboratory Agreement were to be terminated
on December 31, 2022, the aggregate payments due to the landlord for early cancellation of the Brisbane Lease would be approximately
 (aggregate payments from January 1, 2023 through March 31, 2023). Oncocyte determined that the Laboratory Agreement contains
an embedded operating lease for the Brisbane Facility and Oncocyte allocated the aggregate payments to this lease component for purposes
of calculating the net present value of the right-of-use asset and liability as of the inception of the Laboratory Agreement in accordance
with ASC 842, as shown in the table below. 

Financing
lease 

As
of December 31, 2022, Oncocyte has one financing lease remaining through December 2023 for certain laboratory equipment with aggregate
remaining payments of shown in the table below. 

Operating
and Financing leases 

Operating cash flows from financing leases 

Financing cash flows from financing leases 

Right-of-use lease liabilities, current 

Right-of-use lease liabilities, noncurrent 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Financing lease 

Machinery and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

Machinery and equipment, net 

Current liabilities 

Noncurrent liabilities 
 - 
 
 Total financing lease liabilities 

Weighted average remaining lease term 

Operating lease 
 years 
 
 Financing lease 
 years 

Weighted average discount rate 

Operating lease 

Financing lease 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2024 
 
 - 
 
 2025 
 
 - 
 
 2026 
 
 - 
 
 2027 
 
 - 
 
 Total minimum lease payments 

Less amounts representing interest 

Present value of net minimum lease payments 

Litigation
 General 

Oncocyte
will be subject to various claims and contingencies in the ordinary course of its business, including those related to litigation, business
transactions, employee-related matters, and other matters. When Oncocyte is aware of a claim or potential claim, it assesses the likelihood
of any loss or exposure. If it is probable that a loss will result and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated, Oncocyte will
record a liability for the loss. If the loss is not probable or the amount of the loss cannot be reasonably estimated, Oncocyte discloses
the claim if the likelihood of a potential loss is reasonably possible and the amount involved could be material. 

Tax
Filings 

Oncocyte
tax filings are subject to audit by taxing authorities in jurisdictions where it conducts business. These audits may result in assessments
of additional taxes that are subsequently resolved with the authorities or potentially through the courts. Management believes Oncocyte
has adequately provided for any ultimate amounts that are likely to result from these audits; however, final assessments, if any, could
be significantly different than the amounts recorded in the consolidated financial statements. 

Employment
Contracts 

Oncocyte
has entered into employment and severance benefit contracts with certain executive officers. Under the provisions of the contracts, Oncocyte
may be required to incur severance obligations for matters relating to changes in control, as defined, and certain terminations of executives.
As of December 31, 2022, Oncocyte accrued approximately million in severance obligations for certain executive officers, in accordance
with the severance benefit provisions of their respective employment, and severance benefit agreements, related to Oncocyte s acquisition
of Chronix Biomedical Inc. in 2021. 

Indemnification 

In
the normal course of business, Oncocyte may provide indemnification of varying scope under Oncocyte s agreements with other companies
or consultants, typically Oncocyte s clinical research organizations, investigators, clinical sites, suppliers and others. Pursuant
to these agreements, Oncocyte will generally agree to indemnify, hold harmless, and reimburse the indemnified parties for losses and
expenses suffered or incurred by the indemnified parties arising from claims of third parties in connection with the use or testing of
Oncocyte s diagnostic tests. Indemnification provisions could also cover third party infringement claims with respect to patent
rights, copyrights, or other intellectual property pertaining to Oncocyte s diagnostic tests. Oncocyte s office and laboratory
facility leases also will generally contain indemnification obligations, including obligations for indemnification of the lessor for
environmental law matters and injuries to persons or property of others, arising from Oncocyte s use or occupancy of the leased
property. The term of these indemnification agreements will generally continue in effect after the termination or expiration of the particular
research, development, services, lease, or license agreement to which they relate. The Purchase Agreement also contains provisions under
which Oncocyte has agreed to indemnify Razor and Encore from losses and expenses resulting from breaches or inaccuracy of Oncocyte s
representations and warranties and breaches or nonfulfillment of Oncocyte s covenants, agreements, and obligations under the Purchase
Agreement. The potential future payments Oncocyte could be required to make under these indemnification agreements will generally not
be subject to any specified maximum amounts. Historically, Oncocyte has not been subject to any claims or demands for indemnification.
Oncocyte also maintains various liability insurance policies that limit Oncocyte s financial exposure. As a result, Oncocyte management
believes that the fair value of these indemnification agreements is minimal. Accordingly, Oncocyte has not recorded any liabilities for
these agreements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million
related to employee severance and benefits costs in connection with its reductions in force during fiscal year 2022. 

shares of common stock, no par value, at an offering price of per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 
million. The price per share was the average of the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE American for the five trading days
prior to the date on which we and the investors executed the Subscription Agreements. Oncocyte did not pay any fees or commissions to
broker-dealers or any finder s fees, nor did it issue any stock purchase warrants, in connection with the offer and sale of the
shares. The investors included Broadwood Partners, L.P., the Company s largest shareholder, and certain investment funds and accounts
managed by Pura Vida Investments, LLC Pura Vida ). 

On
February 9, 2021, Oncocyte completed an underwritten public offering of shares of common stock at a public offering price of
 per share, before underwriting discounts and commissions (the 2021 Offering ). Oncocyte received aggregate net proceeds
of approximately million, after deducting commissions, discounts and estimated expenses related to the 2021 Offering. Broadwood
purchased shares in the 2021 Offering. 

On
September 23, 2021, Oncocyte entered into a Warrant Exercise Agreement with Broadwood, pursuant to which (i) Oncocyte agreed to reduce
the exercise price of a common stock warrant held by Broadwood to purchase up to shares of common stock from per share
to per share; and (ii) Broadwood agreed to exercise the common stock warrant in full on or prior to December 31, 2021. Shortly
after executing the Warrant Exercise Agreement, Broadwood exercised the common stock warrant in full and received shares in exchange
for payment to Oncocyte of . 

On
April 13, 2022, Oncocyte entered into the Securities Purchase Agreement with Investors, including Broadwood and John Peter Gutfreund,
a director of Oncocyte, for the Series A Preferred Stock Offering. Each of Broadwood and Mr. Gutfreund has a direct material interest
in the Series A Preferred Stock Offering and agreed to purchase and shares, respectively, in the Series A Preferred
Stock Offering and on the same terms as other investors. Additionally, Halle Capital Management, L.P. received from the Company
as reimbursement for its legal fees and expenses. Mr. Gutfreund is the Managing Partner of Halle Capital Management, L.P. See Note 15
for additional information about the Series A Preferred Stock Offering. 

Further,
on April 13, 2022, Oncocyte entered into the Underwriting Agreement with the Underwriters for the Underwritten Offering. Pursuant to
the Underwritten Offering, Broadwood acquired from us (i) shares of common stock, and (ii) April 2022 Warrants to
purchase up to shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. However, the total number of shares of common
stock that Broadwood purchased in the Underwritten Offering was , of which existing shares were acquired by the underwriters
in the open market and re-sold to Broadwood. Pura Vida acquired from us (i) shares of common stock, and (ii) April
2022 Warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock. However, the total number of shares of common stock that Pura Vida
purchased in the Underwritten Offering was , of which existing shares were acquired by the underwriters in the open
market and re-sold to Pura Vida. Halle Special Situations Fund LLC purchased from us (i) shares of common stock, and (ii) 
2022 Warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock. Mr. Gutfreund is the investment manager and a control person of Halle
Capital Partners GP LLC, the managing member of Halle Special Situations Fund LLC. However, the total number of shares of common stock
that Halle Special Situations Fund LLC purchased in the Underwritten was , of which existing shares were acquired by
the underwriters in the open market and re-sold to Halle Special Situations Fund LLC. See Note 15 for additional information about the
Underwritten Offering. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million secured credit facility Tranche
1 ), a portion of which was used to repay the remaining balance of approximately on outstanding loans from the Bank, plus
a final payment of , under the February 21, 2017 Loan Agreement. The credit line under the Amended Loan Agreement may be increased
by an additional million Tranche 2 if Oncocyte obtains at least million of additional equity capital, as was the
case with the original Loan Agreement, and a positive final coverage determination is received from CMS for DetermaRx at
a specified minimum price point per test (the Tranche 2 Milestone ), and Oncocyte is not in default under the Amended Loan
Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, Oncocyte had satisfied the Tranche 2 Milestone, however, did t borrow any funds under Tranche 2. 

Payments
of interest only on the principal balance were due monthly from the draw date through March 31, 2020, followed by 24 monthly
payments of principal and interest, but the Bank agreed to a deferral of principal payments, as discussed below. The outstanding
principal balance of the loan bore interest at a stated floating annual interest equal to the greater of (a) the prime rate or (b) 
per annum. During August 2022, period in which the loan was paid of, the published prime rate was 
per annum. 

On
April 2, 2020, as part of the Bank s COVID-19 pandemic relief program, Oncocyte and the Bank entered into a Loan Deferral Agreement Loan Deferral with respect to the Amended Loan Agreement. No
other terms of the Amended Loan Agreement were changed or modified. 

At
maturity of the loan, Oncocyte agreed to pay the Bank an additional final payment fee of , which was recorded as a deferred financing
charge in October 2019 and is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the loan using the effective interest method. As of
December 31, 2022, there is no remaining unamortized deferred financing cost and the full principal balance of the loan in addition to
the final payment fee have been paid off. 

Bank
Warrants 

In
2017, in connection with the Loan Agreement, Oncocyte issued common stock purchase warrants to the Bank (the 2017 Bank Warrants entitling the Bank to purchase shares of Oncocyte common stock in tranches related to the loan tranches under the Loan Agreement. In
conjunction with the availability of the loan, the Bank was issued warrants to purchase shares of Oncocyte common stock at an exercise
price of per share, through February 21, 2027. On March 23, 2017, the Bank was issued warrants to purchase an additional 
shares at an exercise price of per share, through March 23, 2027. The Bank may elect to exercise the 2017 Bank Warrants on a cashless
exercise basis and receive a number of shares determined by multiplying the number of shares for which the applicable tranche
is being exercised by (A) the excess of the fair market value of the common stock over the applicable exercise price, divided by (B)
the fair market value of the common stock. The fair market value of the common stock will be the last closing or sale price on a national
securities exchange, interdealer quotation system, or over-the-counter market. 

On
October 17, 2019, in conjunction with Tranche 1 becoming available under the Amended Loan Agreement, Oncocyte issued a common stock purchase
warrant to the Bank (the 2019 Bank Warrant entitling the Bank to purchase shares of Oncocyte common stock at the
initial Warrant Price of per share through October 17, 2029. The number of shares of common stock issuable upon the
exercise of the 2019 Bank Warrant will increase on the date of each draw, if any, on Tranche 2. The number of additional shares of common
stock issuable upon the exercise of the 2019 Bank Warrant will be equal to of Oncocyte s fully diluted equity outstanding
for each million draw under Tranche 2. The Warrant Price for Tranche 2 warrant shares will be determined upon each draw of Tranche
2 funds and will be closing price of Oncocyte common stock on the NYSE American or other applicable market on the date immediately before
the applicable date on which Oncocyte borrows funds under Tranche 2. The Bank may elect to exercise the 2019 Bank Warrant on a cashless
exercise basis and receive a number of shares determined by multiplying the number of shares for which the 2019 Bank Warrant is
being exercised by (A) the excess of the fair market value of the common stock over the applicable Warrant Price, divided by (B) the
fair market value of the common stock. The fair market value of the common stock will be last closing or sale price on a national securities
exchange, interdealer quotation system, or over-the-counter market. As of December 31, 2022, Oncocyte has not borrowed any funds under
Tranche 2. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Exclusivity 

During
the term of the LTC Agreement, (a) LTC will not enter into any agreement or arrangement with any third party with respect to the development
or commercialization of OCA Plus on the Genexus system in the field of distributed IVD assay kits for the tumor profiling of and guidance
of therapy selection for solid tumor cancers in humans (the LTC Field in the LTC Product Territory, (b) Oncocyte will
not partner with any third-party NGS equipment manufacturer with respect to the development and commercialization of a comprehensive
genomic profiling assay on an instrument platform similar to or competitive with LTC s NGS systems in the LTC Field in the LTC
Product Territory, and (c) LTC will not develop, market or sell a new panel or other substantially similar comprehensive genomic profiling
assay that would compete with the Collaboration LTC Product in the LTC Field in the LTC Product Territory on the Genexus system. 

Manufacturing 

LTC
is responsible for the manufacture and supply of all OCA Plus assays and Collaboration LTC products, among other consumables and reagents
required for the development of the Collaboration LTC Product. LTC will supply Oncocyte all consumables and reagents necessary for use
in developing the Collaboration LTC Product pursuant to the LTC product development plan. 

In
addition, following the effective date of the LTC Agreement, the Parties will negotiate in good faith a supply agreement pursuant to
which LTC will supply Oncocyte with the Collaboration Determa Products for commercialization in the United States. LTC will also supply
Oncocyte with all Genexus instruments, consumables and reagents, necessary for use in developing Collaboration Determa Products pursuant
to the Determa product development plan. 

Term;
Termination 

Unless
earlier terminated as described in the LTC Agreement, the LTC Agreement will remain in effect until December 31, 2035. The LTC Agreement
may be (i) terminated for cause by either Party based on any uncured material breach or insolvency by the other Party, and (ii) terminated
by either Party with respect to specific termination events occurring for either the Collaboration LTC products or the Collaboration
Determa Products, including but not limited to, the failure to achieve certain milestones and failure to agree to initial development
or commercialization plans for the Collaboration Determa Product. If LTC fails to meet its certain product development milestones, the
term of the LTC Agreement shall be extended on a proportionate basis. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company owned 10 Genexus Integrated Sequencers and 10 Genexus Purification Instruments in connection with submission
of an initial PO of million by February 11, 2022. The Company may submit a second PO of million for 15 Genexus Integrated Sequencers
and 15 Genexus Purification Instruments by March 1, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had received all Genexus systems valued
at million for the initial purchase order. 

As
of December 31, 2022, LTC has incurred in development costs associated with LTC activities under the total LTC million product
development budget that the Company is responsible for reimbursement. 

On
February 7, 2023, Oncocyte entered into a Termination Agreement (the Termination Agreement with LTC, pursuant to which
the parties terminated the LTC Agreement. 

shares of our Series A Preferred Stock, which shares of Series A Preferred Stock are convertible into a total of 
shares of our common stock, at a conversion price of . The purchase price of each share of Series A Preferred Stock was , which
included an original issue discount to the stated value of per share. The rights, preferences and privileges of the Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock are set forth in the Company s Certificate of Determination, which the Company filed with the Secretary of State
of the State of California. The Securities Purchase Agreement provides that the closing of the Series A Preferred Stock Offering will
occur, subject to the satisfactory of certain closing conditions, in two equal tranches of each for aggregate gross proceeds
from both closings of . The first closing occurred on June 1, 2022, and Oncocyte received net proceeds of approximately 
million from the Series A Preferred Stock issued from the first tranche. The second closing would occur, subject to the satisfactory
of certain closing conditions (including but not limited to a requirement that the Company has not received, in the 12 months preceding
the second closing, a notice from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq that the Company is not in compliance with the listing
and maintenance and listing requirements of Nasdaq), on the earlier of (a) the second trading day following the date that Oncocyte receives
notice from an Investor to accelerate the second closing and (b) a date selected by Oncocyte on or after October 8, 2022 and on or prior
to March 8, 2023. On August 9, 2022, Oncocyte received a letter from Nasdaq indicating that the Company no longer meets the minimum bid
price requirement of Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1) of the Nasdaq continued listing requirements. Accordingly as of December 31, 2022,
no additional proceeds are expected from the second closing of the Security Purchase Agreement. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of common stock at any time at the holder s option. The conversion price will
be subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments for matters such as stock splits, stock dividends and other distributions on common
stock, and recapitalizations. The holder will be prohibited from converting shares of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of common
stock if, as a result of such conversion, the holder, together with its affiliates, would own more than 4.99 of the shares of common
stock then issued and outstanding (provided a holder may elect, at the first closing, to increase such beneficial ownership limitation
solely as to itself up to 19.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the conversion, provided further that following the receipt of shareholder approval required by applicable Nasdaq rules with respect
to the issuance of common stock that would exceed the beneficial ownership limitation, such beneficial ownership limitation will no longer
apply to the holder if the holder notified the Company that the holder wishes the Company to seek such shareholder approval). On July
15, 2022, the Company received such shareholder approval to remove the beneficial ownership limitation with respect to the Series A Preferred
Stock held by Broadwood Partners, L.P.
Oncocyte may force the conversion of up to one-third of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock originally issued, subject to customary
equity conditions, of the conversion price and on 20 out of the same 30 trading days the daily trading volume equals or exceeds 400,000 shares of our common stock. Oncocyte may only effect one forced conversion during any 30-trading day period. 

In
the event of the Company s liquidation, dissolution, or winding up, holders of Series A Preferred Stock will receive a payment
equal to the stated value of the Series A Preferred Stock plus accrued but unpaid dividends and any other amounts that may have become
payable on the Series A Preferred Stock due to any failure or delay that may have occurred in issuing shares of common stock upon conversion
of a portion of the Series A Preferred Stock, before any distribution or payment to the holders of common stock or any of Oncocyte s
other junior equity. 

Shares
of Series A Preferred Stock generally has no voting rights, except as required by law and except that the consent of holders of a majority
of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock will be required to amend any provision of our certificate of incorporation that would have
a materially adverse effect on the rights of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock. Additionally, as long as any shares of Series
A Preferred Stock remain outstanding, unless the holders of at least of the then outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall
have otherwise given prior written consent, the Company, on a consolidated basis with its subsidiaries, is not permitted to (1) have
less than million of unrestricted, unencumbered cash on hand Cash Minimum Requirement (2) other than certain permitted
indebtedness, incur indebtedness to the extent that our aggregate indebtedness exceeds million; (3) enter into any agreement (including
any indenture, credit agreement or other debt instrument) that by its terms prohibits, prevents, or otherwise limits our ability to pay
dividends on, or redeem, the Series A Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Determination; or (4) authorize
or issue any class or series of preferred stock or other capital stock of the Company that ranks senior or pari passu with the Series
A Preferred Stock. 

Shares
of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive cumulative dividends at a rate per share (as a percentage of stated value) of
6 per annum, payable quarterly in cash or, at our option, by accreting such dividends to the stated value. 

The
Company is required to redeem, for cash, the shares of Series A Preferred Stock on the earlier to occur of (1) April 8, 2024, (2) the
commencement of certain a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, receivership, or similar proceedings against us or our assets, (3) a Change
of Control Transaction (as defined herein) and (4) at the election and upon notice of 51 in interest of the holders, if the Company
fails to meet the Cash Minimum Requirement. A Change of Control Transaction means the occurrence of any of (a) an acquisition
by an individual or legal entity or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of effective
control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of 
of the voting securities of the Company (other than by means of conversion of Series A Preferred Stock), (b) the Company merges into
or consolidates with any other person, or any person merges into or consolidates with the Company and, after giving effect to such transaction,
the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than of the aggregate voting power of the Company
or the successor entity of such transaction, or (c) the Company sells or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another
person. Additionally, the Company has the right to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock for cash upon 30 days prior notice to the holders;
provided if the Company undertakes a capital raise in connection with such redemption, the Investors will have the right to participate
in such financing. 

The
issuance and sale of the Series A Preferred Stock was completed pursuant to the Company s effective shelf registration statement
on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-256650), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 28, 2021 and declared effective by
the SEC on June 8, 2021, and an accompanying prospectus dated June 8, 2021 as supplemented by a prospectus supplement dated April 13,
2022. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
Series A Preferred Stock dividend for all issued and outstanding shares is set at per annum per share. As of December 31, 2022, the
Company elected to accrete dividends of , with respect to shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022, Oncocyte had 
 shares issued and outstanding. The future right
or obligation associated with the Series A Preferred Stock to be issued in the second closing was written off since the second closing
is not expected as of December 31, 2022. 

Underwritten
Offering 

On
April 13, 2022, Oncocyte entered into the Underwriting Agreement with the Underwriters, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue
and sell to the Underwriters an aggregate of shares of common stock and April 2022 Warrants to purchase up to 
shares of common stock. Each share of common stock and the accompanying April 2022 Warrant was sold at a combined offering price of ,
representing an offering price of per share of common stock and per accompanying April 2022 Warrant, before underwriting
discounts and commissions. 

Under
the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the Company also granted to the Underwriters an over-allotment option, exercisable in whole
or in part at any time for a period of 30 days from the date of the Underwriting Agreement, to purchase up to an additional 
shares of common stock and April 2022 Warrants to purchase shares of common stock to cover over-allotments, if any.
The over-allotment option may be exercised separately for shares of common stock at a price to the underwriters of per share,
and April 2022 Warrants at a price of per April 2022 Warrant. On April 14, 2022, the Underwriters exercised their option to purchase
the April 2022 Warrants pursuant to the over-allotment option but did not exercise their option to purchase the additional
 shares of common stock. 

The
Company received net proceeds of approximately million from the Underwritten Offering, which includes the April 2022 Warrants sold
upon the exercise of the Underwriters overallotment option. The Underwritten Offering closed on April 19, 2022. 

The
Underwritten Offering was made pursuant to the Company s effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration
No. 333-256650) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 28, 2021 and declared effective by the SEC on June 8, 2021,
and an accompanying prospectus dated June 8, 2021 as supplemented by a prospectus supplement dated April 13, 2022. 

shares of common stock of Razor, which constitutes
approximately 
 of the issued and outstanding equity interests
of Razor on a fully-diluted basis. The Razor Stock Purchase Agreement provides that following the closing of the transaction, Oncocyte
will own 
 shares of common stock of Razor, which will constitute
approximately 
 of the issued and outstanding equity interests
of Razor on a fully-diluted basis. The transfer involves the transfer of all the assets and liabilities related to DetermaRx. Other than
the exchange of shares, the Agreement includes purchase of furniture, fixtures, and equipment by the buyer for a cash consideration of
 . Upon closing of the sale, the Company will deconsolidate the assets and liabilities of Razor as control of the Razor entity
will transfer to Dragon. 

As of December
31, 2022, Razor met the held for sale criteria and is reflected as a discontinued operation in the consolidated financial statements for all
periods presented. Additionally, the related assets and liabilities have been reported as assets and liabilities held for sale in
the Company s consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Because
the carrying value of the net assets of Razor exceeded the net proceeds included in the Agreement, we determined that Razor s
held for sale net assets had been impaired. After performing quantitative testing, in which we used the consideration of 
million as the fair value of the underlying net assets, we recorded a million
impairment of the net assets. The impairment loss has been included in the results of discontinued operations in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements. 

The
Company s balance sheets and consolidated statements of operations report discontinued operations separate from continuing operations.
Our consolidated statements of comprehensive income, statement of equity and statements of cash flows combined continuing and discontinued
operations. A summary of financial information related to the Company s discontinued operations is as follows. 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Cost of revenues 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Loss from impairment of held for sale assets 
 
 - 
 
 Net loss from discontinued operations 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Machinery and equipment, net, and construction in progress 
 
 - 
 
 Intangible assets, net 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of held for sale assets 
 
 - 
 
 Total current assets of disposal group held for sale 

Machinery and equipment, net, and construction in progress 
 - 

Intangible assets, net 
 - 

Total assets of disposal group held for sale 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities of disposal group held for sale 

The following table summarizes cash used related to Razor as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
(in thousands): 

Year Ended 

 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Net cash used in investing activities 

ONCOCYTE
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of common stock of the Company s wholly owned subsidiary Razor, which constitutes approximately 
of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Razor on a fully diluted basis, pursuant to the Razor Stock Purchase Agreement
(the SPA with Dragon and Razor. 

In
connection with the Razor Closing, Oncocyte transferred to Razor all of the assets and liabilities related to DetermaRx. While no monetary
consideration was received for the sale of of the equity interests of Razor, the transaction allows the Company to eliminate all
development and commercialization costs with respect to DetermaRx. Following the Razor Closing, Oncocyte continues to own shares
of common stock of Razor, which constitutes approximately of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Razor on a fully-diluted
basis. See Note 16 for more details. 

As part of the SPA, the Company entered in a Bill of Sale to transfer certain assets as consideration for these assets,
the Company will receive a one time cash payment of . 

Chronix
Biomedical, Inc. Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger 

On
February 8, 2023, Oncocyte and the party named as equity holder representative in the Chronix Merger Agreement entered into
Amendment No. 1 to the Chronix Merger Agreement (the Chronix Amendment ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to amend
the terms of the Chronix Contingent Consideration such that (i) Chronix s equity holders will be paid earnout consideration of 
of net collections for sales of specified tests and products, until the expiration of intellectual property related to such tests
and products, (ii) Chronix s equity holders will be paid 
of the gross proceeds received from any sale of all or substantially all of the rights, titles, and interests in and to
Chronix s patents for use in transplantation medicine to such third party, and (iii) obligations related to the Chronix
Milestone Payments, Royalty Payments and Transplant Sale Payments were eliminated. 

Termination
of Co-Development Agreement with Life Technologies Corporation 

On
February 7, 2023, Oncocyte entered into the Termination Agreement with LTC, pursuant to which the Parties terminated the LTC
Agreement, by and between Oncocyte and LTC. 

Public Offering of
Common Stock 

On
April 3, 2023, Oncocyte entered into an agreement with certain members of the Company s board of directors, and several
institutional and accredited investors, including Broadwood Capital, L.P., the Company s largest shareholder, and certain
members of the Company s board of directors (and certain of their affiliated parties), relating to their purchase of an
aggregate of up to 
shares of its common stock at an offering price of 
per share to board members and 
per share to the other investors participating in the offering. The offering is intended to be priced at-the-market for purposes of
complying with applicable NASDAQ Listing Rules. The aggregate gross proceeds from the offering were approximately 
million. The Company used approximately million of the net proceeds to immediately redeem an aggregate of shares
of its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and may thereafter elect to redeem additional shares. 

Workforce
Reduction 

On
April 12, 2023, Oncocyte announced a reduction in force involving approximately 20 of its workforce Reduction ), which
management believes will extend Oncocyte s cash runway in 2024. In connection with the Reduction, we estimate that we will incur
charges of approximately million related to employee severance and benefits costs in the second quarter of 2023. 

114 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

Not applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and
Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

It is
management s responsibility to establish and maintain adequate internal control over all financial reporting pursuant to Rule 13a-15
under the Exchange Act. Our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, have reviewed and
evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Following this review and evaluation ,
 management collectively determined that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms; and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to management, including our chief executive
officer and our chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December
31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f), is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal
executive officer, our principal operations officer, and our principal financial officer, and effected by our Board of Directors, management,
and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures
that: 

Pertain to the maintenance
 of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

Provide reasonable assurance
 that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors;
 and 

Provide reasonable assurance
 regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material
 effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022.
In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, Management identified the material weaknesses that have caused
management to conclude that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures, and our internal control over financial
reporting, were not effective at the reasonable assurance level: 

We did not maintain an
 effective control environment. Specifically, we did not maintain sufficient accounting resources commensurate with our structure
 and financial reporting requirements. This contributed to the material weakness described below: 

We did not design and maintain
 effective controls to address the initial application of complex accounting standards and accounting treatment of non-routine, unusual
 or complex events and transactions. 

To
address these material weaknesses, management performed additional analyses and other procedures to ensure that the financial statements
included herein fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods
presented. Accordingly, we believe that the financial statements included in this report fairly present, in all material respects, our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Remediation of Material Weakness 

To remediate the material weakness
in our documentation, evaluation and testing of internal controls we plan to 

We
 continue to design and implement controls to address the identification, accounting for, and review of non-routine, unusual or complex
 and initial applications of complex accounting standards, including the continued engagement of external consultants to provide support
 and to assist us in our evaluation of such transactions. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding
Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable. 

115 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 

The
information required by this item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with
the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

We
have a written Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Code of Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, our
principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, our other executive officers, our other employees, and our directors. The
purpose of the Code of Ethics is to deter wrongdoing and to promote (i) honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of
actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; (ii) full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable
disclosure in reports and documents that we file with or submit to the SEC and in our other public communications; (iii) compliance with
applicable governmental rules and regulations; (iv) prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code of Ethics to an appropriate person
or persons identified in the Code; and (v) accountability for adherence to the Code. A copy of our Code of Ethics has been posted on
our internet website and can be found at www.oncocyte.com . If we amend or waive a provision of our Code of Ethics that
applies to our chief executive officer or chief financial officer, we will post the amended Code of Ethics or information about the waiver
on our internet website. 

Information
about our compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 reported under the caption Delinquent Section 16(a)
Reports in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December
31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Information
about compensation of our executive officers reported under the caption Executive Compensation, and information about compensation
of directors reported under the caption Director Compensation, in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
information required by this item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with
the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The
information required by this item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with
the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
information required by this item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with
the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

116 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a-1) 
 Financial Statements. 

The following consolidated financial statements of
 Oncocyte Corporation are filed in the Form 10-K: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Exhibit 
 Numbers 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 At-The-Market Sales Agreement, dated June 11, 2021, between OncoCyte Corporation and BTIG, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 11, 2021) 

1.2 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated April 13, 2022, between Oncocyte Corporation and BTIG, LLC, as representative of the underwriters named therein (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 19, 2022). 

2.1 
 
 Subscription and Stock Purchase Agreement, dated September 4, 2019, among Oncocyte Corporation, Encore Clinical, Inc., and Razor Genomics Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 3, 2019) 

2.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 10, 2020, among Oncocyte Corporation, Cancer DX Sub, Inc., Insight Genetics, Inc., the Shareholders who became a Party to the Merger Agreement and the Equityholder Representative. (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 5, 2020) 

2.3 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 2, 2021, among Oncocyte Corporation, CNI Monitor Sub, Inc., Chronix Biomedical, Inc., the Shareholders who became a Party to the Merger Agreement and the Equityholder Representative (Incorporated by Reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 3, 2021) 

2.4 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated February 2, 2021, amended February 23, 2021, and amended and restated as of April 15, 2021, by and among OncoCyte Corporation, CNI Monitor Sub, Inc., Chronix Biomedical, Inc., the Stockholders who became a party to the Merger Agreement and the Equityholder Representative (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 19, 2021) 

2.5 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated December 15, 2022, by and among Dragon Scientific, LLC, Oncocyte Corporation and Razor Genomics Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 21, 2022) 

2.6 
 
 First Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated December 15, 2022, by and among Dragon Scientific, LLC, Oncocyte Corporation and Razor Genomics Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 13, 2023) 

2.8 
 
 Second Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated February 16, 2023, by and among Dragon Scientific, LLC, Oncocyte Corporation and Razor Genomics Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 23, 2023) 

2.7 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger dated February 8, 2023, by and between Oncocyte Corporation and David MacKenzie, solely in his capacity as Equityholder Representative (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 3, 2023) 

117 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation with all amendments (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 14, 2021) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Determination of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 13, 2022) 

3.3 
 
 Amended and Second Amended and Restated By-Laws (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 9, 2022) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen of Common Stock Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Form 10 12(b) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 23, 2015) 

4.2 
 
 Form of August 2016 Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 29, 2016) 

4.3 
 
 Form of 2017 Warrant, Exercise Price 3.25 (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 27, 2017) 

4.4 
 
 Form of 2017 Warrant, Exercise Price 5.50 (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 27, 2017) 

4.5 
 
 Silicon Valley Bank Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 27, 2017) 

4.6 
 
 Form of July 2017 Warrant, Exercise Price 5.50; five-year term (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 26, 2017) 

4.7 
 
 Form of July 2017 Warrant, Exercise Price 3.25, five-year term (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 26, 2017) 

4.8 
 
 Form of July 2018 Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 1, 2018) 

4.9 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock, dated August 1, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 14, 2019) 

4.10 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated October 17, 2019, between Oncocyte Corporation and Silicon Valley Bank (Incorporated by Reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 21, 2019) 

4.11 
 
 Form of Common Stock Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 19, 2022) 

4.12 
 
 Description of Securities 

10.1 
 
 Form of Director/Consultant Option Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Form 10 12(b) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 23, 2015) 

10.2 
 
 Form of Employee Incentive Stock Option Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Form 10 12(b) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 23, 2015) 

118 

10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated October 15, 2009 (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Form 10 12(b) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 23, 2015) 

10.4 
 
 Amendment of Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 23, 2011 (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Form 10 12(b) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 23, 2015) 

10.5 
 
 Second Amendment of Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 8, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Form 10 12(b) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 23, 2015) 

10.6 
 
 Third Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 16, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Form 10 12(b) A-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 29, 2015) 

10.7 
 
 Form of Alternate Warrant Exercise Agreement, dated February 17, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 24, 2017) 

10.8 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated February 21, 2017, between Oncocyte Corporation and Silicon Valley Bank (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 27, 2017) 

10.9 
 
 2017 Amendment to 2010 Stock Option Plan (Incorporated by reference to Registration Statement on Form S-8, File Number 333-219109 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 30, 2017) 

10.10 
 
 Form of July 2017 Warrant Exercise Agreement, dated July 21, 2017 (July 2017 Warrant for 100 of shares received on exercise of Original Warrant, at 5.50 exercise price with five-year term) (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 26, 2017) 

10.11 
 
 Form of July 2017 Warrant Exercise Agreement, dated July 21, 2017 (July 2017 Warrant for 50 of shares received on exercise of Original Warrant, at 3.25 exercise price with five-year term) (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 26, 2017) 

10.12 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated November 15, 2017, between Oncocyte Corporation and Mitchell Levine (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 2, 2018) 

10.13 
 
 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 29, 2018) 

10.14 
 
 Amendment to 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2021) 

10.15 
 
 Form of 2018 Equity Incentive Plan Employee Stock Option Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 29, 2018) 

10.16 
 
 Form of 2018 Equity Incentive Plan Non-Employee Director Stock Option Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 29, 2018) 

119 

10.17 
 
 Form of 2018 Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 29, 2018) 

10.18 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated May 22, 2019, between Oncocyte Corporation and Padma Sundar (Incorporated by Reference to Annual Report on Form 10-K Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 26, 2020) 

10.19 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated June 4, 2019, between Oncocyte Corporation and Ronald Andrews (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 6, 2019) 

10.20 
 
 Amendment to 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 23, 2019) 

10.21 
 
 Development Agreement, dated December 31, 2019, among Oncocyte Corporation, Encore Clinical, Inc., and Razor Genomics Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 3, 2019) 

10.22 
 
 Sublicense and Distribution Agreement, dated December 31, 2019, among Oncocyte Corporation, Encore Clinical, Inc., and Razor Genomics Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 3, 2019) 

10.23 
 
 Laboratory Services Agreement, dated August 15, 2015, as amended, among Oncocyte Corporation, Encore Clinical, Inc., and Razor Genomics Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 3, 2019) 

10.24 
 
 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated October 17, 2019, between Oncocyte Corporation and Silicon Valley Bank (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 21, 2019) 

10.25 
 
 Office Lease Agreement, dated December 23, 2019, as amended between Oncocyte Corporation and Cushing Ventures, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 27, 2019) 

10.26 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated November 10, 2011, between Insight Genetics, Inc. and MPC Holdings, LLC, as renewed by notice dated January 3, 2019 (Incorporated by Reference to Annual Report on Form 10-K Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 26, 2020) 

10.27 
 
 Oncocyte Corporation Change in Control and Severance Plan (Incorporated by Reference to Annual Report on Form 10-K Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 26, 2020) 

10.28 
 
 Form of Change in Control and Severance Agreement (Incorporated by Reference to Annual Report on Form 10-K Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 26, 2020) 

10.29 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement between Oncocyte Corporation and Certain Investors (Incorporated by Reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 28, 2020) 

10.30 
 
 U.S. Small Business Administration Paycheck Protection Program Note (Incorporated by Reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 29, 2020) 

10.31 
 
 Loan Deferral Agreement, dated April 2, 2020, between OncocCyte Corporation and Silicon Valley Bank (Incorporated by Reference to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 12, 2020) 

120 

10.32 
 
 Acknowledgement and Agreement, dated May 7, 2020, between Oncocyte Corporation and Ronald Andrews (Incorporated by Reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 12, 2020) 

10.33 
 
 Acknowledgement and Agreement, dated May 7, 2020, between Oncocyte Corporation and Mitchell Levine (Incorporated by Reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 12, 2020) 

10.34 
 
 Acknowledgement and Agreement, dated May 7, 2020, between Oncocyte Corporation and Lyndal Hesterberg (Incorporated by Reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 12, 2020) 

10.35 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated March 23, 2020, between Oncocyte Corporation and Doug Ross (Incorporated by Reference to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2020) 

10.36 
 
 Reduction in Salary Agreement between Oncocyte Corporation and Albert Parker (Incorporated by Reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 28, 2020) 

10.37 
 
 Reduction in Salary Agreement between Oncocyte Corporation and Lyndal Hesterberg (Incorporated by Reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 28, 2020) 

10.38 
 
 Reduction in Salary Agreement between Oncocyte Corporation and Tony Kalajian (Incorporated by Reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 28, 2020) 

10.39 
 
 Change in Control and Executive Severance Plan Agreement, dated October 4, 2021, between Oncocyte Corporation and Gisela Paulsen (Incorporated by Reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 7, 2021) 

10.40 
 
 Subscription Agreements, dated January 20, 2021, between Oncocyte Corporation and the Investors Named Therein (Incorporated by Reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 21, 2021) 

10.41 
 
 Amended and Restated Exclusive License Agreement, effective February 15, 2018, between Razor Genomics, Inc. and the licensor named therein (Incorporated by Reference to Annual Report on Form 10-K Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 19, 2021) 

10.42 
 
 Addendum No. 2 to Exclusive Sublicense Agreement in the PRC Territory, dated December 5, 2021, by and among Razor Genomics, Inc., Oncocyte Corporation, Encore Clinical, Inc., and Burning Rock Biotech Limited (Incorporated by Reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 8, 2021) 

10.43 
 
 Collaboration Agreement, dated January 13, 2022, by and between Oncocyte Corporation and Life Technologies Corporation (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11, 2022) 

10.44 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, among us and certain investors, dated April 13, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 13, 2022) 

10.45 
 
 Separation Agreement and General Release of All Claims, by and between the Company and Ronald Andrews, dated December 1, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 5, 2022) 

10.46 
 
 Consulting Agreement, by and between the Company and Ronald Andrews, dated as of December 1, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 5, 2022) 

121 

10.47 
 
 Employment Agreement, by and between the Company and Joshua Riggs, effective as of December 2, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 5, 2022) 

10.48 
 
 Amended Restated Change in Control and Executive Severance Plan Agreement, by and between the Company and Joshua Riggs, effective as of December 2, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 5, 2022) 

10.49 
 
 Separation Agreement and General Release of All Claims, by and between the Company and Gisela Paulsen, dated December 16, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 21, 2022) 

10.50 
 
 Separation Agreement and General Release of All Claims, by and between the Company and Douglas Ross, dated December 16, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 21, 2022) 

10.51 
 
 Consulting Agreement, by and between the Company and Douglas Ross, dated as of December 16, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 21, 2022) 

10.52 
 
 Termination Agreement, dated February 7, 2023, by and between Oncocyte Corporation and Life Technologies Corporation (Incorporated by reference to Oncocyte Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 13, 2023) 

16.1 
 
 Letter from OUM to the Securities and Exchange Commission dated July 20, 2021 (Incorporated by Reference to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 20, 2021) 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Withum Smith+Brown, PC 

31.1 
 
 Certification
of the Chief Executive Officer of Oncocyte Corporation pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as
adopted pursuant to Rule 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification
of the Chief Financial Officer of Oncocyte Corporation pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as
adopted pursuant to Rule 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101 
 
 Interactive Data Files

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema8 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
herewith 

 Furnished
herewith 

Portions of this exhibit have been omitted because the omitted information is (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant
treats as private or confidential. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

122 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report on Form
10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 12 th day of April 2023. 

ONCOCYTE CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ Josh
 Riggs 

Josh Riggs 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Josh Riggs 
 
 President and Chief Executive
 Officer and Director 
 
 April 12, 2023 
 
 JOSH RIGGS 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Anish John 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 12, 2023 
 
 ANISH JOHN 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/
 James Liu 
 
 Controller Principal
 Accounting Officer 
 
 April 12, 2023 
 
 JAMES LIU 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Andrew Arno 
 
 Director 
 
 April 12, 2023 
 
 ANDREW ARNO 

/s/
 Alfred D. Kingsley 
 
 Director 
 
 April 12, 2023 
 
 ALFRED D. KINGSLEY 

/s/
 Andrew Last 
 
 Director 
 
 April 12, 2023 
 
 ANDREW LAST 

/s/
 Jennifer L Carter 
 
 Director 
 
 April 12, 2023 
 
 JENNIFER L. CARTER 

/s/
 Louis E. Silverman 
 
 Director 
 
 April 12, 2023 
 
 LOUIS E. SILVERMAN 

/s/
 John Peter Gutfreund 
 
 Director 
 
 April 12, 2023 
 
 JOHN PETER GUTFREUND 

123 

<EX-4.12>
 2
 ex4-12.htm

Exhibit
4.12 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

The
following description of certain terms of Oncocyte Corporation Oncocyte or the Company common stock is
a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to (i) Oncocyte s Articles of Incorporation, as amended, (ii) Oncocyte s
Certificate of Determination of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, (iii) Oncocyte s Second
Amended and Restated Bylaws, and (iv) the California General Corporation Law. 

Common
Stock 

The
Oncocyte Articles of Incorporation currently authorize the issuance of up to 230,000,000 shares of common stock, no par value. Each holder
of record of common stock is entitled to one vote for each outstanding share owned, on every matter properly submitted to the shareholders
for their vote; provided, that if any shareholder entitled to vote at a meeting at which directors are to be elected gives timely notice
of their intention to cumulate votes in the election of directors, shareholders may cumulate votes for the election of directors. 

Subject
to the dividend rights of holders of any preferred stock that may be issued from time to time, holders of common stock are entitled to
any dividend declared by the Oncocyte Board of Directors out of funds legally available for that purpose. 

Subject
to the prior payment of the applicable liquidation preference to holders of any preferred stock that may be issued from time to time,
holders of common stock are entitled to receive on a pro rata basis all remaining assets available for distribution to the holders of
common stock in the event of the liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of Oncocyte s operations. 

Holders
of common stock do not have any preemptive, subscription, redemption, or conversion rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions
applicable to the common stock. The rights, powers, preferences and privileges of holders of Oncocyte common stock will be subject to
those of the holders of any shares of Oncocyte preferred stock that may be issued in the future. 

Preferred
Stock 

The
Oncocyte Articles of Incorporation currently authorize the issuance of up to 5,000,000 shares of common stock, no par value. The Preferred
Stock may be issued in one or more series as the Oncocyte board of directors may by resolution designate. The Oncocyte board of directors
is authorized to fix the number of shares of any series of Preferred Stock and to determine or alter the rights, preferences, privileges,
and restrictions granted to or imposed upon the Preferred Stock as a class, or upon any wholly unissued series of Preferred Stock. The
Oncocyte board of directors may, by resolution, increase or decrease (but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding)
the number of shares of any series of Preferred Stock subsequent to the issue of shares of that series. On May 27, 2022, Oncocyte filed
a Certificate of Determination of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock with the California Secretary
of State, establishing the rights, preferences and privileges relating to 11,765 shares of Oncocyte s Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock, no par value. The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock rank senior to Oncocyte common stock, with respect to rights as to as to
dividends, distributions, redemptions and payments upon the liquidation, dissolution and winding up of Oncocyte. 

The
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock generally have no voting rights, except as required by law and except that the consent of holders
of a majority of the outstanding Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is required to amend any provision of the Oncocyte Articles of
Incorporation that would have a materially adverse effect on the rights of the holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. Additionally,
as long as any shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock remain outstanding, unless the holders of at least 51 of the then outstanding
shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall have otherwise given prior written consent, Oncocyte, on a consolidated basis with
its subsidiaries, is not permitted to (1) have less than 8 million of unrestricted, unencumbered cash on hand Cash Minimum Requirement );
(2) other than certain permitted indebtedness, incur indebtedness to the extent that Oncocyte s aggregate indebtedness exceeds
 15 million; (3) enter into any agreement (including any indenture, credit agreement or other debt instrument) that by its terms prohibits,
prevents, or otherwise limits our ability to pay dividends on, or redeem, the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock in accordance with
the terms of the Certificate of Determination of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock; or (4)
authorize or issue any class or series of preferred stock or other capital stock that ranks senior or pari passu with the Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock. 

Oncocyte
is required to redeem, for cash, the shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock on the earlier to occur of (1) April 8, 2024, (2)
the commencement of certain a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, receivership, or similar proceedings against us or our assets, (3)
a Change of Control Transaction (as defined herein) and (4) at the election and upon notice of 51 in interest of the holders, if Oncocyte
fails to meet the Cash Minimum Requirement. A Change of Control Transaction means the occurrence of any of (a) an acquisition
by an individual or legal entity or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of effective
control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of 50 
of the voting securities of the Company (other than by means of conversion of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock), (b) the Company
merges into or consolidates with any other person, or any person merges into or consolidates with the Company and, after giving effect
to such transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than 50 of the aggregate voting
power of the Company or the successor entity of such transaction, or (c) the Company sells or transfers all or substantially all of its
assets to another person. Additionally, Oncocyte has the right to redeem the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock for cash upon 30 days
prior notice to the holders; provided if the Company undertakes a capital raise in connection with such redemption, the holders of the
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock will have the right to participate in such financing. 

Warrants 

Generally 

The
Company may issue warrants to purchase the Company s common stock or preferred stock. Warrants may be issued independently or together
with any other securities and may be attached to, or separate from, such securities. Each series of warrants will be issued under a separate
warrant agreement to be entered into between the Company and a warrant agent. The terms of any warrants to be issued and a description
of the material provisions of the applicable warrant agreement will be set forth in applicable filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. The number of shares of the Company s common stock to be received upon the exercise of each warrant may be adjusted
from time to time upon the occurrence of certain events, including but not limited to the payment of a dividend or other distribution
in respect of common stock, subdivisions, reclassifications, combinations of the Company s common stock or subsequent rights offerings.
The securities receivable upon exercise of each warrant may be adjusted in the event of any reorganization, consolidation, merger, liquidation
or similar event. 

Outstanding
Warrants 

As
of March 13, 2023, the Company has outstanding warrants to purchase 16,395,343 shares of the Company s common stock. The warrants
are fully vested, exercisable at prices ranging from 1.53 to 5.46 per share and expire on dates ranging from February 2024 to October
2029. The Company has authorized and reserved for issuance all shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of each warrant. Certain
warrants have cashless exercise provisions meaning that the value of a portion of warrant shares may be used to pay the
exercise price rather than payment in cash, which may be exercised under any circumstances in the case of the 2017 Bank Warrants and
2019 Bank Warrants or, in the case of certain other warrants, only if a registration statement for the warrants and underlying shares
of common stock is not effective under the Securities Act or a prospectus in the registration statement is not available for the issuance
of shares upon the exercise of the warrants. 

</EX-4.12>

<EX-21>
 3
 ex21.htm

Exhibit
21 

Oncocyte
Corporation 

The
following is a list of subsidiaries of Oncocyte Corporation, omitting some subsidiaries which, considered in the aggregate, would not
constitute a significant subsidiary. 

Subsidiary 
 
 State
 or Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 
 Insight
 Genetics, Inc. 
 
 Tennessee 
 
 Chronix
 Biomedical, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Chronix
 Biomedical GmbH 
 
 Germany 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in Amendment No. 2
to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-213810), Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-220769, 333 231980, 333-240207,
333-252765, 333-256650 and 333-257905) and Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-219109, 333-208935, 333-227118, 333-232773 and
333-257740) of Oncocyte Corporation of our report dated April 12, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, which appears
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

/s/
WithumSmith+Brown, PC 

East
Brunswick, New Jersey 

 April
12, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Josh Riggs, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Oncocyte Corporation; 

2 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this periodic report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 12, 2023 

/s/
 Josh Riggs 

Josh
 Riggs 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Anish John, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Oncocyte Corporation; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this periodic report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(c) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 12, 2023 

/s/
 Anish John 

Anish
 John 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Oncocyte Corporation (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Josh Riggs, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, and Anish John, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date :
 April 12, 2023 

/s/
 Josh Riggs 

Josh
 Riggs 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

/s/
 Anish John 

Anish
 John 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ocx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ocx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ocx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ocx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

