<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1518336_0001493152-23-012455.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3144748</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>128671</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>640027</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>840828</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>682195</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>777271</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012455.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417081122
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012455
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Dream Homes & Development Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001518336
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EDUCATIONAL SERVICES [8200]
		IRS NUMBER:				202208821
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55445
		FILM NUMBER:		23822867

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		314 S. MAIN STREET
		CITY:			FORKED RIVER
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08731
		BUSINESS PHONE:		609-693-8881

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		314 S. MAIN STREET
		CITY:			FORKED RIVER
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08731

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Virtual Learning Company, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110415

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012455.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
File No. 

(Exact
Name of Registrant As Specified In Its Charter) 

(State
 Or Other Jurisdiction Of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 Incorporation
 Or Organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

 (Address
of Principal Executive Offices and Zip Code) 

Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

Common
Stock, .001 par value per share 

 (Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (Section 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , non-accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
Accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 

 Emerging
Growth Company 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date. 

Class 
 
 Outstanding
 at April 17, 2023 

Common
 Stock, par value 0.001 

List
hereunder the following documents if incorporated by reference and the Part of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I, Part II, etc.) into which
the document is incorporated: (1) Any annual report to security holders; (2) Any proxy or information statement; and (3) Any prospectus
filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) under the Securities Act of 1933. The listed documents should be clearly described for identification
purposes (e.g., annual report to security holders for fiscal year ended December 31, 2022): 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Special Note On Forward Looking Statements 
 3 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 4 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 11 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 18 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 18 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 18 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 18 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 19 
 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 19 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 27 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 27 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 28 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 28 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 30 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 32 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 32 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 33 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 33 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 34 
 
 Signatures 
 35 
 
 EX-31.1 

EX-32.1 

2 

CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS 

Unless
the context requires otherwise, all references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report to Dream Homes
 Development Corporation, Dream Company, we, our and us 
refer to Dream Homes Development Corporation. 

SPECIAL
NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that involve
substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form
10-K are forward-looking statements. We have tried, whenever possible, to identify these forward-looking statements using words such
as anticipates, believes, estimates, continues, likely, may, 
 opportunity, potential, projects, will, expects, plans, 
 intends and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements, whether in the negative or the affirmative. These
statements reflect our current beliefs and are based upon information currently available to us. Accordingly, such forward-looking statements
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to
differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, such statements. 

Forward-looking
statements reflect our management s expectations or predictions of future conditions, events or results based on various assumptions
and management s estimates of trends and economic factors in the markets in which we are active, as well as our business plans.
They are not guarantees of future performance. By their nature, forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our
actual results and financial conditions may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results and financial conditions indicated
in these forward-looking statements. There are a number of factors that could cause actual conditions, events or results to differ materially
from those described in the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report. A discussion of factors that could cause actual
conditions, events or results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements appears in Part 1 Item
1A Risk Factors. 

Readers
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements in this Annual Report or that we make from time to time, and
to consider carefully the factors discussed in Part 1 Item 1A Risk Factors of this Annual Report in evaluating
these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are representative only as of the date they are made, and we undertake
no obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Any
forward-looking statement contained herein speaks only as of the date on which we make it. Factors or events that could cause our actual
results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to update
any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by
law. 

This
Form 10-K also contains market data related to our business and industry. See Item 1 Business. This market data includes
projections that are based on a number of assumptions. If these assumptions turn out to be incorrect, actual results may differ from
the projections based on these assumptions. As a result, our markets may not grow at the rates projected by these data, or at all. The
failure of these markets to grow at these projected rates may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and the market price of our common stock. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

Building
on a history of over 1,700 new homes built and over 400 elevation/renovation/addition projects since 1993, the management of Dream Homes
 Development Corporation has positioned the company to emerge as a rapidly growing regional developer of new single-family subdivisions
as well as a leader in coastal new home and modular construction, elevation and mitigation. Since Superstorm Sandy flooded 40,000 owner-occupied
homes, Dream Homes has helped hundreds of homeowners to build new homes or raise their homes to comply with new FEMA requirements. While
other involved with coastal construction in Flood Hazard Areas have not been able to remain in business, Dream Homes has excelled. As
many of our competitors have failed, Dream Homes has developed a reputation as the region s most trusted builder and has even become
known as the rescue builders for homeowners whose projects have been abandoned by others who have struggled to adapt to
the changing market and complex Federal, State and local regulations. Due to the damage caused by the storm, as well as the material
changes in the FEMA flood maps which now require over 40,000 homeowners along the New Jersey coastline to elevate their existing homes,
or demolish and build new homes, Dream Homes is positioned to capitalize on this opportunity for substantial revenue growth. 

Management
anticipates steady growth in this division of the company, since the rebuilding process will continue indefinitely. The company anticipates
being able to address a percentage of this market. Dream Homes potential operations include the development and sale of a variety
of residential communities, including construction of semi-custom homes, entry-level and first time move-up single-family and multi-family
homes. 

A
new trend in the real estate market which has experienced significant growth in the last year is the emerging Build To Lease trend. This
focus and concentration on building both single and multi-family developments with the intention to lease them immediately upon completion
is being made in response to several factors. One factor is the extreme shortage of rental properties on the market, not only for first
time homemakers, but for retirees, and young professionals who are unclear as to the intentions of settling in one location. The second
factor is the overall lender and funding source preference to lend to Build To Lease developments, as opposed to more traditional Build
To Sell developments due to the perception of Build To Lease as a safer investment over the long term. Finally, the extraordinary amount
of interest from non-traditional sources such as pension and hedge funds, insurance companies and venture capital firms to purchase completed
new For Lease developments at attractive metrics based on capitalization rates has spurred a large growth in this market segment. 

The
Company has made the decision to change focus in their new home developments to better accommodate this growing trend. Currently all
new multi-family developments located in Ocean County, which represent a total count of 155 units, will be changed from Build For Sale
to Build for Lease. The Company now intends to hold these properties upon completion and lease-up for an indeterminate period of time,
and realize the rental income from ownership. This strategy will become a very significant revenue stream for the Company and will become
a third division of the Company, behind custom new homes and renovation/elevation projects. 

Recently,
there has been an excessive amount of new business in the New Jersey market due to the effects of the Covid-19 virus. An excessive number
of buyers from north Jersey and the New York metropolitan area have decided to act immediately towards building 2 nd homes,
with immediate plans for retirement. 

In
addition to the projects which the Company currently has under contract for elevation, renovation, new construction and development,
there are a number of parcels of land which the Company has the ability to secure, whether through land contract or other types of options.
These parcels represent additional opportunities for development and construction potential on the order of an additional 400 - 800 lots
and/or residential units to be developed and built within an approximate time horizon of 5 years. Conceivably, this volume of production
could yield 120,000,000 - 240,000,000 in gross revenue and 25,000,000 - 50,000,000 in earnings to the Company. 

Management
recognized that the effects of Super Storm Sandy (which occurred on 10/29/12) would be far reaching and cause an almost unlimited demand
for construction services, as well as specific construction information. Due to the damage caused by the storm, as well as the material
changes in the FEMA flood maps which now require over 40,000 homeowners along the New Jersey coastline to elevate their homes, management
feels that focusing on the construction field will continue to provide a stable revenue stream for the company. 

Due
to the opportunities afforded by the market conditions, Dream Homes and Development Corporation will continue to pursue opportunities
in the construction and real estate field, specifically in new home construction, home elevations and renovations. 

In
addition to the existing elevation, renovation and new home projects currently in process, Dream has also estimated an additional 5,800,000
worth of residential construction projects and currently has over 500 active prospects to its data base. All these prospects are prime
candidates for new stick and modular homes, elevations and rebuilding projects. 

4 

Our
Competitive Strengths and Growth Strategy 

The
Company currently offers the following range of services and products: land development and approvals, infrastructure installation, new
single and multi-family site-built and modular construction, engineering structural design, soil studies, architectural and design/build
capabilities, construction management services, general contracting of all residential single and multi-family construction, helical
and timber pile installation, masonry foundations and concrete work of all varieties, management of home elevation and moving projects,
The Company offers comprehensive full turn-key solutions, from plan design through certificate of occupancy, which gives it a competitive
advantage over many other construction development companies. 

A
new trend in the real estate market which has experienced significant growth in the last year is the emerging Build To Lease trend. This
focus and concentration on building both single and multi-family developments with the intention to lease them immediately upon completion
is being made in response to several factors. One factor is the extreme shortage of rental properties on the market, not only for first
time homemakers, but for retirees, and young professionals who are unclear as to the intentions of settling in one location. The second
factor is the overall lender and funding source preference to lend to Build To Lease developments, as opposed to more traditional Build
To Sell developments due to the perception of Build To Lease as a safer investment over the long term. Finally, the extraordinary amount
of interest from non-traditional sources such as pension and hedge funds, insurance companies and venture capital firms to purchase completed
new For Lease developments at attractive metrics based on capitalization rates has spurred a large growth in this market segment. 

The
Company has made the decision to change focus in their new home developments to better accommodate this growing trend. Currently all
new multi-family developments located in Ocean County, which represent a total count of 155 units, will be changed from Build For Sale
to Build for Lease. The Company now intends to hold these properties upon completion and lease-up for an indeterminate period of time,
and realize the rental income from ownership. This strategy will become a very significant revenue stream for the Company and will become
a third division of the Company, behind custom new homes and renovation/elevation projects. 

5 

Finance
and credit facilities 

Dream
Homes has secured a line of credit from a private lender for general working capital. This credit line is structured on an on-demand
basis, bears an interest rate of 12 APR charged only for funds in use, and is in the amount of 1,000,000. This facility has been utilized
in part to acquire the Berkeley Terrace, the 70 unit townhome property, as well as to further expand various aspects of the company.
The lender has indicated willingness to fund future real-estate based investments (such as acquisition of buildable lots, construction
of new single family homes and single family home purchases for renovation), on an ongoing basis. 

Our
Products and Services 

The
Company offers the following range of services and products: new site built and modular homes, engineering structural design, soil
studies, architectural and design/build capabilities, construction management services, general contracting of all residential single
and multi-family construction, helical and timber pile installation, masonry foundations and concrete work of all varieties, management
of home elevation and moving projects and complete finish requirements for all interior construction. The Company offers full turnkey
solutions, from plan design through project completion. 

Marketing,
Sales and Subscriber Support 

One
of the Company s most significant strengths is in social media and digital marketing. There is a constant stream of new information
that is being placed on Facebook, Twitter, the Rebuilding Blog and other media channels. The Company is regularly ranked on the first
page in Google searches and is a strong source of new inquiries and recurring business. The Company s web site can be found at
www.dreamhomesltd.com and the blog at http://blog.dreamhomesltd.com. 

Concentrations 

Currently
the concentrations of the Company s operations fall into 3 broad categories, as follows: New construction development on
single lots, renovation/elevation work, and new subdivisions for single and multi-family homes. 

6 

Our
Markets 

The
Company continues to focus on growing as a fully integrated real estate construction and development company specializing in the construction
of townhouses, single-family homes and all types of residential properties. In addition, the Company performs elevation and moving of
homes and development and sale of approved and improved land. Operations are located primarily in central and southern New Jersey. Principal
real estate operations are currently conducted in the central southern part of the State of New Jersey, although it is our intention
to expand into additional markets based on market demand. 

Our
ability to offer elevation management, complete renovation, demolition and new construction and full architectural and engineering services
gives us the ability to offer all clients a full range of services. 

A
new trend in the real estate market which has experienced significant growth in the last year is the emerging Build To Lease trend. This
focus and concentration on building both single and multi-family developments with the intention to lease them immediately upon completion
is being made in response to several factors. One factor is the extreme shortage of rental properties on the market, not only for first
time homemakers, but for retirees, and young professionals who are unclear as to the intentions of settling in one location. The second
factor is the overall lender and funding source preference to lend to Build To Lease developments, as opposed to more traditional Build
To Sell developments due to the perception of Build To Lease as a safer investment over the long term. Finally, the extraordinary amount
of interest from non-traditional sources such as pension and hedge funds, insurance companies and venture capital firms to purchase completed
new For Lease developments at attractive metrics based on capitalization rates has spurred a large growth in this market segment. 

The
Company has made the decision to change focus in their new home developments to better accommodate this growing trend. Currently all
new multi-family developments located in Ocean County, which represent a total count of 155 units, will be changed from Build For Sale
to Build for Lease. The Company now intends to hold these properties upon completion and lease-up for an indeterminate period of time,
and realize the rental income from ownership. This strategy will become a very significant revenue stream for the Company and will become
a third division of the Company, behind custom new homes and renovation/elevation projects. 

Our
initial investment goal is to evaluate each property to determine the best path to take in order to maximize potential return for that
particular property. With new construction, our intention is to purchase either fully improved or at least fully approved properties.
Fully approved properties includes those having all the entitlements and permits in hand, and as needed, to post performance guarantees
and/or file subdivision maps, and/or proceed with infrastructure construction, such as utilities, roads and other site improvements.
With new construction, we have adopted this business model to help reduce our exposure to the many risks and costs associated with land
development. 

From
time to time, and as we come across an outstanding investment opportunity in land development priced at a level that justifies the inherent
risks and costs associated with land development, the Company may contract for, and will bring through the approval process, various
types of raw land. The Company will continue to allocate capital in the pursuit of approvals, since the risk/reward of developmental
activity is so great. It should be noted that we do not generally take ownership of the property until the approval process has been
completed, but rather control the property through contracts and options. In these instances, if we should fail to obtain approvals for
any reason, whether through unsuitability, change of zoning or other factors, our loss shall be limited to the money expended for the
approvals to that date. Our planned business model includes the acquisition, construction, and sale of a variety of residential properties,
including construction of entry-level and first time move-up single-family and multi-family homes. 

7 

In
addition to offering traditional stick frame construction of our homes, we may also offer modular and manufactured homes, townhomes and
condominiums. 

In
our opinion, the most effective business model for residential development and construction is to target the largest current and future
segment of the home buying market, which appears to be primarily first-time and move-up purchasers, as well as those homeowners forced
to move or relocate due to Storm Sandy, another storm related event, or obsolescence of their existing property. 

In
our opinion, the southern New Jersey real estate market represents one of the most attractive real estate investment opportunities, with
the greatest opportunity for future appreciation being concentrated in Ocean, Atlantic, Cape May, Monmouth and Middlesex counties. These
areas primarily fall within 1-hour driving time, and serve as bedroom communities for, the Atlantic City, New York and
Philadelphia metropolitan areas. In our opinion, the residential housing demand in this area, particularly in the market segments which
we intend to address, enjoys a fundamental support level, based on several factors. These factors include excellent air, rail and road
infrastructure (Atlantic City and Philadelphia), Casino and support services also in Atlantic City Philadelphia, tourism, and a
central location between Philadelphia and New York. Additionally, there has been a chronic affordable housing shortage throughout New
Jersey and all indication are that condition will continue the foreseeable future. This situation plays well into the Company s
strengths, which are focused on entry-level or first time move-up housing, as well as elevations and renovations of existing damaged
homes. Finally, all these market areas have tremendous growth potential due to market effects on the already very limited available housing
supply. 

Employees 

The
company relies on certain administrative payroll support for employees from Dream Homes Ltd., which currently has an ownership
interest in the Company. DHL provides payroll services that includes officers of the Company as well as employees and allocates payroll
proportionately as required. 

There
are currently 8 full time employees, including 3 officers, in addition to a number of part time employees on an as-needed basis, who
are being compensated under this arrangement. These include, but are not limited to, the following people listed below. As of December
31, 2022, the Company has not entered into any employment or consulting agreements. 

8 

The
management team, which consists of the present officers of the corporation as well as others who are considered key personnel, is as
follows: 

Vincent
Simonelli, President, CEO, Chairman 

Rich
Pezzullo, Director 

Valerie
Jones, Senior VP and Board Secretary 

Mark
Sampson, Regional Construction Supervisor 

Dave
Shaheen, Esq., General Counsel, Real Estate 

Christopher
Dieterich, Esq., Director, Securities Counsel and overall moral authority figure 

Vincent
Simonelli, CEO, Chairman and President: Dream Homes Development Corp. s senior manager and principal, Vincent C. Simonelli,
has over 28 years of active experience in real estate finance, development, construction and marketing. Currently, Mr. Simonelli is President
and Chairman for Dream Homes Development Corporation. Since 1993, Mr. Simonelli has developed, built and marketed over 200,000
square feet of commercial and over 1700 residential dwellings. Mr. Simonelli s knowledge of the developmental and approval process
throughout New Jersey makes him qualified to lead the Company in its real estate acquisition and development efforts. Mr. Simonelli attended
Montclair State College, the NY Institute of Finance, and Ocean County College. 

Richard
Pezzullo, Director: Richard Pezzullo is a graduate of Cornell University and served 20 years in the US Army Reserve, attaining the
rank of Major. Since 1990, he has built and continues to run Netcentric Computer Solutions, which provides Information Technology and
CTO/CIO services and currently support over 15,000 workstations in 60 locations throughout the US, UK, Japan and Morocco. 

Mr.
Pezzullo regularly advises managers on the operational ramifications of decisions made regarding software deployment, employee retention
and project implementation, and over the past 15 years his breadth of knowledge across industry lines has been beneficial to Dream s
senior management. 

Valerie
Jones, Secretary and Senior VP: Valerie is responsible for the recruiting, hiring, supervision and the training of office and field
staff. She is responsible for the development of policy and procedures as well as the implementation of company protocol. Valerie provides
strategic leadership in all facets of human resource management, oversees the daily management of all accounting operations and maintains
all customer contracts, vendor accounts and payroll service. Valerie continues her education with the attendance of educational seminars
and classes and has been with the company since 2011. 

9 

Mark
Sampson, Regional Supervisor: Mark Sampson has been with the Company for 9 years and manages a number of projects for Dream Homes.
Mark has extensive experience in all phases of carpentry, framing, client and team management. 

Dave
Shaheen,Esq., General Counsel, Real Estate 

Vito
DeMaio, Esq., General Counsel, Litigation 

Christopher
Dieterich, Esq., Securities Counsel and overall moral authority figure 

MANAGEMENT
POLICIES 

It
is the policy of management to conduct the business of the company under generally accepted practices, complying with all rules and regulations,
which govern this type of business. The Company has also adopted a Code of Ethics which must be followed by all members of the management
team and which is filed as Exhibit 14.1 hereto. 

Legal
Proceedings 

To
the knowledge of the officers and directors of the Company, neither the Company nor any of its officers or directors is a party to any
material legal proceeding or litigation and such persons know of no material legal proceeding or litigation contemplated or threatened.
Additionally, there are no judgments against the Company or its officers or directors. None of the officers or directors has been convicted
of a felony or misdemeanor relating to securities or performance in corporate office. 

Facilities 

The
Company currently occupies a 2,000 square foot office space at 314 S. Main Street in Forked River, NJ which is rented for 2,500 per
month, on a net, net basis. 

10 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

The
Purchase of the Shares is highly speculative and involves a high degree of risk. Each prospective Investor is urged to consider carefully
the risk factors discussed below, in addition to the risks set forth elsewhere, in determining whether an investment in the Company should
be made and is appropriate for them. You should not invest in our common stock unless you can afford to lose your entire investment and
you are not dependent on the funds you are investing. 

Our
business operations have been and may continue to be materially and adversely affected by the outbreak of the novel respiratory illness
coronavirus COVID-19 ). 

On
March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the novel respiratory illness COVID-19 a pandemic. The new strain
of COVID-19 is considered to be highly contagious and poses a serious public health threat. The outbreak of COVID-19 emerged in China,
where many of the Company s material suppliers are located. 

Any
outbreak of such epidemic illness or other adverse public health developments may materially and adversely affect the global economy,
our markets and our business. A prolonged disruption or any further unforeseen delay in our operations of the manufacturing, delivery
and assembly process within any of our market areas could continue to result in delays in the delivery of products and services to our
customers, increased costs and reduced revenue. 

We
cannot foresee whether the outbreak of COVID-19 will be effectively contained, nor can we predict the severity and duration of its impact.
If the outbreak of COVID-19 is not effectively and timely controlled, our business operations and financial condition may be materially
and adversely affected as a result of the deteriorating market outlook, the slowdown in regional and national economic growth, weakened
liquidity and financial condition of our customers or other factors that we cannot foresee. Any of these factors and other factors beyond
our control could have an adverse effect on the overall business environment, cause uncertainties in the regions where we conduct business,
cause our business to suffer in ways that we cannot predict and materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

Our
Board of Directors contains two independent directors. 

Our
board is composed of three members, Vincent Simonelli, Christopher Deiterich Richard Pezzullo. Mr. Simonelli and affiliated companies,
current own or control 56.80 of the issued and outstanding common stock shares of Dream Homes Development Corporation. Christopher
Deiterich is the second board member, SEC counsel for the Company and an independent director. Mr. Pezzullo was previously an employee
of Dream Homes, serving as the VP of Information Technology, but no longer holds that position, though he remains as third member of
the board. The NASDAQ is the exchange that we selected in order to determine whether our directors and committee members meet the independence
criteria of a national securities exchange, as required by Item 407(a)(1) of Regulation S-K. An independent director means a person who
is not an employee (or a relative of an employee), who has no material business relationship with the company, and is not a significant
owner of the company s shares. Due to our small size, the Company does not presently have a separately designated audit committee,
compensation committee, or nominating committee. 

Our
home sales and operating revenues could decline due to macro-economic and other factors outside of our control, such as changes in consumer
confidence, declines in employment levels and volatile material and supply costs. 

Changes
in national and regional economic conditions, as well as local economic conditions where we conduct our operations and where prospective
purchasers of our homes live, may result in more caution on the part of homebuyers and, consequently, fewer home purchases. These economic
uncertainties involve, among other things, conditions of supply and demand in local markets and changes in consumer confidence and income,
employment levels, and government regulations. These risks and uncertainties could periodically have an adverse effect on consumer demand
for and the pricing of our homes, which could cause our operating revenues to decline. Failure to achieve revenues, or a reduction in
our revenues once achieved, could, in turn, negatively affect the market price of our securities. The homebuilding industry is cyclical,
has from time to time experienced significant difficulties, and is significantly affected by changes in general and local economic conditions
such as: 

employment levels and job growth; 

availability of financing for home buyers; 

interest rates volatile material and supply costs; 

consumer confidence; 

housing demand; and 

population growth 

An
oversupply of alternatives to new homes, such as rental properties and used homes could depress prices and reduce margins for the sale
of new homes. 

Weather
conditions and natural disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, floods and fires can harm the local homebuilding business. 

The
difficulties described above could cause us to take longer and incur more costs to build our homes. We may not be able to recapture increased
costs by raising prices in many cases because we fix our new home prices up to twelve months in advance of delivery by signing home sales
contracts. In addition, some home buyers may cancel or not honor their home sales contracts altogether. 

11 

A
substantial increase in mortgage interest rates or unavailability of mortgage financing may reduce consumer demand for our homes. 

Virtually
all purchasers of our homes finance their acquisitions through lenders providing mortgage financing. A substantial increase in mortgage
interest rates or unavailability of mortgage financing would adversely affect the ability of prospective first time and move-up homebuyers
to obtain financing for our homes, as well as adversely affect the ability of prospective move-up homebuyers to sell their current homes.
As a result, once we commence sales, our margins, revenues, and cash flows may also be adversely affected. 

If
we are unsuccessful in competing against our homebuilding competitors, our market share could decline or our growth could be impaired
and, as a result, our financial results could suffer. Notwithstanding that potential risk, the barriers to entry in the elevation/renovation
portion of our business are very high, primarily due to the complexity of the home elevation process. 

Though
competition in the homebuilding industry is intense, and there are relatively low barriers to entry into the new home building business,
there is markedly less competition in the elevation/renovation portion of the business. This is primarily due to the complexity and technical
difficulty of the home elevation business. Increased competition in the new home building business could hurt our business, as it could
prevent us from acquiring attractive parcels of land on which to build homes or make such acquisitions more expensive, hinder our market
share expansion, and lead to pricing pressures on our homes that may adversely impact our margins and revenues. If we are unable to successfully
compete, our financial results could suffer and the value of, or our ability to service, our debt, including the notes, could be adversely
affected. 

In
the elevation/renovation portion of our business, competition has lessened over the last several years, due to the reasons listed above.
Consequently, the Company s market share of this portion of our business has increased, as competitors have abandoned the elevation
/ renovation business and focused on new home construction, which is markedly less difficult than completing elevation projects. 

We
could experience a reduction in new home sales and revenues or reduced cash flows due to our inability to acquire land for our housing
developments if we are unable to obtain reasonably priced financing to support our homebuilding activities. Notwithstanding, the elevation/renovation
portion of our business should suffer little or no effect for these reasons, since the primary source of funds for this type of project
is private and client based. 

The
new homebuilding industry is capital intensive, and homebuilding requires significant up-front expenditures to acquire land and begin
development. Accordingly, we incur substantial indebtedness to finance our homebuilding activities. Although we believe that internally
generated funds and available borrowings under our revolving credit facility will be available to fund our capital and other expenditures
(including land purchases in connection with ordinary development activities), the amounts available from such sources may not be sufficient.
If such sources are not sufficient, we would seek additional capital in the form of equity or debt financing from a variety of potential
sources, including additional bank financing and/or securities offerings. The amount and types of indebtedness which we may incur are
limited by the terms of the indentures governing the notes and our other existing debt. 

Although
as noted above, the new homebuilding industry is very capital intensive, the elevation/renovation portion of our business should suffer
little or no effect, since the primary source of funds for this type of project is private and client based. At this time approximately
75 of our revenue is based on elevation/renovation work, which is not subject to any great degree to the availability or lack thereof,
of institutional capital. The Company may need to seek out loans from banks to finance these projects. As part of their financing agreements,
the banks typically require Vincent Simonelli to personally guarantee these loans. If Mr. Simonelli cannot qualify as a guarantor and
there is no one other than him in the Company to provide those guarantees, the financing of the deals may be adversely affected. The
exact amount of funding required for each particular property is not clear at the present time but will be determined when full approvals
have been obtained and the Company is prepared to take title for each individual property. 

We
are subject to extensive government regulation which could cause us to incur significant liabilities or restrict our business activities. 

Changes
in regulatory requirements could cause us to incur significant liabilities and operating expenses and could restrict our business activities.
We are subject to local, state and federal statutes and rules regulating, among other things, certain developmental matters, building
and site design, and matters concerning the protection of health and the environment. 

12 

We
may incur additional operating expenses due to compliance programs or fines, penalties and remediation costs pertaining to environmental
regulations within our markets. 

We
are subject to a variety of local, state, and federal statutes, ordinances, rules, and regulations concerning the protection of health
and the environment. The particular environmental laws, which apply to any given community, vary greatly according to the community site,
the site s environmental conditions, and the present and former use of the site. Environmental laws may result in delays, may cause
expensive compliance programs and us to implement time consuming and may prohibit or severely restrict development in certain environmentally
sensitive regions or areas. From time to time, the United States Environmental Protection Agency and similar federal or state agencies
review homebuilders compliance with environmental laws and may levy fines and penalties for failure to strictly comply with applicable
environmental laws or impose additional requirements for future compliance as a result of past failures. Any such actions taken with
respect to us may increase our costs. Further, we expect that increasingly stringent requirements will be imposed on homebuilders in
the future. Environmental regulations can also have an adverse impact on the availability and price of certain raw materials such as
lumber. 

We
may be subject to significant potential liabilities because of construction defect, product liability, and warranty claims made against
us. 

As
a homebuilder, we have been, and continue to be, subject to construction defect, product liability, and home warranty claims, including
moisture intrusion and related mold claims, arising in the ordinary course of business. These claims are common to the homebuilding industry
and can be costly. 

With
respect to certain general liability exposures, including construction defect, moisture intrusion and related mold claims and product
liability, interpretation of underlying current and future trends, assessment of claims and the related liability and reserve estimation
process is highly judgmental due to the complex nature of these exposures, with each exposure exhibiting unique circumstances. Furthermore,
once claims are asserted for construction defects, it is difficult to determine the extent to which the assertion of these claims will
expand geographically. Although we have obtained insurance for construction defect claims, such policies may not be available or adequate
to cover any liability for damages, the cost of repairs, and/or the expense of litigation surrounding current claims, and future claims
may arise out of uninsurable events or circumstances not covered by insurance and not subject to effective indemnification agreements
with our subcontractors. 

Our
operating expenses could increase if we are required to pay higher insurance premiums or litigation costs for claims involving construction
defect and product liability claims, which could cause our net income to decline. 

The
costs of insuring against construction defect and product liability claims are high, and the amount and scope of coverage offered by
insurance companies is currently limited. This coverage may be further restricted and may become more costly. 

Increasingly
in recent years, lawsuits (including class action lawsuits) have been filed against builders, asserting claims of personal injury and
property damage caused by the presence of mold in residential dwellings. Our insurance may not cover all of the claims, including personal
injury claims, arising from the presence of mold, or such coverage may become prohibitively expensive. If we are not able to obtain adequate
insurance against these claims, we may experience losses that could reduce our net income and restrict our cash flow available to service
debt. 

Historically,
builders have recovered from subcontractors and their insurance carriers a significant portion of the construction defect liabilities
and costs of defense that the builders have incurred. Insurance coverage available to subcontractors for construction defects is becoming
increasingly expensive, and the scope of coverage is restricted. If we cannot effectively recover from our subcontractors or their carriers,
we may suffer greater losses which could decrease our net income. 

13 

Raw
material and labor shortages and price fluctuations could delay or increase the cost of new home construction and adversely affect our
operating results. 

The
homebuilding industry has from time to time experienced raw material and labor shortages. In particular, shortages and fluctuations in
the price of lumber or in other important raw materials could result in delays in the start or completion of, or increase the cost of,
developing one or more of our residential communities. In addition, we contract with subcontractors to construct our homes. Therefore,
the timing and quality of our construction depends on the availability, skill and cost of our subcontractors. Delays or cost increases
caused by shortages and price fluctuations could harm our operating results, the impact of which may be further affected by our ability
to raise sales prices. 

We
experience fluctuations and variability in our operating results on a quarterly basis and, as a result, our historical performance may
not be a meaningful indicator of future results. 

Our
operating results in a future quarter or quarters may fall below expectations of securities analysts or investors and, as a result, the
market value of the common stock, whether trading or not, may fluctuate. Because of such variability, our historical performance may
not be a meaningful indicator of future results. Our quarterly results of operations may continue to fluctuate in the future because
of a variety of both national and local factors, including, among others: 

the timing of home closings and land sales; 

our ability to continue to acquire additional land or secure option contracts to acquire land on acceptable terms; 

conditions of the real estate market in areas where we operate and of the general economy; 

raw material and labor shortages; 

seasonal home buying patterns; and 

other changes in operating expenses, including the cost of labor and raw materials, personnel and general economic conditions. 

Our
future growth may include additional acquisitions of companies that may not be successfully integrated and may not achieve expected benefits. 

Acquisitions
of companies may contribute to our growth and be a component of our growth strategy. Consistent with this strategy, we may engage in
discussions with and evaluate potential acquisition targets, some of which may be significant, although we currently have no binding
definitive agreements for any significant acquisitions of companies. In the future, we may acquire other businesses. Because of acquisitions
of companies, we may need to seek additional financing and integrate product lines, dispersed operations, and distinct corporate cultures.
These integration efforts may not succeed or may distract our management from operating our existing business. Additionally, we may not
be able to enhance our earnings because of acquisitions. Our failure to successfully manage future acquisitions could harm our operating
results. 

The
occurrence of natural disasters could increase our operating expenses and reduce our revenues and cash flows. 

The
climates and geology of the states in which we operate (currently solely located within New Jersey) present increased risks of natural
disasters. To the extent that hurricanes, severe storms, droughts, floods, wildfires or other natural disasters or similar events occur,
our homes that might be under construction in the future or any of our building lots in such states could be damaged or destroyed, which
may result in losses exceeding our insurance coverage. Any of these events could increase our operating expenses, impair our cash flows,
and reduce our revenues, which could, in turn, negatively affect the market price of our securities. 

Future
terrorist attacks against the United States or increased domestic or international instability could have an adverse effect on our operations. 

Adverse
developments in the war on terrorism, future terrorist attacks against the United States, or any outbreak or escalation of hostilities
between the United States and any foreign power, including the armed conflict with Iraq, may cause disruption to the economy, our company,
our employees and our customers, which could adversely affect our revenues, operating expenses, and financial condition. 

14 

Compliance
with changing regulation of corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expenses, which as a smaller public company
may be disproportionately high. 

Changing
laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, new SEC regulations,
and stock market rules, are creating uncertainty for development companies such as us. These new and changing laws, regulations and standards
are subject to varying interpretations in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and as a result, their application in practice
may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies, which could result in continuing uncertainty regarding
compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. As a result, our efforts
to comply with evolving laws, regulations, and standards will likely result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion
of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If we are unable to comply with the newly
enacted JOBS Act regulations, which lessen if not eliminate the harsher impact of some of the reporting requirements, expenses will remain
higher than other companies which are able to meet the new rules. In particular, our efforts to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act and the related regulations regarding our required assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting and our independent
registered public accounting firm s audit of that assessment will require the commitment of significant financial and managerial
resources. We expect these efforts to require the continued commitment of significant resources. Further, our board members, chief executive
officer, and chief financial officer could face an increased risk of personal liability in connection with the performance of their duties.
As a result, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining qualified board members and executive officers, which could slow down our
business. If we are unable to fully comply with new or changed laws, regulations and standards, or if our efforts differ from the activities
intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to practice, our reputation may be harmed and our stock price may
suffer. 

Failure
to achieve and maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 could have a material
adverse effect on our business and operating results. In addition, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial
reporting, which could have an adverse effect on our stock price. 

Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable
financial reports or prevent fraud, our operating results could be harmed. If we are unable to maintain the status of Emerging
Growth Company , we will be required to document and test our internal control procedures in order to satisfy the requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal controls
over financial reporting and a report by our independent registered public accounting firm addressing these assessments. Although we
intend to augment our internal controls procedures and expand our accounting staff, there is no guarantee that this effort will be adequate. 

We
may need additional capital in the future, but there is no assurance that funds will be available on acceptable terms. 

We
may need to raise additional funds in order to achieve growth or fund other business initiatives. This financing may not be available
in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us and may be dilutive to existing stockholders. Additionally, any securities issued
to raise funds may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing stockholders. If adequate funds are not available
or are not available on acceptable terms, our ability to expand, develop or enhance services or products, or respond to competitive pressures
will be limited. 

RISKS
RELATING TO OUR COMMON SHARES 

You
will not receive dividend income from an investment in the shares and as a result, you may never see a return on your investment. 

We
have never declared or paid a cash dividend on our shares nor will we in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain any future
earnings, if any, to finance the operation and expansion of our business. Accordingly, investors who anticipate the need for immediate
income from their investments by way of cash dividends should refrain from purchasing any of the securities offered by our company. As
we do not intend to declare dividends in the future, you may never see a return on your investment and you indeed may lose your entire
investment. 

15 

Rule
144 

In
general, persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock for at least six months, and any affiliate of the
company who owns either restricted or unrestricted shares of our common stock, are entitled to sell their securities without registration
with the SEC under an exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act. 

Non-Affiliates 

Any
person who is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding a sale,
may sell an unlimited number of restricted securities under Rule 144 if: 

the
 restricted securities have been held for at least six months (including the holding period of any prior owner other than one of our
 affiliates); 

we
 have been subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least 90 days before the sale; and 

we
 are current in our Exchange Act reporting at the time of sale. 

Affiliates 

Persons
seeking to sell restricted securities who are our affiliates at the time of, or any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would
be subject to the restrictions described above. They are also subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be required
to comply with the manner of sale and notice provisions of Rule 144 and would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only
that number of securities that does not exceed the greater of either of the following: 

the
 average weekly trading volume of our common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with
 respect to the sale. 

Additionally,
persons who are our affiliates at the time of, or any time during the three months preceding, a sale may sell unrestricted securities
under the requirements of Rule 144 described above, without regard to the six month holding period of Rule 144, which does not apply
to sales of unrestricted securities. 

Unlimited
Resales by Non-Affiliates 

Any
person who is not deemed to have been an affiliate of ours at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and
has held the restricted securities for at least one year, including the holding period of any prior owner other than one of our affiliates,
will be entitled to sell an unlimited number of restricted securities without regard to the length of time we have been subject to Exchange
Act periodic reporting or whether we are current in our Exchange Act reporting. 

Our
common stock is a Penny Stock, and compliance with requirements for dealing in penny stocks may make it difficult for holders
of our common stock to resell their shares. 

Our
common stock is currently listed in the public market in what is known as the over-the-counter market and at least for the foreseeable
future, our common stock will be deemed to be a penny stock as that term is defined in Rule 3a51-1 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. Rule 15g-2 under the Exchange Act requires broker/dealers dealing in penny stocks to provide potential investors
with a document disclosing the risks of penny stocks and to obtain from these investors a manually signed and dated written acknowledgement
of receipt of the document before effecting a transaction in a penny stock for the investor s account. Compliance with these requirements
may make it more difficult for holders of our common stock to resell their shares to third Parties or otherwise, which could have a material
adverse effect on the liquidity and market price of our common stock. 

16 

Penny
stocks are stocks with a price of less than 5.00 per share unless traded on NASDAQ or a national securities exchange. 

Penny
stocks are also stocks, which are issued by companies with Net tangible assets of less than 2.0 million (if the issuer has been in continuous
operation for at least three years); or 5.0 million (if in continuous operation for less than three years); or average revenue of less
than 6.0 million for the last three years. 

Our
stock price may fluctuate significantly, and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the current market price. 

The
trading price of our common stock is likely to be volatile and subject to wide price fluctuations in response to various factors, including: 

regulatory
 or political developments; 

market
 conditions in the broader stock market; 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial and results of operations; 

introduction
 of new products or services by us or our competitors; 

issuance
 of new or changed securities analysts reports or recommendations; 

investor
 perceptions of us and the construction industry; 

sales,
 or anticipated sales, of large blocks of our stock; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

litigation
 and governmental investigations; and 

changing
 economic conditions. 

These
and other factors may cause the market price and demand for our common stock to fluctuate substantially, which may limit or prevent investors
from readily selling their shares of common stock and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock. In addition,
in the past, when the market price of a stock has been volatile, holders of that stock have sometimes instituted securities class action
litigation against the Company that issued the stock. If any of our stockholders were to bring a lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial
costs defending the lawsuit. Such a lawsuit could also divert the time and attention of our management from our business. 

Sales
of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public markets, or the perception that such sales might occur, could reduce the price
of our common stock and may dilute your voting power and your ownership interest in us. 

If
our existing stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, the market price of our common stock could
decrease significantly. The perception in the public market that our existing stockholders might sell shares of common stock could also
depress our market price. 

17 

Insiders
have substantial control over us and could limit your ability to influence the outcome of key transactions, including a change of control. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our principal stockholders, directors, and executive officers and entities affiliated with them owned approximately
79.0 of the outstanding shares of our common stock. As a result, these stockholders, if acting together, would be able to influence
or control matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of directors and the approval of mergers or other extraordinary
transactions. They may also have interests that differ from yours and may vote in a way with which you disagree and which may be adverse
to your interests. The concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying, preventing, or deterring a change of control of our
company, could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of our company
and may materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

As
a public company, we are required to: 

Prepare
 and distribute periodic public reports and other stockholder communications in compliance with our obligations under the federal
 securities laws and OTCBB rules; 

create
 or expand the roles and duties of our board of directors and committees of the board; 

maintain
 a more comprehensive financial reporting and disclosure compliance functions; 

maintain
 an accounting and financial reporting department, including personnel with expertise in accounting and reporting for a public company; 

enhance
 and formalize closing procedures at the end of our accounting periods; 

maintain
 an internal audit function; 

enhance
 our investor relations function; 

establish
 and maintain new internal policies, including those relating to disclosure controls and procedures; and 

involve
 and retain to a greater degree outside counsel and accountants in the activities listed above. 

These
requirements entail a significant commitment of additional resources. We may not be successful in implementing these requirements and
implementing them could adversely affect our business or results of operations. In addition, if we fail to implement the requirements
with respect to our internal accounting and audit functions, our ability to report our results of operations on a timely and accurate
basis could be impaired. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
corporate headquarters are located at 314 South Main Street, Forked River, NJ 08731. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

We
currently are not subject to any material litigation or regulatory proceedings. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

N/A 

18 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The
common stock is currently traded on the OTC under the ticker symbol DREM. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 35,824,493 shares of common stock issued and outstanding held by approximately 77 holders of record. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

The
following selected financial data has been derived from and should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes
in Item 15 of this report and our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item
7 of this report. 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Statements of Income: 

Revenue 
 6,310,883 
 3,884,946 
 
 Gross profit 
 1,079,725 
 777,770 
 
 Income (loss) from operations 
 205,522 
 (47,697 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 154,090 
 (170,478 
 
 Basic and diluted income (loss) per common share 
 .00 
 (.00 
 
 Balance Sheet Data: 

Cash 
 525,389 
 191,439 
 
 Total assets 
 7,182,456 
 8,130,754 
 
 Total liabilities 
 6,543,612 
 7,646,000 
 
 Total Stockholders equity 
 638,844 
 484,754 

19 

Item
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

Management s
Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation contains forward-looking statements, as well as historical information. Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that the expectations
reflected in these forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. Forward-looking statements include those that use forward-looking
terminology, such as the words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, 
 may, project, plan, will, shall, should, and similar
expressions, including when used in the negative. Although we believe the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements
are reasonable and achievable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties, and no assurance can be given that actual results will
be consistent with these forward-looking statements. Current shareholders and prospective investors are cautioned that any forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance. Such forward-looking statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties,
certain of which are beyond our control, and actual results for future periods could differ materially from those discussed in this report,
depending on a variety of important factors, among which are our ability to implement our business strategy, our ability to compete with
major established companies, the acceptance of our products in our target markets, our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel,
our ability to obtain financing, our ability to continue as a going concern, and other risks described from time to time in our filings
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements contained in this report speak only as of the date of this report.
Future events and actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking statements. You should read this report completely
and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from what management expects. We will not update forward-looking
statements even though its situation may change in the future. 

We
undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Important factors on which such statements are based are assumptions concerning uncertainties, including but not limited to uncertainties
associated with the following: 

(a)
potential fluctuation in quarterly results; 

20 

(b)
our failure to earn revenues or profits; 

(c)
inadequate capital and barriers to raising the additional capital or to obtaining the financing needed to implement our business plans; 

(d)
inadequate capital to continue business; 

(e)
changes in demand for our products and services; 

(f)
rapid and significant changes in markets; 

(g)
litigation with or legal claims and allegations by outside parties; 

(h)
insufficient revenues to cover operating costs. 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with our financial statements and notes thereto, included herewith.
This discussion should not be construed to imply that the results discussed herein will necessarily continue into the future, or that
any conclusion reached herein will necessarily be indicative of actual operating results in the future. Such discussion represents only
the best present assessment of management. 

PLAN
OF OPERATION 

Building
on a history of over 1,700 new homes built and over 400 elevation/renovation/addition projects since 1993, the management of Dream Homes
 Development Corporation has positioned the company to emerge as a rapidly growing regional developer of new single-family subdivisions
as well as a leader in coastal new home and modular construction, elevation and mitigation. Since Superstorm Sandy flooded 40,000 owner-occupied
homes, Dream Homes has helped hundreds of homeowners to build new homes or raise their homes to comply with new FEMA requirements. While
other involved with coastal construction in Flood Hazard Areas, Dream Homes has excelled. As many of our competitors have failed, Dream
Homes has developed a reputation as the region s most trusted builder and has even become known as the rescue builders have
struggled to adapt to the changing market and complex Federal, State and local regulations builder for homeowners whose projects
have been abandoned by others. Due to the damage caused by the storm, as well as the material changes in the FEMA flood maps which now
require over 40,000 homeowners along the New Jersey coastline to elevate their homes, Dream Homes is positioned to capitalize on this
opportunity for substantial revenue growth. 

A
new trend in the real estate market which has experienced significant growth in the last year is the emerging Build To Lease trend. This
focus and concentration on building both single and multi-family developments with the intention to lease them immediately upon completion
is being made in response to several factors. One factor is the extreme shortage of rental properties on the market, not only for first
time homemakers, but for retirees, and young professionals who are unclear as to the intentions of settling in one location. The second
factor is the overall lender and funding source preference to lend to Build To Lease developments, as opposed to more traditional Build
To Sell developments due to the perception of Build To Lease as a safer investment over the long term. Finally, the extraordinary amount
of interest from non-traditional sources such as pension and hedge funds, insurance companies and venture capital firms to purchase completed
new For Lease developments at attractive metrics based on capitalization rates has spurred a large growth in this market segment. 

The
Company has made the decision to change focus in their new home developments to better accommodate this growing trend. Currently all
new multi-family developments located in Ocean County, which represent a total count of 155 units, will be changed from Build For Sale
to Build for Lease. The Company now intends to hold these properties upon completion and lease-up for an indeterminate period of time,
and realize the rental income from ownership. This strategy will become a very significant revenue stream for the Company and will become
a third division of the Company, behind custom new homes and renovation/elevation projects. 

Management
recognized that the effects of Super Storm Sandy, which occurred on 10/29/12, would be far reaching and cause an almost unlimited demand
for construction services, as well as specific construction information. Due to the damage caused by the storm, as well as the material
changes in the FEMA flood maps which now require over 40,000 homeowners along the New Jersey coastline to elevate their homes, management
feels that focusing on the construction field will continue to provide a stable revenue stream for the company. 

Dream
Homes and Development Corporation continues to pursue opportunities in the real estate field, specifically in new home construction,
home elevations and renovations. The amount of these projects currently under contract as of December 31, 2022 is 6,024,890. 

In
addition to the above projects, which are in process, the Company has also estimated an additional 5,800,000 worth of residential construction
projects and added over 200 active prospects to its data base. All of these prospects are prime candidates for rebuilding and new home
projects. 

21 

In
addition to the projects which the Company currently has under contract for elevation, renovation, new construction and development,
there are a number of parcels of land which the Company has the ability to secure, whether through land contract or other types of options.
These parcels represent additional opportunities for development and construction potential on the order of an additional 400 - 800 lots
and/or residential units to be developed and built within an approximate time horizon of 5 years. Conceivably, this volume of production
could yield 120,000,000 - 240,000,000 in gross revenue and 25,000,000 - 50,000,000 in earnings to the Company. 

The
Company has positioned itself to well serve a significant portion of the entire coastal region, from southern Ocean County north to Middlesex
County. 

Properties
currently owned and in the development stage 

Berkeley
Terrace Bayville, NJ 70 approved townhome units 

The
Company is in title to this property and is actively working with several permanent lenders to finalize an infrastructure and construction
finance facility. 

The
Company is preparing to begin heavy infrastructure work on the property, and clearing has been completed and the site stabilized for
soils erosion control. Infrastructure work should began in the last quarter of 2022 and will continue in 2023. 

The
Company closed on a funding package for Berkeley Terrace on 3/31/23, which included refinancing the land debt, and placing a funding
facility for a large portion of the site construction, as well as funding the first building of 10 townhomes. The amount of the facility
is 4,670,000. 

Lacey
Township, New Jersey, Dream Homes at the Pines 

Dream
Homes currently owns a parcel approved for 68 new townhomes in Ocean County NJ, of which 54 are market rate and 14 are affordable housing.
The acquisition was made in June of 2021. This property has received final approvals, Department of Transportation approval, CAFRA approval,
MUA, County, Fire and other outside agency approvals. This development is scheduled to begin construction in 2023. 

Preliminary
approval was granted in 2021 and Final approval was granted in fall of 2022. 

It
is anticipated that costs for the balance of the development approvals will be approximately +/- 20,000. 

The
Company may need to seek loans from funding sources to finance infrastructure and vertical construction for this project. 

The
Company acquired this property occurred on June 29, 2021 and is currently in title. 

Louis
Avenue Bayville, NJ In title 

The
Company was heard before the Berkeley Township Planning Board on October 3, 2020 and the planning board awarded preliminary approvals
for 17 townhome units. 

The
Company acquired this property on August 4, 2021. 

The
Company received Final approvals on August 8, 2021. 

22 

Properties
Under Contract to Purchase and in the Approval Stage 

Autumn
Run Gloucester County 

On
December 7, 2018, the Company signed a contract to purchase a property in Gloucester County, NJ, which will be approved for +/- 63 units
of age-restricted manufactured housing. The property is currently in the approval stage. An application was made to the DEP for a wetlands
letter of interpretation, which was approved as proposed. Further action before the planning board is pending due to delays caused by
township closures due to Covid-19. The Company had a virtual workshop meeting on September 15, 2020 and an additional virtual meeting
was conducted on November 17, 2020. 

The
application for a use variance was heard on May 24, 2021 and the variance was approved. 

The
Company has been deemed complete and will be heard for preliminary and final site plan approval at the April 24, 2023 planning board
meeting. 

Properties
in discussion with signed letters of intent, not in contract 

Discussions
have been occurring since December of 2017 and a signed letter of intent has been offered to acquire property to develop 102 townhome
units in southern Ocean County, NJ. This property was originally in contract and under development by the Company s management
team during the 2006-2009 period, at which time the project was not finalized due to the financial crisis of 2009. As such, a large amount
of engineering, environmental, traffic and architectural work has been completed. It is Management s opinion that this property
is moving forward to contract. This property is not fully approved and is unimproved. 

Additional
Comment 

Dream
Homes has experienced solid growth in both the new home and elevation divisions, as well as strong additions to our personnel infrastructure,
which are just now beginning to bear fruit. 

For
the 4th year in a row, the Company was again awarded the Ocean County Reader s Choice Best of the Best for 2020 in two categories
(Best Custom Modular Builder and Best Home Improvement Contractor), which caused significant new awareness and interest from the public.
This has led to increased showroom traffic, completed estimates and signed contracts. Referrals about Dream Homes are also being generated
from many industry professionals, such as architects, engineers and attorneys, who ve either had clients with abandoned projects
or simply want to retain Dream due to superior performance and reliability. 

The
phrase The Region s Most Trusted Builder accurately describes the Company, which is becoming increasingly well known
to homeowners in need of new custom modular and site-built homes, elevation renovation work. The management team has never failed
to complete a project in over 29 years in the industry. 

The
Company s business model over the last year has been focused on increasing the new home and new development portion of our business,
until it represents 50 - 70 of our entire revenue stream, from the current level of 20 . New home development has a much greater scalability
and growth potential than elevation/renovation work. The Company has enjoyed steady growth in the renovation/elevation portion of the
company and anticipates that by year end 2022 each part of the company (new homes and elevation work) will represent 50 of total revenue.
By mid-year 2023, new home construction and development should represent over 70 of revenue. 

23 

Management
hopes for steady growth in all segments of the company, since the rebuilding process will occur over the next 15-20 years. The combined
total number of homes affected by Storm Sandy that will need to be raised or demolished and rebuilt is in excess of 30,000 homes, of
which less than 10,000 have been rebuilt. This remaining combined market for new construction and elevation projects in the Company s
market area is estimated to be in the range of 3.4 billion dollars. The company anticipates being able to efficiently address a decent
percentage of this market. Dream Homes potential operations include the development and sale of a variety of residential communities,
including construction of semi-custom homes, entry-level and first time move-up single-family and multi-family homes. 

Additionally,
the Company has developed referral networks with 3 major modular manufacturing companies, from which a dependable and steady stream of
leads and prospects has been received over the last 6-month period. Based on these associations, it is anticipated that the Custom Modular
segment of the business will enjoy significant growth for the foreseeable future. 

Since
modular home manufacturers will not sell directly to the public, and will only sell to a licensed builder, manufacturers need dependable
new home builders to refer their leads. The Company has proven itself to be a valuable trade partner for these 3 manufacturers and has
received numerous prospects and leads, some of which have already turned into contracts. 

Due
to the opportunities afforded by the market conditions, Dream Homes and Development Corporation will continue to pursue opportunities
in the construction and real estate field, specifically in new home construction, home elevations and renovations. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which have been prepared
in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates
and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and related disclosures. We review our estimates
and judgments on an on-going basis. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other assumptions that
we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. We believe the following accounting
policies are critical to the judgments and estimates we use in preparing our financial statements. 

Net
Income (Loss) Per Common Share 

Basic
net income (Basic net loss) per common share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding during the period. 

Diluted
net income (loss) per common share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and potentially dilutive
securities outstanding during the period (none for the periods presented). 

24 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS DREAM HOMES DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION 

The
summary of selected financial data table below 

DREAM
HOMES DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION 

STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 

Revenue: 

Construction contracts 
 6,310,883 
 3,884,946 

Cost of construction contracts 
 5,231,158 
 3,107,176 

Gross profit 
 1,079,725 
 777,770 

Operating Expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative, including stock based compensation of 0 and 170,000, respectively 
 871,797 
 818,711 
 
 Depreciation expense 
 2,406 
 6,756 

Total operating expenses 
 874,203 
 825,467 

Income (loss) from operations 
 205,522 
 (47,697 

Other income (expenses): 

Loan forgiveness 
 51,360 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 
 (102,792 
 (122,781 
 
 Total other income (expenses) 
 (51,432 
 (122,781 

Net income (loss) before income taxes 
 154,090 
 (170,478 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Net income (loss) 
 154,090 
 (170,478 

25 

Results
of Operations - Comparison for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenues 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, net revenues were 6,310,883 as compared to 3,884,946 for the year ended December
31, 2021, resulting in a increase in net revenues of 2,425,937. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, all of our sales were domestic. Increase
due to acquisition of major construction contracts. 

Cost
of Construction contracts and Sales 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, cost of construction contracts and sales were 5,231,158 as compared to 3,107,176,
resulting in an increase in cost of construction contracts of 2,123,982. Increase due to acquisition of major construction contracts. 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating
expenses increased 48,736 from 825,467 in 2021 to 874,203 in 2022. The increase was primarily due to commission expenses and selling,
general and administration expenses. 

Major
selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 874,203 include salary expense of 391,615, bad
debts of 128,362, insurance of 44,234, sales commissions expense of 48,852, and rent expense of 52,000. 

Major
selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 818,711 include salary expense of 327,256, professional
fees of 69,349, vehicle expenses of 25,531, insurance of 44,234 , stock based compensation of 170,800, sales commissions expense
of 125,314, and rent expense of 62,698. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our cash balance was 525,389 and 191,439, respectively, total assets were 7,182456 and 8,130,754,
respectively, and total current liabilities amounted to 6,543,612 and 7,646,000, respectively, including loans payable to related parties
of 254,895 and 192,439, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total stockholders equity was 638,844 and 484,432,
respectively. 

26 

Inflation 

The
impact of inflation on the costs of our company, and the ability to pass on cost increases to clients over time is dependent upon market
conditions. Inflationary pressures have had a significant impact on our operations during this year, and we anticipate that inflationary
factors will continue to have a significant impact on future operations. 

OFF-BALANCE
SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

We
do not maintain off-balance sheet arrangements nor do we participate in non-exchange traded contracts requiring fair value accounting
treatment. 

Risk 

Foreign
Currency Exchange Rate Risk 

We
are not exposed to potential gains or losses from foreign currency fluctuations. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Pursuant
to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K 229.305(e)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item as
it is a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1). 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

27 

INDEX
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page(s) 

Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm- Boyle CPA, LLC (PCAOB ID: 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Boyle
CPA, LLC 

 Certified
Public Accountants Consultants 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and 

 Board
of Directors of Dream Homes Development Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Dream Homes Development Corp. (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each
of the two-years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
of Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Accounting
for Construction Contracts Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements. 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

The
Company recognizes construction contract revenue using the percentage-of-completion method, based primarily on contract cost incurred
to date compared to total estimated contract cost. Cost of revenue includes an allocation of depreciation, amortization and general overhead
cost. Changes to total estimated contract cost or losses, if any, are recognized in the period in which they are determined. 

331
 Newman Springs Road 
 Building
 1, 4 th Floor, Suite 143 
 P
 (732) 784-1582 
 
 Red
 Bank, NJ 07701 
 F
 (732) 510-0665 

F- 2 

The
Company s estimates of contract revenue and cost are highly detailed and many factors change during a contract performance period
that result in a change to contract profitability. These factors include, but are not limited to, differing site conditions: availability
of skilled contract labor: performance of major material suppliers and subcontractors: on-going subcontractor negotiations and buyout
provisions: unusual weather conditions: changes in the timing of scheduled work: change orders: accuracy of the original bid estimate:
changes in estimated labor productivity and costs based on experience to date: achievement of incentive-based income targets: and the
expected, or actual, resolution terms for claims. The factors that cause changes in estimates vary depending on the maturation of the
project within its lifecycle. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
audit procedures related to the Company s identification of impairment indicators for projects in progress included the following,
among others: 

We
 obtained an understanding of the Company s internal controls surrounding its estimation of contract costs, expenses,
 profitability and percentage of completion. 

We
 reviewed the Company s analysis of contracts and agreed to the financial statements and tested the cost accumulation on selected
 contracts. 

We
 critically review representations of management, tested managements estimates of costs to completed by reviewing past performance
 on contracts, experience on other contracts, and information gained in other phases of the audit. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

April 17, 2023 

331
 Newman Springs Road 
 Building
 1, 4 th Floor, Suite 143 
 P
 (732) 784-1582 
 
 Red
 Bank, NJ 07701 
 F
 (732) 510-0665 

F- 3 

DREAM
HOMES DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts and 

Employee advances 
 - 

Contract assets 

Total current assets 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, net 

OTHER ASSETS 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts and 
 - 

Security deposit 

Deposits and costs coincident to acquisition of land for development 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued interest 

Deposits held 

Contract liabilities 

Note payable-line of credit 

Note payable-bank 

Mortgages payable 

Loans payable to related parties 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term mortgages payable 

Total liabilities 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock; shares authorized, par value, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there are no shares outstanding 

Common stock; shares authorized, par value, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there are and shares outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements . 

F- 4 

DREAM
HOMES DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 2021 

Revenue: 

Construction contracts 

Cost of construction contracts 

Gross profit 

Operating Expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative, including stock based compensation of and , respectively 

Depreciation expense 

Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

Other income (expenses): 

Loan forgiveness 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 

Total other income (expenses) 

Net income (loss) before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted income (loss) per common share 

Weighted average common shares outstanding-basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements . 

F- 5 

DREAM
HOMES DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock 
 issued and to be issued 
 Additional 
 Paid in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Issuance of restricted common shares for stock-based compensation valued at 

- 

Issuance of restricted common shares for legal services valued at 

- 

Issuance of restricted common share for stock-based compensation valued at 

- 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Balance, value 

Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Balance, value 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

DREAM
HOMES DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the year ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 For the year ended 
 December 31, 2021 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided (used) in operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Employee advances 
 
 - 
 
 Contract assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deposits held 

Contract liabilities 

Income taxes payable 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of office equipment and vehicles 
 
 - 
 
 Deposits and costs coincident to acquisition of land for development 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds (payments) on note payable-line of credit 

Payments on acquisition of property held for development 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from bank note 

Proceeds from loans payable to related parties, net 

Proceeds from loans payable-PPP (forgiveness) 
 - 

Net cash provided (used) by financing activities 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 

CASH BALANCE, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH BALANCE, END OF PERIOD 

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: 

Interest paid 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income taxes paid 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Issuance of restricted common stock for compensation 
 - 

Mortgages payable for acquisition of property held for development 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements . 

F- 7 

DREAM
HOMES DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

shares of capital stock authorized, of which shares are common
shares par value), and shares are preferred shares par value). 

On
March 14, 2017, Virtual Learning changed its name to Dream Homes Development Corporation DHDC ). DHDC maintains a
web site at www.dreamhomesltd.com as well as a blog, located at http://blog.dreamhomesltd.com. 

. Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred, and renewals and betterments are capitalized. 

Costs
and estimated earnings in excess of billings result when either: 1) costs are incurred related to certain claims and unapproved change
orders, or 2) the appropriate contract revenue amount has been recognized in accordance with the percentage-of-completion accounting
method, but a portion of the revenue recorded cannot be billed currently due to the billing terms defined in the contract. Claims occur
when there is a dispute regarding both a change in the scope of work and the price associated with that change. Unapproved change orders
occur when there is a dispute regarding only the price associated with a change in scope of work. For both claims and unapproved change
orders, the Company recognizes revenue, but not profit, when it is determined that recovery of incurred cost is probable and the amounts
can be reliably estimated. 

Change
in Estimates: 

The
Company s estimates of contract revenue and cost are highly detailed and many factors change during a contract performance period
that result in a change to contract profitability. These factors include, but are not limited to, differing site conditions: availability
of skilled contract labor: performance of major material suppliers and subcontractors: on-going subcontractor negotiations and buyout
provisions: unusual weather conditions: changes in the timing of scheduled work: change orders: accuracy of the original bid estimate:
changes in estimated labor productivity and costs based on experience to date: achievement of incentive-based income targets: and the
expected, or actual, resolution terms for claims. The factors that cause changes in estimates vary depending on the maturation of the
project within its lifecycle. For example, in the ramp-up phase, these factors typically consist of revisions in anticipated project
costs and during the peak and close-out phases, these factors include the impact of change orders and claims as well as additional revisions
in remaining anticipated project costs. Generally, if the contract is at an early stage of completion, the current period impact is smaller
than if the same change in estimate is made to the contract at a later stage of completion. Management focuses on evaluating the performance
of contracts individually and uses the cumulative catch-up method to account for revisions in estimates. Material changes in estimates
are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

Vehicles 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Property and Equipment- net 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Site engineering, permits, and other costs 

Total Pines property 

Berkeley Township, New Jersey, Tallwoods: 

Deposit 
 - 

Site engineering, permits, and other costs 
 - 

Total Tallwoods contract 
 - 

Other deposits: 

Clayton, New Jersey - 112 apartments 
 - 

Louis Avenue, Bayville, New Jersey-17 units 

Berkeley Terrace Bayville, New Jersey 70 units 

Station Dr Forked River, New Jersey 
 - 

Autumn Run Clayton New Jersey 62 units 

Academy St Clayton, New Jersey 2 lots 
 - 

Other 

Total other deposits 

Total 

Properties
currently owned and in the development stage 

Berkeley
Terrace Bayville, NJ 70 approved townhome units 

The
Company is in title to this property and is actively working with several permanent lenders to finalize an infrastructure and construction
finance facility. 

The
Company is preparing to begin heavy infrastructure work on the property, and clearing has been completed and the site stabilized for
soils erosion control. Infrastructure work should began in the last quarter of 2022 and will continue in 2023. 

The
Company closed on a funding package for Berkeley Terrace on 3/31/23, which included refinancing the land debt, and placing a funding
facility for a large portion of the site construction, as well as funding the first building of townhomes. The amount of the facility
is . 

Lacey
Township, New Jersey, Dream Homes at the Pines 

Dream
Homes currently owns a parcel approved for 68 new townhomes in Ocean County NJ, of which 54 are market rate and 14 are affordable housing.
The acquisition was made in June of 2021. This property has received final approvals, Department of Transportation approval, CAFRA approval,
MUA, County, Fire and other outside agency approvals. This development is scheduled to begin construction in 2023. 

Preliminary
approval was granted in 2021 and Final approval was granted in fall of 2022. 

It
is anticipated that costs for the balance of the development approvals will be approximately +/- . 

The
Company may need to seek loans from funding sources to finance infrastructure and vertical construction for this project. 

The
Company acquired this property occurred on June 29, 2021 and is currently in title. 

Louis
Avenue Bayville, NJ In title 

The
Company was heard before the Berkeley Township Planning Board on October 3, 2020 and the planning board awarded preliminary approvals
for 17 townhome units. 

The
Company acquired this property on August 4, 2021. 

The
Company received Final approvals on August 8, 2021. 

Properties
Under Contract to Purchase and in the Approval Stage 

Autumn
Run Gloucester County 

On
December 7, 2018, the Company signed a contract to purchase a property in Gloucester County, NJ, which will be approved for +/- 63 units
of age-restricted manufactured housing. The property is currently in the approval stage. An application was made to the DEP for a wetlands
letter of interpretation, which was approved as proposed. Further action before the planning board is pending due to delays caused by
township closures due to Covid-19. The Company had a virtual workshop meeting on September 15, 2020 and an additional virtual meeting
was conducted on November 17, 2020. 

The
application for a use variance was heard on May 24, 2021 and the variance was approved. 

The
Company has been deemed complete and will be heard for preliminary and final site plan approval at the April 24, 2023 planning board
meeting. 

Lynx Asset Services, LLC 

AC Development, LLC 

AVB Development 

Total mortgages payable 

Less current portion 

Long-term portion 

Total 

Advances
from the loans bear interest at a rate of , with interest being payable on demand. Accrued interest as of December 31, 2022 and 2021
aggregate and , respectively. 

restricted shares for compensation valued at . 

On
September 25, 2020, the Company issued restricted shares for debt reduction value at . 

On
September 30, 2020, the Company issued restricted shares for compensation valued at . 

On
October 28, 2020, the Company issued restricted shares for compensation valued at . 

On
November 10, 2020, the Company issued restricted shares for compensation valued at . 

On
February 11, 2021, the Company issued restricted shares for compensation valued at . 

On
July 13, 2021, the Company issued restricted shares for legal services valued at . 

On
October 22, 2021, the Company issued restricted shares for compensation valued at . 

On
October 28, 2021, the Company issued restricted shares for compensation valued at .. 

effective January 1, 2018. 

State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit 

Non-deductible stock-based compensation 
 - 

Non-taxable loan forgiveness income 

Change in valuation allowance/NOL carryforward 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 
 - 
 - 

construction contracts outstanding with home owners and investors with contract
prices totaling , which are being fulfilled in the ordinary course of business. None of these construction projects are expected
to take over one year to complete from commencement of construction. The Company has no significant commitments with material suppliers
or subcontractors that involve any sums of substance or of long-term duration at the date of issuance of these financial statements. 

Employment
Agreements 

The
Company currently has no outstanding employment agreements. 

Lease
Agreements 

The
Company has occupied office space located in Forked River, New Jersey. Commencing April 2017, the Company originally paid monthly rent
of for this office space. This amount was subsequently increased to per month. 

Line
of Credit 

On
September 15, 2016, DHDC established a line of credit with General Development Corp., a non-bank lender. On September 15, 2021,
DHDC increased the existing line of credit from to . Advances under the line bear interest at a rate of , with
interest being payable on demand. The outstanding principal is due and payable in 60 months. The line is secured by the personal guarantee
of the Company s Chief Executive Officer. The agreement to fund automatically renews on a yearly basis as long as interest payments
are current or as agreed. To date, the Company has received several advances under the line of credit. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding
principal balance was . 

and , respectively, for the Company s estimated share of DHL s
gross payroll and payroll taxes and include and , respectively, salary paid to the Company s Chief Executive Officer,
and respectively salary paid to the Company s Secretary and Senior VP. 

townhomes. The amount of the facility
is . 

F- 15 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

(a)
Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The
Company is required to maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in its reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and
communicated to the Company s management, including its chief executive officer (also its principal executive officer) and its
chief financial officer (also its principal financial and accounting officer) to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Pursuant
to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ), the Company s management, including the
Company s President President ), the Company s principal executive officer CEO and Chief Financial
Officer CFO (the Company s principal financial and accounting officer), have evaluated the effectiveness of the
Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period
covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation the Company s CEO, President and CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in
the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time
periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s
management, including the Company s CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

(b)
Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The
Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal
control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a
process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected
by the company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
 of the company; 

28 

Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being
 made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control, there is a risk that material
misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent
limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to
reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

As
of December 31, 2022, management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on
the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments.
Based on that evaluation, the Company concluded that, during the period covered by this report, such internal controls and procedures
were not effective to detect the inappropriate application of US GAAP rules as more fully described below. This was due to deficiencies
that existed in the design or operation of its internal controls over financial reporting that adversely affected its internal controls
and that may be considered to be material weaknesses. 

The
matters involving internal controls and procedures that the Company s management considered to be material weaknesses under the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board was (a) the lack of a functioning audit committee, (b) there are insufficient
written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and
SEC disclosure requirements, (c) there is a lack of expertise with US generally accepted accounting principles and SEC rules and regulations
for review of critical accounting areas and disclosures and material non-standard transactions and (d) lack of effective oversight during
the financial close process resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and
procedures. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by the Company s management in connection with the review of
its financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Management
believes that the material weaknesses set forth above did not have an effect on its financial results. However, management believes that
the lack of a functioning audit committee and the lack of a majority of outside directors, coupled with not having individuals on staff
or retainer with a thorough knowledge of US GAAP and SEC rules and regulations and lack of effective oversight on the financial close
process results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures, which could
result in a material misstatement in its financial statements in future periods. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by its registered public accounting firm pursuant
to temporary rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Remediation
Plan 

Management
is sensitive to the issues presented and intends to take appropriate action when the Company s financial resources permit. Management
will continue to review and make necessary changes to the overall design of its internal control environment. 

29 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of our officers or directors. 

Indemnification
of Directors and Officers 

Our
Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws both provide for the indemnification of our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted
by Nevada law. 

Limitation
of Liability of Directors 

Pursuant
to the Nevada General Corporation Law, our Articles of Incorporation exclude personal liability for our Directors for monetary damages
based upon any violation of their fiduciary duties as Directors, except as to liability for any breach of the duty of loyalty, acts or
omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, or any transaction from which a Director
receives an improper personal benefit. This exclusion of liability does not limit any right which a Director may have to be indemnified
and does not affect any Director s liability under federal or applicable state securities laws. We have agreed to indemnify our
directors against expenses, judgments, and amounts paid in settlement in connection with any claim against a Director if he acted in
good faith and in a manner he believed to be in our best interests. 

Election
of Directors and Officers 

Directors
are elected to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Officers
are appointed to serve until the meeting of the Board of Directors following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their
successors have been elected and qualified. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), requires our executive officers and directors,
and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our common stock, to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes
in ownership with the SEC. Executive officers, directors and greater-than-ten-percent beneficial owners are required by SEC regulations
to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based upon a review of the copies of such forms furnished to us and written
representations from our executive officers and directors, we believe that as of the date of this filing they were all current in their
filings. 

30 

Code
of Ethics 

A
code of ethics relates to written standards that are reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote: 

1) 
 Honest
 and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional
 relationships; 

2) 
 Full,
 fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that are filed with, or submitted to, the Commission
 and in other public communications made by an issuer; 

3) 
 Compliance
 with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; 

4) 
 The
 prompt internal reporting of violations of the code to an appropriate person or persons identified in the code; and 

5) 
 Accountability
 for adherence to the code. 

We
have not adopted a corporate code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. 

Our
decision to not adopt such a code of ethics results from our having a small management structure for the Company. We believe that the
limited interaction which occurs having such a small management structure for the Company eliminates the current need for such a code,
in that violations of such a code would be reported to the party generating the violation. 

Corporate
Governance 

We
currently do not have standing audit, nominating and compensation committees of the board of directors, or committees performing similar
functions. Until formal committees are established, our entire board of directors will perform the same functions as an audit, nominating
and compensation committee. 

DIRECTORS
AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

The
name, age and titles of our executive officers and directors is as follows: 

Name
 and Address of Executive Officer and/or Director 
 
 Age

Position 

Vincent
 C. Simonelli 
 
 57 
 
 President,
 Treasurer, and Director (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Christopher
 Dietrich, Esq. 
 
 75 
 
 SEC
 Council, Director 

Richard
 Pezzullo 
 
 64

Director 

Valerie
 Jones 
 
 51

Senior
 Vice-president, Board Secretary 

AUDIT
COMMITTEE 

We
do not have an audit committee financial expert. We do not have an audit committee financial expert because we believe the cost related
to retaining a financial expert at this time is prohibitive. 

31 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our executive officers by any person for all services rendered
in all capacities to us for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary (a) ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Vincent C. Simonelli 
 2022 
 81,100 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

President, CEO 
 2021 
 80,600 
 -0- 
 155,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 233,000 
 
 and Treasurer 

Valerie Jones 
 2022 
 71,900 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

Secretary 
 2021 
 63,700 
 -0- 
 30,000 
 18,127 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 88,600 

There
are no current employment agreements between the company and its officers. 

Note
(a): These payroll amounts represent allocated payroll paid by DHL, which is currently a 11.74 owner of the Company. 

CHANGE
OF CONTROL 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had no pension plans or compensatory plans or other arrangements which provide compensation in the event of
a termination of employment or a change in our control. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table provides certain information regarding the ownership of our common stock, as of December 31, 2022 and as of the date
of the filing of this annual report by: 

each
 of our executive officers; 

each
 director; 

each
 person known to us to own more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; and 

all
 of our executive officers and directors and as a group. 

32 

Title of Class 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage 

Common Stock 
 Vincent Simonelli CEO Director 
 16,549,571 shares of common stock (1) 
 52.34 

Common Stock 
 Valerie Jones Secretary 
 1,180,000 shares of common stock 
 1.67 

Common Stock 
 Richard Pezzullo Director 
 368,000 shares of common stock 
 .81 

Common Stock 
 Athena. Monahan 
 3,000,0000 shares of common stock 
 11.59 

Common Stock 
 Roger L. Fidler Esq. 
 1,650,000 shares of common stock 
 6.37 

All officers and directors (3 persons) 
 
 18,097,571 shares of common stock 
 57.15 

The
percent of class is based on 35,824,393 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

(1)
Includes 4,049,996 shares owned by Dream Homes Ltd. (DHL) and 2,265,575 shares owned by General Property Investments LLC (GPIL). Mr.
Simonelli owns 80 of DHL and 100 of GPIL. 

Athena
Monahan is the heir to the shares of Mr. Monahan, her husband. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

None
at this time. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

During
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred approximately 29,500 in fees to our principal independent accountants for
professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our financial statements and for the quarterly reviews of our financial
statements. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 29,500 
 29,500 
 
 Tax Fees 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 
 All Other Fees 
 Nil 
 Nil 
 
 Total 
 29,500 
 29,500 

33 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of this annual report. 

Exhibits 
 Number 
 
 Description 

3.1
 (1) 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of The Virtual Learning Company, Inc. 

3.2
 (1) 
 
 By-laws of The Virtual Learning Company, Inc. 

4.1
 (1) 
 
 Sample Stock Certificate 

10.1
 (1) 
 
 Intellectual Property Purchase Agreement 

10.2
 (1) 
 
 Consulting Agreement with William Kazmierczach 

31.1

Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to SEC Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), adopted pursuant Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

(1)
Previously filed. 

)
Filed herewith. 

34 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Dream
 Homes Development Corporation 

Dated:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Vincent Simonelli 

Vincent
 Simonelli, President, Principal Executive and Financial and Accounting Officer 

35 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex-31.htm

EXHIBIT 31 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Vincent C. Simonelli, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report of Dream Homes
 Development Corporation.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The issuer s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as 4efined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the issuer
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the issuer s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the issuer s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the issuer s most recent fiscal quarter (the issuer s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the issuer s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The issuer s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the issuer s auditors
and the audit committee of the issuer s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the issuer s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Vincent C. Simonelli 

CEO and CFO 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 ex-32.htm

EXHIBIT 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of Dream Homes
 Development Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ),
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Vincent C. Simonelli, CEO and CFO of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Vincent C. Simonelli 

CEO and CFO 

Dated: April 17, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to Dream Homes Development Corporation and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 drem-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 drem-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 drem-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 drem-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

