<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1851230_0001213900-23-029962.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4554642</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>552402</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>861913</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1143107</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>943603</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>917235</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-029962.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414172313
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-029962
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Crescera Capital Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001851230
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41081
		FILM NUMBER:		23822122

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		R. ANIBAL DE MENDONCA
		STREET 2:		27 - 2 ANDAR IPANEMA
		CITY:			RIO DE JANEIRO
		STATE:			D5
		ZIP:			22410-050
		BUSINESS PHONE:		55 (21) 3687 1500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		R. ANIBAL DE MENDONCA
		STREET 2:		27 - 2 ANDAR IPANEMA
		CITY:			RIO DE JANEIRO
		STATE:			D5
		ZIP:			22410-050

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-029962.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_cresceracap.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to . 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

+55 (21) 3687-1500 N/A (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number) 

Not
Applicable 

(Former
name or former address if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act 

, , RJ, (Address of Principal Executive Offices) Zip Code 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Not
Applicable 

(Former
name or former address if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Capital Market Redeemable warrants, each one whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 CRECW Nasdaq Capital Market Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant CRECU Nasdaq Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

As
of April 14, 2023, Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value
 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

CRESCERA
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

table
of contents 

Page 
 
 Certain Terms 
 ii 
 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 iii 
 
 Part I 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 15 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 56 
 
 Item 2. Property 
 56 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 56 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 56 
 
 Part
 II 
 
 57 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 57 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 58 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 59 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 63 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 63 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 63 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 63 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 64 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 64 
 
 Part
 III 
 
 65 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 65 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 74 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 75 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 78 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 80 
 
 Part
 IV 
 
 81 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 81 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 81 

i 

Certain
Terms 

Unless
otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report ), references to: 

we, 
 us, company or our company are to Crescera Capital Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted
company; 

amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association are to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that
the company; 

Companies
Act are to the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; 

directors 
are to our current directors; 

equity-linked
securities are to any debt or equity securities of our company that are convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for our
Class A ordinary shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited
to a private placement of equity or debt; 

final
prospectus are to the Company s final prospectus (File No. 333-255382), dated November 18, 2021, which was declared effective
by the SEC on November 18, 2021; 

founders 
are to Jaime Cardoso Danvila, our Chairman of the Board, Felipe Samuel Argalji, our Chief Executive Officer, Laura Guaran Carvalho,
our former Chief Financial Officer, and Daniel Arthur Borghi, one of our Directors; 

founder
shares are to Class B ordinary shares initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering
and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial
business combination as described herein; 

initial
shareholders are to our sponsor and each other holder of our founder shares upon the consummation of our initial public offering; 

IPO 
are to our initial public offering that closed on November 23, 2021; 

management 
or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

ordinary
shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; 

Crescera 
are to Crescera Investimentos Ltda.; 

private
placement warrants are to the warrants sold to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our IPO and
upon conversion of working capital loans, if any; 

public
shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our IPO (whether they are purchased in our IPO or thereafter
in the open market); 

public
shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial shareholders and management team to the extent our
initial shareholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial shareholder s
and member of our management team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public
warrants are to the warrants sold as part of the units in our IPO (whether they are purchased in our IPO or thereafter in the
open market) and to the private placement warrants if held by third parties other than our sponsor (or permitted transferees); 

sponsor 
are to CC Sponsor LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company; 

warrants 
are to our public warrants and private placement warrants; and 

, 
 US and U.S. dollar each refer to the United States dollar. 

ii 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

Some
of the statements contained in this annual report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal
securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s
expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts
or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The
words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may
include, for example, statements about: 

our
 ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or
 directors following our initial business combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts
 of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

our
 ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from
 the COVID-19 pandemic; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination
 opportunities; 

our
 public securities liquidity and trading; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on
 the trust account balance; 

the
 trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our
 financial performance. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described in Item 1a. Risk Factors. Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in
material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Some of these risks and uncertainties may in the future be
amplified by the COVID-19 outbreak and there may be additional risks that we consider immaterial or which are unknown. It is not possible
to predict or identify all such risks. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result
of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

iii 

Part
I 

Item
1. Business 

Introduction 

We
are a newly organized blank check company incorporated on March 11, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting
a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses.
To date, we have not selected any potential business combination target, and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any
substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any potential business combination target with respect to an initial business combination
with us. 

While
we may pursue an initial business combination target in any business, industry or geographical location, we intend to focus our search
for a target in Latin America, and more specifically in Brazil, and in sectors with technology-enabled transformations and strong growth
potential in the region, including, but not limited to technology, healthcare, education services, consumer and retail, or the Target
Sectors. 

Our
sponsor is an affiliate of Crescera. Founded in 2008, Crescera is an independent asset management firm based in Brazil that currently
manages approximately R 5.7 billion in assets under management, or AUM, focused on two main investment strategies: growth equity and
venture capital, in each case in Brazil. The core of Crescera s investment team is comprised of six senior investment professionals,
five of which have worked together at Crescera for the past ten years, investing successfully in Brazilian companies within the Target
Sectors. Overall, Crescera s investment team is composed of 11 talented professionals. 

Crescera s
track record has enabled it to raise and invest successfully in four growth equity funds, as well as two venture capital funds. Crescera
is currently investing out of its fifth growth equity and fundraising for its third venture capital vintages. A distinguishing aspect
of Crescera s strategy is its partnership model. Crescera believes that this feature has helped it attract, develop and retain
top-quality talent. 

Crescera
focuses on areas in which it has significant industry expertise. The main areas in which Crescera has developed such expertise are technology,
healthcare, education and consumer, retail and services. Crescera combines its strategy and expertise with capital to help build companies
into regional or national leaders. By combining its extensive knowledge of Brazilian markets with deep industry expertise, Crescera seeks
to position itself as a partner of choice for leading Brazilian entrepreneurs and family-owned companies, adding significant value through
hands-on governance and strategic inputs, as well as providing capital for growth. 

Furthermore,
we believe that Crescera s value creation capabilities as well as its efforts to position itself as a partner of choice have been
recognized by companies within the Target Sectors. We believe that this has helped enhance proprietary origination capabilities, as such
companies often seek out Crescera as a partner or prefer Crescera over other potential financial sponsors. 

Company
History 

On
November 23, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering (the IPO of 20,125,000 Public Units, including the issuance
of 2,625,000 Units as a result of the underwriter s (the Underwriter exercise of its over-allotment option Over-allotment
Option in full, at a price of 10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of 201,250,000. Simultaneously with the closing
of our IPO, we consummated the sale of 10,150,000 Private Placement Warrants, at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, in a
Private Placement to CC Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of 10,150,000. 

Of
the net proceeds from the IPO, exercise of the over-allotment option, and associated private placements, 205,275,000 of cash was placed
in the Trust Account. 

We
cannot assure you that our plans to complete our initial business combination will be successful. 

1 

On
January 10, 2022, we announced that, commencing January 10, 2022, holders of the 20,125,000 units sold in the IPO may elect to separately
trade the Crescera Class A Ordinary Shares and the public warrants included in the units. Those units not separated continued to trade
on Nasdaq under the symbol CRECU and the Crescera Class A Ordinary Shares and public warrants that were separated trade
under the symbols CREC and CRECW, respectively. 

Initial
Business Combination 

The
rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market require that our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together
have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting
commissions held in the trust account and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of signing the agreement
to enter into the initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our
initial business combination upon standards generally accepted by the financial community. If our board of directors is not able to independently
determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, or if we are considering an initial business combination with an
affiliated entity, such transaction would be subject to approval by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. We would
not be required to obtain an opinion from a third party firm in such event to address whether the business combination is fair to our
public shareholders from a financial point of view. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction
with our initial business combination. We also will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank
check company or a similar company with nominal operations. Subject to these limitations, our directors and executive officers will have
virtually unlimited flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective businesses. 

We
may, at our option, pursue an acquisition opportunity jointly with Crescera, or one or more parties affiliated with Crescera, including
without limitation officers and affiliates of Crescera, funds associated with Crescera or investors in such funds. Any such party may
co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete
the acquisition by borrowing from or issuing to such parties a class of equity or debt securities. The amount and other terms and conditions
of any such joint acquisition or specified future issuance would be determined at the time thereof. 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders
own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure
our initial business combination such that the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or
assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the prior owners of the target business, the target management team
or shareholders or for other reasons. We will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or
acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient
for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment
Company Act. Even if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders
prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on the
relative valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction
in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests
of a target or issue a substantial number of new shares to third parties in connection with financing our initial business combination.
In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number
of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and
outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business
or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned
or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target
business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target
businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking shareholder approval, as applicable. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in
our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

2 

Other
Considerations 

We
currently do not have any specific business combination under consideration. Crescera and our directors and officers are regularly made
aware of potential business combination opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue. However, we have not selected any
business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly,
with any business combination target. 

In
addition, certain of our directors and officers currently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual
duties to other entities, including without limitation Crescera and funds associated with Crescera or their current or former portfolio
companies. These funds may have overlapping investment objectives and potential conflicts may arise with respect to Crescera s
decision regarding how to allocate investment opportunities among these funds. If any of our directors and officers becomes aware of
a business combination opportunity that is suitable for a fund or entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual
obligations (including, without limitation, any funds associated with Crescera or their current or former portfolio companies), then,
subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to
present such business combination opportunity to such fund or entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If Crescera, funds associated
with Crescera or other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. In addition, investment
ideas generated within or presented to Crescera or our directors and executive officers may be suitable for both us and Crescera, a current
or future Crescera fund or one or more of their portfolio companies and, subject to applicable fiduciary duties or contractual obligations,
will first be directed to Crescera, such fund, investment vehicle or portfolio company before being directed, if at all, to us. However,
we do not expect these fiduciary duties or contractual obligations to materially affect our ability to identify and pursue business combination
opportunities or to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide
that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except
and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities
or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in,
any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity (including with respect to any business transaction that may
involve another Crescera entity) for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. Accordingly, Crescera and our directors
or officers may not be obliged to present a business combination opportunity to us. 

Our
officers and directors, including our chief executive officer, are and in the future will be required to commit time and attention to
Crescera and current and future funds associated with Crescera. To the extent any conflict of interest arises between, on the one hand,
us and, on the other hand, any of such entities (including, without limitation, arising as a result of certain of officers and directors
being required to offer acquisition opportunities to such entities), Crescera and its affiliated funds will resolve such conflict of
interest in their sole discretion in accordance with their then existing fiduciary, contractual and other duties and there can be no
assurance that such conflict of interest will be resolved in our favor. 

On
November 17, 2021, we filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, to voluntarily
register our securities under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. As a result, we are
subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend
our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Corporate
Information 

Our
executive offices are located at R. An bal de Mendon a, 27, 2nd floor, Rio de Janeiro, RJ 22410-050, Brazil, our telephone
number is +55 (21) 3687-1500 and our corporate website is https://cresceraspac.com/. Our website and the information contained on, or
that can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this annual
report. 

3 

We
are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman
Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, or
the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance
with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking,
no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to
us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature
of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way
of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders
or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). As such, we are eligible to
take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive
compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities
less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more
volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the completion of our IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to
be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds
 700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities
during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company will have the meaning associated with
it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary
shares held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not equal
or exceed 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not equal
or exceed 700 million as of the prior June 30. 

Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination 

General 

We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following our IPO until closing
a business combination. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash held in the Trust Account, the proceeds of
the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements
we may enter into), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a
combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially
unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and
businesses. 

4 

If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account
are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A
ordinary shares, we may use the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account following the closing for general corporate
purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-business combination company, the payment of principal or
interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for
working capital. 

We
have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive
discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us. While
we may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry, we intend to focus our search on Brazilian companies in sectors
with strong growth potential benefiting from positive trends in the region, including, but not limited to, healthcare, technology, education
services, consumer and retail. 

Although
our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this
assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside
of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business. 

We
may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the
amounts held in the trust account. In addition, we intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could
acquire with the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, and, as a result, if the cash portion of the
purchase price exceeds the amount available from the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemptions by public shareholders,
we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable
securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination.
In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender
offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we
would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity
or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including
pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into in the future. At this time, we are not a party to any
arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise.
Neither our sponsor, nor any of our officers, directors or shareholders are required to provide any financing to us in connection with
or after our initial business combination. 

Sources
of Target Businesses 

We
anticipate that our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may bring to our attention target business candidates of which
they become aware through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as
attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not
otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the track record and business relationships of our officers and directors. In
addition, various unaffiliated sources, including but not limited to investment bankers and private investment funds, may bring target
businesses to our attention as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target
businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this annual report
and know what types of businesses we are targeting. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms
or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in
the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length
negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use
of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis
with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of a finder s fee is customarily
tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event,
however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s
fee, consulting fee or other compensation by the company prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion
of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). Any such payments prior to our initial business
combination will be made from funds held outside the trust account. Other than the foregoing, there will be no finder s fees, reimbursement,
consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or
any affiliate of our sponsor or officers prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation
of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). 

5 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor,
officers, directors or funds managed by certain of our affiliates, or from completing the business combination through a joint venture
or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers, directors or funds managed by certain of our affiliates. In the event we
seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors
or funds managed by certain of our affiliates, such transaction would be subject to approval by a majority of our independent and disinterested
directors to determine whether such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We would not
be required to obtain an opinion from a third party firm in such event to address whether the business combination is fair to our public
shareholders from a financial point of view. 

Evaluation
of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings
with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as applicable,
as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move
forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately
completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company
will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or
in connection with our initial business combination. 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with
multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate
the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of
diversification may: 

subject
 us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may
 have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our
 initial business combination, and 

cause
 us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products
 or services. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although
we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial
business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition,
the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future
role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination
as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial
business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following
our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial
business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge
relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

6 

We
cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The
determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business
combination. 

Following
a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We
cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills,
knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Shareholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination 

We
may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by law or applicable
stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. 

Under
Nasdaq s listing rules, shareholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

We
 issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our Class
 A shares then issued and outstanding (other than in a public offering) 

Any
 of our directors, officers or substantial security holders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has
 a 5 or greater interest earned on the trust account (or such persons collectively have a
 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be
 acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result
 in an increase in outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more or 

The
 issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change
 of control. 

Permitted
Purchases of Our Securities 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates
may purchase shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion
of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors
or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have
no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such
transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. If they
engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information
not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. 

In
the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from
public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke
their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer
subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the
Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the
purchasers will comply with such rules. 

7 

The
purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the
likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with
a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination,
where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce
the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection
with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination
that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced
and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation,
listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our
sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our initial shareholders,
officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the shareholders contacting us directly or
by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of proxy
materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their
affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling shareholders who have expressed their
election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or
not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not
already been voted at the general meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or
any of their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase shares from based on a negotiated price and number of shares and any
other factors that they may deem relevant, and will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange
Act and the other federal securities laws. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of shares
if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section
13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption
Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion
of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on
the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly
redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights
will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption
rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Our sponsor, officers and directors have
entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder
shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

Limitations
on Redemptions 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum
cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate
purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required
to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions
pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete
the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the
holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness
in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may
enter into, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. 

8 

Manner
of Conducting Redemptions 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion
of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii)
without a shareholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business
combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as
the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable
law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer
rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder
approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued
and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would require shareholder
approval. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq s
shareholder approval rules. 

The
requirement that we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed
above is contained in provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will apply whether or not we
maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on the Nasdaq. Such provisions may be amended if approved by holders
of two-thirds of our ordinary shares entitled to vote thereon, so long as we offer redemption in connection with such amendment. 

If
we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with a general meeting, we will,
pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct
 the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the
 Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender
 offer rules, and 

file
 proxy materials with the SEC. 

In
the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If
we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman
Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company.
A quorum for such meeting will be present if the holders of a majority of issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting
are represented in person or by proxy. Our sponsor, officers and directors will count toward this quorum and, pursuant to the letter
agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares, shares underlying the private placement warrants
and any public shares purchased during or after the IPO (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of
our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of an ordinary resolution, non-votes will have no effect on the approval
of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreement of our sponsor,
officers and directors, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public shareholder may
elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a
public shareholder on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. 

If
a shareholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will: 

conduct
 the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate
 issuer tender offers, and 

file
 tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination
 which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business
 combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
 Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

9 

In
the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days,
in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until
the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more
than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase,
we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

Upon
the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules, we
or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A ordinary shares in the open
market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

We
intend to require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their
shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent
or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian)
system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials,
this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In
addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption
of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote
in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that
we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring
public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. We believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently process
any redemptions without the need for further communication or action from the redeeming public shareholders, which could delay redemptions
and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed initial business combination is not approved and we continue to search
for a target company, we will promptly return any certificates or shares delivered by public shareholders who elected to redeem their
shares. 

Limitation
on Redemption Upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect
to Excess Shares without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of
shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business
combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price
or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares could
threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a
premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more
than 15 of the shares sold in our IPO without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders
to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business
combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. 

However,
we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our
initial business combination. 

10 

Delivering
Share Certificates in Connection with the Exercise of Redemption Rights 

As
described above, we intend to require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders
or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer
agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal
At Custodian) system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy
materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination.
In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption
of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote
in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that
we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring
public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have up to two business days prior
to the scheduled vote on the initial business combination if we distribute proxy materials, or from the time we send out our tender offer
materials until the close of the tender offer period, as applicable, to submit or tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise
its redemption rights. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender
offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders
to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the
DWAC system. The transfer agent will typically charge the broker submitting or tendering shares a fee of approximately 80.00 and it
would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless
of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to submit or tender their shares. The need to deliver shares
is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

Any
request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer
documents, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption
rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that
the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders
of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If
our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their
redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case,
we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If
our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different
target until May 23, 2023 (or November 23, 2023 if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination in accordance
with the terms described in our final prospectus). 

Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation if No Initial Business Combination 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we will have until May 23, 2023 (or November 23,
2023 if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination in accordance with the terms described in our final
prospectus). If we have not completed our initial business combination within such period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for
the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest income
to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate
and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors
and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions
with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted
time period. 

11 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination
by May 23, 2023 (or November 23, 2023 if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination in accordance with
the terms described in our final prospectus). However, if our sponsor or management team acquire public shares in or after our IPO, they
will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial
business combination within the allotted time period. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination by May 23, 2023 (or November 23, 2023 if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination in accordance
with the terms described in our final prospectus) or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public
shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001. If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares
such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of
our public shares at such time. 

We
expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be
funded from amounts remaining out of the 1,450,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there
will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with
implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay income
taxes on interest income earned on the trust account balance, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up
to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If
we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited
in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount
received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.20. The funds deposited in the trust account could, however,
become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot
assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.20. While we
intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors 
claims. 

Although
we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective
target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they
will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust
account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims
challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets,
including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held
in the trust account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter
into an agreement with such third party if management believes that such third party s engagement would be in the best interests
of the company under the circumstances. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver
include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly
superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service
provider willing to execute a waiver. Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of our IPO
will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that
such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts
or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the
trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than Marcum
LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business
with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement,
reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per unit and (ii) the actual amount per public share
held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.20 per unit due to reductions in the
value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective
target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable)
nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently
verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets
are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result,
if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions
could be reduced to less than 10.20 per unit. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you
would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors
will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

12 

In
the event that the funds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per unit and (ii) the actual amount per public
share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.20 per unit due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification
obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether
to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance if, for example, the cost of such
legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors
determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value
of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.20 per unit. 

We
will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers (other than Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target
businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any
kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to 1,450,000 from
the proceeds of our IPO with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation,
currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that
the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims
made by creditors. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of 650,000, we may fund such excess with funds from the
funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease
by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of 650,000, the amount of
funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount. 

If
we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
the funds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy
estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or
insolvency claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.20 per unit to our public shareholders.
Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us
that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy
or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy
or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be
viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our
company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.
We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

13 

Our
public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares
if we do not complete our initial business combination by May 23, 2023 (or November 23, 2023 if we extend the period of time to consummate
our initial business combination in accordance with the terms described in our final prospectus), (ii) in connection with a shareholder
vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination by May 23, 2023 (or November 23, 2023 if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial business
combination in accordance with the terms described in our final prospectus) or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating
to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon
the completion of our initial business combination. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind
to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s
voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable
pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to another entity pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to
such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for
an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i)
no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain
from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any
interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate
opportunity for any director or officer on the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties
or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Facilities 

We
currently utilize office space at R. An bal de Mendon a, 27, 2nd floor, Rio de Janeiro, RJ 22410-050, Brazil from our sponsor
as our executive offices. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We
currently have two officers: Felipe Samuel Argalji and Rafael Moreira Pereira. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific
number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed
our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business
has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend
to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

14 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Summary of Risk Factors 

An investment in our securities is subject
to a number of risks, including risks relating to our business and industry, risks relating to Brazil and risks relating to the offering
and our securities. The following list summarizes some, but not all, of these risks. Please read the information in the section entitled
 Risk Factors for a more thorough description of these and other risks. 

Risks Relating to Our Search for, and Consummation
of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination 

Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold
a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even
though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

Your only opportunity to effect your investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise
of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of the business combination. 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult
for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the required
time period, our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for
distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential
business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

Our search for a business combination, and any partner business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be
materially adversely affected by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or any future pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets. 

Risks Relating to Our Sponsor and Management Team

We are dependent upon our founders and officers and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts
of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively
impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business
combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements
may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts
of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination
as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial
business combination. 

15 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore,
to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in
our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Holders of our public shares are not entitled to vote on the appointment of directors prior to our initial business combination. 

Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business
in Foreign Countries, in Particular in Latin America 

If we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety
of additional risks that may adversely affect us. 

If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend
time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all
of our revenue will be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject,
to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the
country in which we operate. 

We will be exposed to certain risks that are particular to investing in Latin America and other emerging markets. 

Certain Factors Relating to Latin America 

Governments have a high degree of influence in the economies in which we plan to operate. The effects of this influence and political
and economic conditions in Latin America could harm us and the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Developments and the perceptions of risks in other countries, including other emerging markets, the United States and Europe, may
harm the economy of the countries in which we operate and the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

The ongoing economic uncertainty and political instability in Brazil, including as a result of ongoing corruption investigations,
may harm us and the price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

General Risk Factors 

We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to
achieve our business objective. 

Past performance by our management team, our sponsor and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have
participated and businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the
company. 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial
loss. 

16 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together
with the other information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K and the prospectus associated with our IPO, before making a decision
to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially
adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

General
Risk Factors 

We
are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve
our business objective. 

We
are a blank check company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, and all of our activities to date have been related to our
formation, our IPO and our search for a business combination target. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which
to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination. We have no plans, arrangements
or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business
combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

Past
performance by our management team, our sponsor and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated
and businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the company. 

Information
regarding our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses
with which they have been associated, is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience and performance by our management
team and their affiliates and the businesses with which they have been associated, is not a guarantee that we will be able to successfully
identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination, that we will be able to provide positive returns to our shareholders,
or of any results with respect to any initial business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical experiences
of our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with
which they have been associated, as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or as indicative of every prior investment
by each of the members of our management team or their affiliates. The market price of our securities may be influenced by numerous factors,
many of which are beyond our control, and our shareholders may experience losses on their investment in our securities. 

Cyber
incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We
depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of
third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure,
or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary
information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection,
we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or
to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of
them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 

We
may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and officers. 

We
have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have
agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against
the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i)
we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify
our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their
fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and
directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s
investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors
pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

17 

Changes
in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability
to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply
with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult,
time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and
those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to
comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including
our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of
certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make
our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We
are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy
statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval
of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they
may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status
earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of any
June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict
whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities
less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise
would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such
extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or
private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new
or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth
company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of
the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary
shares held by non-affiliates did not exceed 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not exceed 100 million
during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not exceed 700 million as of
the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial
statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

18 

Compliance
obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial
financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. 

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated
filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting
firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company,
we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control
over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial
business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls.
The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and
costs necessary to complete any such business combination. 

Because
we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to
protect your rights through the U.S. Federal courts may be limited. 

We
are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service
of process within the United States upon our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against
our directors or officers. 

Our
corporate affairs will be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same
may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities
laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the
fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman
Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands
as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the
Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different
from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands
has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed
and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders
derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. 

We
have been advised by Maples and Calder, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize
or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities
laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us
predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities
imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands
of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a
foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court
imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are
met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum,
and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter,
impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice
or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy).
A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

As
a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken
by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States
company. 

19 

Risks
Relating to Our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination 

Our
public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote,
holders of our founder shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though
a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

We
may choose not to hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination if the business combination would not require shareholder
approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. For instance, Nasdaq rules currently allow us to engage in a tender
offer in lieu of a general meeting but would still require us to obtain shareholder approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20 
of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares to a target business as consideration in any business combination. Therefore, if we were
structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, we would seek
shareholder approval of such business combination. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirement, the decision
as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to
us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the
transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Even if we seek shareholder
approval, the holders of our founder shares will participate in the vote on such approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business
combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. 

Your
only opportunity to effect your investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your
right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of the business combination. 

At
the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial
business combination. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders
may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder vote. Accordingly, your only
opportunity to effect the investment decision regarding our initial business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption
rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public
shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 

Because
of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete
our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our
public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to
public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
expect to encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may
be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for
the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience
in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries.
Many of these competitors possess similar or greater technical, human and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge than
we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe
there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds from our IPO and the sale of the private placement
warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our
available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain
target businesses. In addition, as our strategy is to focus on business combination targets in Latin America, where there is a more limited
pool of targets, we may be unable to find a suitable business combination target. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our
public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder
vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business
combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only
their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants
will expire worthless. 

20 

The
ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business
combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We
may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be
paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to
satisfy other conditions. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing
condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions
payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a business combination and such
amount of deferred underwriting discount is not available for us to use as consideration in an initial business combination. Furthermore,
in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting
commissions, to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination, or any greater net tangible asset or cash
requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly
submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less
than 5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination or less than such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition
as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption of our public shares and the related business combination, and we may instead
search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into
a business combination transaction with us. 

If
we are able to consummate an initial business combination, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming shareholders will reflect
our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commissions. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with
respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital
structure. 

At
the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption
rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted
for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the
purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust
account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for
redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust
account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence
of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision
of the Class B ordinary shares results in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion
of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, the amount of the deferred underwriting
commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business
combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced
by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation
to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business
combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. 

21 

The
ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability
that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If
our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or
requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful
is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until
we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market;
however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation,
you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with your exercise of redemption
rights until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 

The
requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage
over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business
combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial
business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

Any
potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete
our initial business combination by May 23, 2023 (or November 23, 2023 if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial business
combination in accordance with the terms described in our final prospectus). Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over
us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target
business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer
to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business
combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

Our
sponsor may decide not to extend the term we have to consummate our initial business combination, in which case we would cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

Our
sponsor and its affiliates or permitted designees are not obligated to purchase private placement warrants to extend the time for us
to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time
period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more
than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to
pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding
public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to
receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to
the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations
under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not
more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive
only 10.20 per public share, or less than 10.20 per public share, on the redemption of their shares. 

Our
search for a business combination, and any partner business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially
adversely affected by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or any future pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in, and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in, a widespread health crisis
that has adversely affected the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which
we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. 

22 

Furthermore,
the continuing surges of COVID-19 cases, along with potential new strains and variants being discovered and challenges associated with
the roll out and availability of vaccines have resulted in the reimposition of certain restrictions in certain countries, particularly
in Latin America, and may lead to other restrictions being implemented in response to efforts to reduce the spread of COVID-19. We may
be unable to complete a business combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have
meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate
and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend
on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the
severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other
matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations
of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

In
addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted
by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing
being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

Finally,
the outbreak of COVID-19 may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Item 1A. Risk Factors 
section, such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions. 

Our
initial business combination or reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders or warrant holders. 

We
may effect a business combination with a target company in another jurisdiction, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target
company or business is located, or reincorporate in another jurisdiction. Such transactions may result in tax liability for a stockholder
or warrant holder in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident (or in which its members are resident
if it is a tax transparent entity), in which the target company is located, or in which we reincorporate. In the event of a reincorporation
pursuant to our initial business combination, such tax liability may attach prior to any consummation of redemptions. We do not intend
to make any cash distributions to pay such taxes. 

We
may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may
govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

In
connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another
jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The
system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as
in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss
of business, business opportunities or capital. 

We
may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

We
may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination by May 23, 2023 (or November 23, 2023
if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination in accordance with the terms described in our final prospectus).
Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital
and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic continues both in the U.S. and globally and,
while the extent of the impact of the pandemic on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial
business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being
unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively impact businesses we may seek to
acquire. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to
pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate
and dissolve, subject in each case, to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. 

23 

If
we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, our public shareholders may be forced
to wait beyond such time frame before redemption from our trust account. 

If
we are unable to consummate our initial business combination by May 23, 2023 (or November 23, 2023 if we extend the period of time to
consummate our initial business combination in accordance with the terms described in our final prospectus), the funds then on deposit
in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes
(less up to 100,000 of interest income to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further
described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind-up or liquidate the
trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding
up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced
to wait beyond May 23, 2023 (or November 23, 2023 if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination in accordance
with the terms described in our final prospectus) before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they
receive the return of their pro rata portion of the funds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors
prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless we consummate our initial business combination prior thereto and only then
in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public
shareholders be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. 

In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance
with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-15,
 Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, our management has determined
that liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as
a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate on
June 14, 2023 (which is 15 months after the closing of the IPO on March 14, 2022, or January 14, 2023, which is up to 21 months if we
extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination in accordance with the terms described in our final prospectus).
The annual audited financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the company is unable to continue as
a going concern. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders and management team have agreed to vote in
favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

Our
initial shareholders own approximately 25 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares as of December 31, 2022. Our initial shareholders
and management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we seek shareholder approval of an initial business combination,
such initial business combination will be approved if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the
affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, including the founder shares.
As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 6,708,334, or 33.3 , of the 20,125,000 public
shares sold in our IPO to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved.
Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our initial shareholders and management
team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive an ordinary resolution, being
the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, our other initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors
and their respective affiliates may elect to purchase shares or public warrants from public shareholders, which may influence a vote
on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates
may purchase public shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following
the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. There is no limit on the number of
shares our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance
with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable
securities laws (including with respect to material non-public information), our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors
or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote
their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments,
plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of
the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. Such purchases may include a
contractual acknowledgment that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof
and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. 

24 

In
the event that our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated
transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be
required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares
in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination
or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash
at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of
any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters
submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities
may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be
reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements.
See Item 1. Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Permitted Purchases of Our Securities for a
description of how our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase securities
from in any private transaction. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares
or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain
the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

If
a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or
fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We
will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer documents,
as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender
offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination
will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or submit public shares for redemption. For
example, we intend to require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or
hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer
agent, or to deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer
documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the date on which the vote
on the proposal to approve the initial business combination is to be held. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with
a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request
for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such
shares is included. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender
offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. See the section of this annual report entitled Item 1. Business Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination Delivering Share Certificates in Connection with the Exercise of Redemption Rights. 

We
may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target
business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

We
have not selected any specific business combination target but intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than
we could acquire with the net proceeds from our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants. As a result, if the cash portion
of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemption by public
shareholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. We cannot assure
you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for
companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our
initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination
and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the
closing of our initial business combination for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the
post-business combination businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business
combination, or to fund the purchase of other companies. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders
may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders,
and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination,
we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could
have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors, advisors
or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. Other than in
connection with a forward purchase agreement we may enter into, none of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide
any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. 

25 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may
enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target
business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria
and guidelines. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines, including geographic area, for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible
that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we
complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not
be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce
a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders
may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires
us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law,
or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval
of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that
are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
may seek business combination opportunities in industries or sectors that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. 

We
may consider a business combination outside of our management s areas of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented
to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive business combination opportunity for our company. Although our management
will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately
ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately
prove to be less favorable than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In the event
we elect to pursue a business combination outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise
may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this annual report regarding the areas
of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result,
our management may not be able to ascertain or assess adequately all of the relevant risk factors. Accordingly, any shareholders who
choose to remain shareholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such
shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

Resources
could be wasted in researching business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts
to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders
may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders,
and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements,
disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants,
attorneys, consultants and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that
point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target
business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any
such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate
and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may
only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and
our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business
combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When
evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the
target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities
of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications
or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary
to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly,
any shareholders or warrant holders who choose to remain shareholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer
a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in
value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care
or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy
solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement
or material omission. 

26 

We
may seek business combination opportunities with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue,
cash flow, or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. 

To
the extent we complete our initial business combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record
of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These
risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or
earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our directors and officers will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control
and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

Moreover,
in pursuing our business combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company.
Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to
pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with
a company that is not as profitable (if at all) as we believed at the time of signing an agreement to acquire such private company or
that fails to meet the projections upon which our valuation may be based. 

We
may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may
result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In
pursuing our business combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company.
Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to
pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with
a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

The
officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business
combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The
role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained
at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated
with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition
candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

Since
our sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other
than with respect to public shares they may acquire during or after our IPO), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether
a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

In
March 2021, one of our officers paid 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover certain of our offering costs, in exchange
for an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares, which were temporarily issued to such officer and, on April 7, 2021, transferred to our
sponsor. The purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of expenses paid on behalf of the company by
the number of founder shares issued. In October 2021, our sponsor received a further 958,333 founder shares by way of share capitalization
using the existing share premium account. The number of founder shares outstanding was determined based on our IPO of 20,125,000 and
therefore the corresponding 6,708,333 founder shares represent approximately 25 of the outstanding shares. Out of the 6,708,333 founder
shares, 5,031,250 founder shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares after our initial business combination and 1,677,083 founder
shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares only to the extent our stock trades at or above 12.50 per share as described in the
final prospectus. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor
has purchased an aggregate of 10,150,000 private placement warrants for an aggregate purchase price of 10,150,000, or 1.00 per warrant.
The private placement warrants will also be worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination. The personal and financial
interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing
an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may
become more acute as May 23, 2023 (or November 23, 2023 if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination
in accordance with the terms described in our final prospectus), which is the deadline for our completion of an initial business combination. 

27 

Because
we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous
initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. 

The
federal proxy rules require that the proxy statement with respect to the vote on an initial business combination include historical and
pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer
documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in
accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, 
or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending
on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable
to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our
initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

If
the net proceeds from our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to
allow us to operate for at least until May 23, 2023 (or November 23, 2023 if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial business
combination in accordance with the terms described in our final prospectus), it could limit the amount available to fund our search for
a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management
team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

Of
the net proceeds from our IPO, only 1,450,000 was available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements.
We believe that these funds available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate until November 23,
2023; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate, and our sponsor, its affiliates and members of our management team
are under no obligation to advance funds to us in the event that the funds available to us outside of the trust account are subsequently
determined to be insufficient. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants
to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop 
provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around
for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed
business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement
where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether
as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with
respect to, a target business. 

In
the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of 650,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust
account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount.
The amount held in the trust account will not be impacted as a result of such increase or decrease. Conversely, in the event that
the offering expenses are less than our estimate of 650,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account
would increase by a corresponding amount. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our
sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our
management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances
would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business
combination. Up to 2,100,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement warrants of the post-business combination
entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement
warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our
sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver
against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. Any such event in the future may negatively impact the
analysis regarding our ability to continue as a going concern at such time. If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust
account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.20 per unit, or possibly less, on our redemption of
our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

28 

Subsequent
to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment
or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our
securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even
if we conduct due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material
issues that may be present within a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary
amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result
of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other
charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks
may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these
charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could
contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net
worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue
of our obtaining debt financing to partially finance the initial business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, any shareholders or
warrant holders who choose to remain shareholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the
value of their securities. Such shareholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they
are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary
duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender
offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

If
third parties bring claims against us, the funds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per unit. 

Our
placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all
vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders,
such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims
against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar
claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim
against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims
to the monies held in the trust account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us
and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if management believes that such third party s engagement would be
in the best interests of the company under the circumstances. Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the
underwriters of our IPO will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. 

Examples
of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant
whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would
agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition,
there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption
of our public shares, if we have not completed our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise
of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors
that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount
received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.20 per unit initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors.
Pursuant to the letter agreement included as an exhibit to the registration statement for our IPO, our sponsor has agreed that it will
be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting
firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter
of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account
to below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per unit and (ii) the actual amount per unit held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation
of the trust account, if less than 10.20 per unit due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided
 that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and
all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under
our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we
have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has
sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company.
Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully
made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than
 10.20 per unit. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount
per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by
third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

29 

Our
directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in
the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. 

In
the event that the funds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per unit and (ii) the actual amount per public
share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.20 per unit due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy his obligations
or that he has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance
if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable
or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce
these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may
be reduced below 10.20 per unit. 

The
securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value
of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.20 per unit. 

The
proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less
or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S.
government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they
have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in
recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt
similar policies in the United States. In the event that we do not to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share
of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income earned thereon and not previously released to us to pay our taxes
(less up to 100,000 of interest income to pay dissolution expenses). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held
in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.20 per unit. 

If,
after we distribute the funds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such
proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby
exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If,
after we distribute the funds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent
conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders.
In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith,
thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing
the claims of creditors. 

If,
before distributing the funds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority
over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with
our liquidation may be reduced. 

If,
before distributing the funds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the funds held in the trust account could be subject to
applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with
priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that
would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

30 

You
will not be permitted to exercise your warrants unless we register and qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares or certain exemptions
are available. 

If
the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or
qualification under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, holders of warrants will not be entitled to exercise such
warrants and such warrants may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase
of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. 

We
have not registered, and will not register, the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act
or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable,
but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable
efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective
within 60 business days following our initial business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration or redemption of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of
the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent
a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or
incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. 

If
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms of the
warrant agreement, holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead, will
be required to do so on a cashless basis, in which case the number of Class A ordinary shares that the holders of warrants will receive
upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum number of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant
(subject to adjustment). 

In
no event will warrants be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking
to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws
of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration or qualification is available. 

If
our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they
satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, not permit
holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants to do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a cashless basis in
accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act; in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect
a registration statement or register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws, and in the
event we do not so elect, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under
applicable state securities laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

In
no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above)
or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants
under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws. 

Our
shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption
of their shares. 

If
we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment
if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall
due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders.
Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad
faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing
the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and
officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were
unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine
of 18,293 and to imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. 

31 

We
may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity
for our shareholders to appoint directors. 

In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are required to hold an annual general meeting no later than one year after
our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary
general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity
to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one
class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first general meeting)
serving a three-year term. In addition, as holders of our Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right to
vote on the appointment of directors until after the consummation of our initial business combination. In addition, as holders of our
Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors until after the consummation
of our initial business combination. 

Because
we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any target businesses with
which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s
operations. 

Although
we expect to invest in a Brazilian company, our efforts to identify a prospective initial business combination target will not be limited
to a particular industry, sector or geographic region in Latin America. While we may pursue an initial business combination opportunity
in any industry or sector, we intend to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business or businesses
that can benefit from our management team s established global relationships and operating experience. Our management team has
extensive experience in strategy and finance, including companies in sectors with strong growth potential benefiting from positive trends
in the region, including, but not limited to, healthcare, technology, education services, consumer and retail. Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association prohibit us from effectuating a business combination with another blank check company or similar
company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a business
combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results
of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we
may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially
unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business
and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate
the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control
and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot
assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such
opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following
the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for
such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors
of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws
that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material
misstatement or material omission. 

If
we consider an initial business combination with an affiliated entity or if our board of directors is not able to independently determine
the fair market value of the target business, such transaction would be subject to approval by a majority of our independent and disinterested
directors. We would not be required to obtain an opinion from a third party firm in such event to address whether the business combination
is fair to our public shareholders from a financial point of view, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source
that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. 

If
our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, or if we are
considering an initial business combination with an affiliated entity, such transaction would be subject to approval by a majority of
our independent and disinterested directors. We would not be required to obtain an opinion from a third party firm in such event to address
whether the business combination is fair to our public shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders
will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted
by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related
to our initial business combination. 

32 

Unlike
some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial shareholders will receive additional Class A ordinary
shares if we issue certain shares to consummate an initial business combination. 

The
founder shares may be converted into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or following the consummation of our initial business
combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, 25 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after
such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders and regardless of whether the
founder shares have converted), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion
or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection with or in relation to the
consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or
convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement
warrants to be issued to our sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans; provided that such conversion
of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

We
may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely
affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Although
we have no commitments as of December 31, 2022 to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we
may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur
any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies
held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account.
Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination
 are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments
 when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial
 ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is
 payable on demand; 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants
 restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

33 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will
 reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses,
 capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry
 in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions
 and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
 debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages
 compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We
may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds from our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants,
which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of
diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

The
net proceeds from our IPO and the private placement of warrants provided us with 205,275,000 that we may use to complete our initial
business combination (after taking into account the 7,043,750 of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account,
and offering expenses and working capital costs of 2,100,000). 

We
may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within
a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business
because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma
financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they
had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations
or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete
several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success
may be: 

solely
 dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or 

dependent
 upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes
 or services. 

This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial
adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We
may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete
our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers
to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make
it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we
could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence
investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations
and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks,
it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

34 

We
may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which
could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. 

We
may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements.
While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements,
the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. 

To
the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we
may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent
us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business
and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business
combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated,
we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and
leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business.
Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. 

Our
management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance
that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably
operate such business. 

We
may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares
will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if
the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50 or
more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest
in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example,
we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding
capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target, or issue a substantial number of new shares to third-parties in connection
with financing our initial business combination or issue a substantial number of new shares to third-parties in connection with financing
our initial business combination. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance
of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a
majority of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders
may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares
than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the
target business. 

We
do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete
our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum
cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate
purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination
even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor,
officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for
all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to
the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business
combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we
instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

35 

Certain
agreements related to our IPO may be amended without shareholder approval. 

Each
of the agreements related to our IPO to which we are a party, other than (i) the warrant agreement (except for provisions of the warrant
agreement enabling amendments without shareholder or warrant holder approval that are necessary or advisable in the good faith determination
of our board of directors (taking into account then existing market precedents) to allow for the warrants to be classified as equity
in our financial statements, provided that any modifications or amendments that would increase the warrant price or shorten the
exercise period shall require the approval of the warrant holders in accordance with the warrant agreement) and (ii) the investment management
trust agreement, may be amended without shareholder approval. Such agreements include the underwriting agreement; the letter agreement
among us and our initial shareholders, sponsor, officers and directors; the registration rights agreement among us and our initial shareholders;
the private placement warrants purchase agreement between us and our sponsor; and a forward purchase agreement between us and our sponsor
we may enter into following consummation of our IPO. These agreements contain various provisions that our public shareholders might deem
to be material. For example, our letter agreement and the underwriting agreement contain certain lock-up provisions with respect to the
founder shares, private placement warrants and other securities held by our initial shareholders, sponsor, officers and directors. Amendments
to such agreements would require the consent of the applicable parties thereto and would need to be approved by our board of directors,
which may do so for a variety of reasons, including to facilitate our initial business combination. While we do not expect our board
of directors to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our
board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments
to any such agreement. Any amendment entered into in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination will be disclosed
in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to such initial business combination, and any other material
amendment to any of our material agreements will be disclosed in a filing with the SEC. Any such amendments would not require approval
from our shareholders, may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and
may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. For example, amendments to the lock-up provision discussed
above may result in our initial shareholders selling their securities earlier than they would otherwise be permitted, which may have
an adverse effect on the price of our securities. 

Our
initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder
vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Prior
to the initial business combination, the holders of founder shares will hold approximately 25 of the combined voting power of the founder
shares and public shares voting together as a single class (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted and the parties to the
letter agreement have not acquired any Class A ordinary shares). Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring
a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association. Neither our initial shareholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention
to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this annual report. Factors that would be considered in making such additional
purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors,
whose members were appointed by our sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a terms
for three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new
directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office
until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered 
board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for appointment and our initial shareholders, because
of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue
to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. 

36 

As
the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may
be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in
our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets
for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special
purpose acquisition companies preparing for an IPO, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times,
fewer attractive targets may be available to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available
targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets
companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry
sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, the COVID-19 pandemic and government measures taken to curb the spread of the virus, or increases
in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase
the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result
in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 

Risks
Relating to Our Sponsor and Management Team 

We
are dependent upon our founders and officers and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our
operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our founders and officers. We believe that
our success depends on the continued service of our founders and officers, at least until we have completed our initial business combination.
In addition, our founders and officers are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will
have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations
and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our
founders or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our founders or officers could have a detrimental effect
on us. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of
our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact
the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key
personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target
business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the
management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial
business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be
unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources
helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

Our
key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination,
and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may
provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts
of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our
key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to
negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously
with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments
and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could
make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such
individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman
Islands law. 

37 

Our
officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to
how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial
business combination. 

Our
officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest
in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend
to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in other
business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific
number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our
officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess
of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our
ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our officers and directors other business
affairs, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers. 

Our
officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other
entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be
presented. 

Until
we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses.
Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to
such entity. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should
be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior
to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer
shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same
or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an
opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer on
the one hand, and us, on the other. 

In
addition, our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours
or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such
companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However,
we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to identify and pursue business combination opportunities
or to complete our initial business combination. 

For
a complete discussion of our officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that
you should be aware of, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive
Officers, Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest and Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Our
officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our
interests. 

We
have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect
pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or
have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors,
officers or funds managed by certain of our affiliates. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging
for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict
between their interests and ours. 

38 

The
personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target
business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and
selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of
a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a
breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals
for infringing on our shareholders rights. See the section titled Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance Conflicts of Interest for further information on the ability to bring such claims. However, we might not ultimately
be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 

We
may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated
with our sponsor, officers, directors, existing holders or funds managed by certain of our affiliates, which may raise potential conflicts
of interest. 

In
light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses
affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors, existing holders or funds managed by certain of our affiliates. Our directors also
serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest. Such entities may compete with us for business combination
opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial
business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business
combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any
affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business
combination as set forth in Item 1. Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Evaluation of a Target Business
and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested
directors. We would not be required to obtain an opinion from a third party firm in such event to address whether the business combination
is fair to our public shareholders from a financial point of view. Despite being subject to approval by a majority of our independent
and disinterested directors regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or
more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors, existing holders or funds managed by certain
of our affiliates, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be
as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

Certain
members of our board of directors and management team may be involved in and have a greater financial interest in the performance of
other entities affiliated with our sponsor, and such activities may create conflicts of interest in making decisions on our behalf. 

Certain
of our directors and members of our management team may be subject to a variety of conflicts of interest relating to their responsibilities
to our sponsor and its other affiliates. Such individuals may serve as members of management or a board of directors (or in similar such
capacity) to various other affiliated entities. Such positions may create a conflict between the advice and investment opportunities
provided to such entities and the responsibilities owed to us. The other entities in which such individuals may become involved may have
investment objectives that overlap with ours. Furthermore, certain of our principals and employees may have a greater financial interest
in the performance of such other affiliated entities than our performance. Such involvement may create conflicts of interest in sourcing
investment opportunities on our behalf and on behalf of such other entities. 

39 

Risks
Relating to Our Securities 

You
will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate
your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our
public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of
an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected
to redeem, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted
in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares
if we do not complete our initial business combination by May 23, 2023 (or November 23, 2023 if we extend the period of time to consummate
our initial business combination in accordance with the terms described in our final prospectus) or (B) with respect to any other material
provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public
shares if we have not completed an initial business combination by May 23, 2023 (or November 23, 2023 if we extend the period of time
to consummate our initial business combination in accordance with the terms described in our final prospectus), subject to applicable
law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the
trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the funds held in the trust account. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment,
you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq
may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities
and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our
units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq. Although we expect to meet on a pro forma basis Nasdaq s
minimum initial listing standards, which generally only require that we meet certain requirements relating to shareholders equity,
market capitalization, aggregate market value of publicly held shares and distribution requirements, we cannot assure you that our securities
will be, or will continue to be, listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing
our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price
levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in shareholders equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders
of our securities (generally 400 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required
to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing
requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our share price would generally
be required to be at least 4.00 per share and our shareholders equity would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 

If
Nasdaq were to delist our securities prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, or we were to voluntarily delist our
securities prior to such time, we would no longer be required to complete a business combination having an aggregate fair market value
of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting commissions held in the trust
account). This would allow us to acquire a target business valued substantially below the amount of funds in our trust account. 

If
Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities
exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material
adverse consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
 liquidity for our securities; 

a
 determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will
 require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules
 and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market
 for our securities; 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

40 

The
National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the
sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units and eventually our Class A ordinary
shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute.
Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate
companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the
sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the
sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check
companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies
in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute
and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

Holders
of our public shares are not entitled to vote on the appointment of directors prior to our initial business combination. 

Prior
to our initial business combination, only holders of Class B ordinary shares have the right to appointment directors in any general meeting.
Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. Accordingly, holders of our
public shares may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the completion of an initial business combination. 

You
are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since
the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination
with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States
securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,001 as of the completion of our IPO and the sale of
the private placement warrants and we filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact,
we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors
are not afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units were immediately tradable and we
have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our IPO
were subject to Rule 419, that rule would have prohibited the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us
unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose
the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect
to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our IPO without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. 
However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against
our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete
our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market
transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial
business combination. As a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares,
would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

41 

Our
warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which
could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our
warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating
in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New
York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction,
which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive
jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by
the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive
forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and
to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of
the forum provisions of our warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall
be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection
with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service
of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign
action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This
choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for
disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement
inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs
associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements
and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions
 on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions
 on the issuance of securities, 

each
 of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition,
 we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration
 as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption
 of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,
 record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations
 that we are not subject to. 

In
order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must
ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities
do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our
assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete
a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-business combination business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to
buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to
be a passive investor. 

42 

We
do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held
in the trust account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust
agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these
instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and
selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company 
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. Our initial public is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments
in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to
occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted
in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares
if we do not complete our initial business combination by May 23, 2023 (or November 23, 2023 if we extend the period of time to consummate
our initial business combination in accordance with the terms described in our final prospectus) or (B) with respect to any other material
provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; or (iii) absent an initial business combination
by May 23, 2023 (or November 23, 2023 if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination in accordance with
the terms described in our final prospectus), our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public shareholders as part of
our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment
Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would
require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we
are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds
in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our
ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis after we call the warrants for redemption or
if there is no effective registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants will cause
holders to receive fewer Class A ordinary shares upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able
to pay the exercise price of their warrants in cash. 

If
we call the warrants for redemption, we will have the option, in our sole discretion, to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants
to do so on a cashless basis under certain circumstances described in the prospectus for our IPO. If we choose to require holders to
exercise their warrants on a cashless basis or if holders elect to do so when there is no effective registration statement, the number
of Class A ordinary shares received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his or
her warrant for cash. For example, if the holder is exercising 875 public warrants at 11.50 per share through a cashless exercise when
the Class A ordinary shares have a fair market value of 17.50 per share when there is no effective registration statement, then upon
the cashless exercise, the holder will receive 300 Class A ordinary shares. The holder would have received 875 Class A ordinary shares
if the exercise price was paid in cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s
investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of
the warrants they hold. 

The
grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders and holders of our private placement warrants may make it more difficult to
complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class
A ordinary shares. 

Our
initial shareholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares
are convertible, holders of our private placement warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement
warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and holders of securities that may
be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such units, shares, warrants or the Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of
such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class
A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult
to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or
ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares that is expected when
the ordinary shares owned by our initial shareholders, holders of our private placement warrants or holders of our working capital loans
or their respective permitted transferees are registered. 

We
may be subject to an excise tax under the newly enacted Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 in connection with redemptions of our ordinary
shares after December 31, 2022. 

The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, enacted in August 2022, imposes a 1 excise tax on the fair market
value of stock repurchased by covered corporations beginning in 2023, with certain exceptions (the Excise Tax ).
The Excise Tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its stockholders. Because we are a blank check Cayman
Islands corporations with no subsidiaries or previous merger or acquisition activity, we are not currently a covered corporation 
for this purpose. The amount of the Excise Tax is generally equal to 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time
of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the Excise Tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market
value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, there
are certain other exceptions to the Excise Tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority
to issue regulations or other guidance to carry out, and to prevent the avoidance of, the Excise Tax. The Treasury and the Internal Revenue
Service recently have issued preliminary guidance regarding the application of this excise tax, but there can be no assurance that this
guidance will be finally adopted in its current form. A repurchase that occurs in connection with a business combination with a U.S. target
company might be subject to the Excise Tax, depending on the structure of the business combination and other transactions that might be
engaged in during the relevant year. 

43 

We
believe that we were a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, for our 2021 and 2022 taxable years, and we may also
be a PFIC for our current taxable year, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

If
we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. investor in our Class A
ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. investor may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and additional
reporting requirements. We believe that we did not qualify for the PFIC start-up exception (as described in our final
prospectus under the caption Taxation U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations Passive Foreign Investment
Company Rules for our taxable year ended December 31, 2021. Therefore, we believe that we were a PFIC for our taxable years
ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. In addition, even if our business combination is completed during our current taxable
year, it is possible that we will be a PFIC for our current taxable year depending on the timing and structure of the business
combination and the nature of the income, assets and activities of the company with which we combine, the details of which are
currently unknown. If we are a PFIC during any taxable year during which a U.S. investor owns our Class A ordinary shares or
warrants, we will generally continue to be treated as a PFIC with respect to such U.S. investor s Class A ordinary shares or
warrants even if we are not a PFIC for any subsequent taxable year, unless the U.S. investor makes a deemed sale 
election. 

A
U.S. shareholder (but not warrant holder) that made a timely qualified electing fund , or QEF, election with
respect to our Class A ordinary shares may be able to mitigate the adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences under the PFIC rules
by including in its income the U.S. shareholder s pro rata share of our earnings on a current basis, whether or not they are distributed.
We will endeavor to provide PFIC annual information statements in order to enable our U.S. shareholders to make and maintain QEF elections
with respect to our 2021 and 2022 taxable years. However, there can be no assurance that we will timely provide the required information
to make a QEF election, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. 

We
urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisers regarding the application of the PFIC rules, and the availability, advisability
and consequences of making any election that may be available under the PFIC rules (including the possible combination of a
 deemed sale and QEF election with respect to our Class A ordinary shares, if a timely QEF election had not been made
previously). For a more detailed explanation of these and other elections, as well as other aspects of the PFIC rules, see the
section of our final prospectus under the caption Taxation United States Federal Income Tax Considerations 
Passive Foreign Investment Co mpany Rules. 

We
may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue additional Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of
the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution
provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest
of our shareholders and likely present other risks. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par
value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 preferred shares, par value 0.0001
per share. There are 479,875,000 and 43,291,667 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively,
available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or
shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares. The Class B ordinary shares may be converted into Class A ordinary shares
concurrently with or following the consummation of our initial business combination, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to
adjustment as set forth herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, including in certain circumstances
in which we issue Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities related to our initial business combination. We have no preferred
shares issued and outstanding. 

We
may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination
or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon
conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result
of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth therein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide,
among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders
thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination
or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate
a business combination beyond November 23, 2023 or (y) amend the foregoing provisions. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with
a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preferred shares: 

may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of our investors; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preferred shares are issued
 with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; 

could
 cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued,
 which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards,
 if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

44 

may
 have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share
 ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants. 

If
all of our founder shares convert into our Class A ordinary shares, and all of the private placement warrants are exercised, our sponsor
and initial shareholders will own, in the aggregate, approximately 62.8 of the ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

Most
blank check companies issue founder shares representing 20 of the ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the consummation of such
blank check company s IPO. We have issued 6,708,333 founder shares, of which 5,031,250 will convert into Class A ordinary shares
after our initial business combination and 1,677,083 will convert into Class A ordinary shares only to the extent our stock trades at
or above 12.50 per share as described in this prospectus. In addition, we may be required to issue 10,150,000 Class A ordinary shares
as shares underlying our private placement warrants held by our sponsor. If following our initial business combination all of the founder
shares convert into our Class A ordinary shares and all of the private placement warrants are exercised, our initial shareholders will
hold approximately 62.8 of the total ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all founder shares that
have not been converted to Class A ordinary shares on the second anniversary of our initial business combination will be exchanged on
such date, at the Company s election, for an aggregate for all such founder shares of either (i) 100 Class A ordinary shares or
(ii) cash, in an amount equal to the value of 100 Class A ordinary shares, based on the average market price of Class A ordinary shares
over the period of five trading days ending two trading days before the date of exchange. If all of our founder shares convert into our
Class A ordinary shares, the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon conversion of such shares would dilute the interest of our shareholders
relative to shareholders of other blank check companies. 

We
cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments
in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support. 

In
order to effectuate a business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions
of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, special purpose acquisition companies have
amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business
combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or
other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires a special resolution under Cayman
Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general
meeting of the company, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least a majority of the public warrants
and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with
respect to the private placement warrants, a majority of the then outstanding private placement warrants (except for provisions of the
warrant agreement enabling amendments without shareholder approval or warrant holder that are necessary or advisable in the good faith
determination of our board of directors (taking into account then existing market precedents) to allow for the warrants to be classified
as equity in our financial statements, provided that any modifications or amendments that would increase the warrant price or
shorten the exercise period shall require the approval of the warrant holders in accordance with the warrant agreement). In addition,
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to
redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A)
to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem
100 of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination by May 23, 2023 (or November 23, 2023 if we extend the
period of time to consummate our initial business combination in accordance with the terms described in our final prospectus) or (B)
with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity. To
the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of the securities offered through this registration
statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We cannot assure you that we will
not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate
our initial business combination. 

45 

The
provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and
corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of
holders of not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company (or 65 of our ordinary
shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company with respect to amendments to the trust agreement governing the release
of funds from our trust account), which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other special purpose acquisition companies.
It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion
of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Certain
other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those
which relate to a company s pre-business combination activity, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s
shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s
shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to pre-business
combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds from our IPO and the private placement of warrants into the trust
account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described
herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution under Cayman Islands law which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of
at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the
trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our ordinary shares
who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. Our initial shareholders, who collectively beneficially own 25 of our ordinary
shares, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement
and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other special
purpose acquisition companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our
shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination by May 23, 2023 (or November 23, 2023 if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination in accordance
with the terms described in our final prospectus) or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class
A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes,
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these
agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of
these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject
to applicable law. 

We
may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of
at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants, or for amendments necessary for the warrants to be classified as equity.
As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of Class A
ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our
warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any shareholder or
warrant holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision or to make any amendments that are necessary in the good faith
determination of our board of directors (taking into account then existing market precedents) to allow for the warrants to be classified
as equity in our financial statements provided that any modifications or amendments that would increase the warrant price or
shorten the exercise period shall require the approval of the warrant holders in accordance with the warrant agreement), but otherwise
requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely
affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants; provided that any amendment that solely affects the terms
of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement solely with respect to the private placement warrants will
also require at least a majority of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public
warrants (i) in a manner adverse to a holder of public warrants if holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants
approve of such amendment or (ii) to the extent necessary for the warrants in the good faith determination of our board of directors
(taking into account then existing market precedents) to allow for the warrants to be classified as equity in our financial statements
without the consent of any shareholder or warrant holder provided that any modifications or amendments that would increase the
warrant price or shorten the exercise period shall require the approval of the warrant holders in accordance with the warrant agreement).
Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least a majority of the then outstanding public
warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants,
convert the warrants into cash or shares, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon
exercise of a warrant. 

46 

The
warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information
regarding such other security at this time. 

In
certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable
for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant
to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. 

A
provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

If
(i) we issue additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our
initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds
from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial
business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value of our Class A ordinary shares is below 9.20 per share, the exercise
price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued
Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the
Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to
be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial
business combination with a target business. 

Our
warrants are accounted for as a warrant liability and recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported
in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares or may make it more difficult for us
to consummate an initial business combination. 

Following
the consummation of our IPO and the concurrent private placement of warrants, we issued an aggregate of 20,212,500 warrants in connection
with our IPO (comprised of the 10,062,500 warrants included in the units and the 10,150,000 private placement warrants) in accordance
with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment
thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, we account for these as a warrant liability and record at fair
value upon issuance any changes in fair value each period reported in earnings as determined by us based upon a valuation report obtained
from an independent third party valuation firm. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market
price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, potential targets may seek a SPAC that does not have warrants that are accounted for
as a warrant liability, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

We
may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We
have the ability to redeem the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price
of 0.01 per warrant, if, among other things, the last reported sales price of our Class A ordinary shares, or Reference Value, equals
or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like).
Please see Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of Warrants When
the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 18.00 of our final prospectus, incorporated by reference herein. If and
when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying
securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants as described above could force
you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii)
sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption
price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the volume-weighted
average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on
which we complete our initial business combination, or Market Value, of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be
redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

47 

In
addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration,
at a price of 0.10 per warrant if, among other things, the Reference Value equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for share
sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like). In such a case, the holders will be able to exercise
their warrants prior to redemption for a number of our Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market
value of our Class A ordinary shares. Please see Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption
of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 10.00 of our final prospectus, incorporated by reference
herein. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised
their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the
warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 of our Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject
to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. 

Our
warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial
business combination. 

We
issued warrants to purchase 10,062,500 Class A ordinary shares as part of the units in connection with our IPO and, simultaneously, issued
in a private placement an aggregate of 10,150,000 warrants, at 1.00 per warrant. In addition, if our sponsor makes any working capital
loans, it may convert those loans into up to an additional 2,100,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant. To
the extent we issue ordinary shares to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional
Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such
warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class
A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business
transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

Because
each unit contains one-half of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other
special purpose acquisition companies. 

Each
unit contains one-half of one warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the
units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest
in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the
warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant to
purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants
upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares,
rather than units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger
partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if it included a warrant to
purchase one whole share. 

Provisions
in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors
might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that
shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the
board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management more
difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

48 

Since
only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors, upon the listing of our shares on Nasdaq,
Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we may qualify for
exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. 

Only
holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. As a result, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled
company within the meaning of Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of
which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and
may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

we
 have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined
 under the rules of Nasdaq; 

we
 have a compensation committee of our board of directors that is comprised entirely of independent
 directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities;
 and 

we
 have a nominating and corporate governance committee comprised entirely of independent directors
 with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 

We
do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, subject to applicable
phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections
afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. 

Risks
Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries, in Particular in Latin America 

If
we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional
risks that may adversely affect us. 

We
intend to pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination,
which may subject us to additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination,
and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our
operations. 

If
we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would
be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing
our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments,
regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If
we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated
with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

costs
 and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations, including differences
 between U.S. GAAP and the International Accounting Standards; 

rules
 and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex
 corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws
 governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

49 

exchange
 listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs
 and trade barriers; 

regulations
 related to customs and import/export matters; 

local
 or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected
 changes in regulatory requirements; 

challenges
 in managing and staffing international operations; 

longer
 payment cycles; 

tax
 issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency
 fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates
 of inflation; 

challenges
 in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural
 and language differences; 

employment
 regulations; 

underdeveloped
 or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection
 of intellectual property; 

social
 unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime
 changes and political upheaval; 

natural
 disasters and public health events; 

terrorist
 attacks and wars; and 

deterioration
 of political relations with the United States. 

We
may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business
combination, or, if we complete such initial business combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

50 

If
our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time
and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following
our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management
of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar
with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time
and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues
which may adversely affect our operations. 

After
our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue
will be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant
extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which
we operate. 

The
economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect
our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be
sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected,
there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially
and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and
if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

We
will be exposed to certain risks that are particular to investing in Latin America and other emerging markets. 

In
seeking significant investment exposure in Latin American countries, we are subject to political, economic, legal, operational and other
risks that are inherent to operating and investing in these countries. These risks range from challenges in finding suitable acquisition
targets to difficulties in settling transactions markets and operating businesses once acquired. Countries in Latin America have, at
times and to varying degrees, experienced periods of economic contraction, political instability, civil strife, organized crime, corruption
and other adverse conditions. The economies of these countries are susceptible to fluctuations in certain global commodity prices and
are also impacted by adverse developments in other markets. Additionally, countries in the region tend to have significant physical and
digital infrastructure deficiencies, as compared to the United States. Governments in Latin America have in the past made significant
policy and regulatory shifts in response to social pressures, including changes in taxation. Moreover, these governments have, at times,
exercised a significant degree of control over the private sector, including due to possible nationalization, expropriation, price controls
and other restrictive governmental actions. We could also face the risk that exchange or capital controls or similar restrictions imposed
by foreign governmental authorities may restrict our ability to convert local currency received or held by us in their countries into
U.S. dollars or other currencies, or to take those dollars or other currencies out of those countries. 

Exchange
rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In
the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent
of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value
of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions.
Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business
or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a
currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target
business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 

51 

We
are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased
both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. 

We
are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission,
which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and
evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in
and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention
from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. 

Moreover,
because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time
as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs
necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations
and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. 

We
employ a mail forwarding service, which may delay or disrupt our ability to receive mail in a timely manner. 

Mail
addressed to the company and received at its registered office will be forwarded unopened to the forwarding address supplied by the company
to be dealt with. None of the company, its directors, officers, advisors or service providers (including the organization which provides
registered office services in the Cayman Islands) will bear any responsibility for any delay howsoever caused in mail reaching the forwarding
address, which may impair your ability to communicate with us. 

After
our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and
all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws
or their other legal rights. 

It
is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States
and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible,
for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers
or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers
under United States laws. 

Certain
Factors Relating to Latin America 

Governments
have a high degree of influence in the economies in which we plan to operate. The effects of this influence and political and economic
conditions in Latin America could harm us and the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Governments
in many of the markets in which we currently, or may in the future, operate, frequently exercise significant influence over their respective
economies and occasionally makes significant changes in policy and regulations. Government actions to control inflation and other policies
and regulations have often involved, among other measures, increases or decreases in interest rates, changes in fiscal policies, wage
and price controls, foreign exchange rate controls, blocking access to bank accounts, currency devaluations, capital controls and import
and export restrictions. We have no control over and cannot predict what measures or policies governments may take in the future. We
and the market price of our securities may be harmed by changes in government policies, as well as general economic factors, including,
without limitation: 

growth
 or downturn of the relevant economy; 

interest
 rates and monetary policies; 

exchange
 rates and currency fluctuations; 

inflation; 

liquidity
 of the capital and lending markets; 

52 

import
 and export controls; 

exchange
 controls and restrictions on remittances abroad and payments of dividends; 

modifications
 to laws and regulations according to political, social and economic interests; 

fiscal
 policy and changes in tax laws and related interpretations by tax authorities; 

economic,
 political and social instability, including general strikes and mass demonstrations; 

the
 regulatory framework governing the financial services industry; 

labor
 and social security regulations; 

energy
 and water shortages and rationing; 

commodity
 prices; 

natural
 disasters; 

public
 health, including as a result of epidemics and pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 

changes
 in demographics; and 

other
 political, diplomatic, social and economic developments in or affecting Latin America. 

Uncertainty
over whether Latin American governments will implement reforms or changes in policy or regulation affecting these or other factors in
the future may affect economic performance and contribute to economic uncertainty in Latin America, such as increased tax uncertainty
regarding the tax authorities interpretations of applicable tax laws and exemptions, which may have an adverse effect on our activities
and consequently our operating results, and may also adversely affect the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Recent
economic and political instability in Brazil, for instance, has led to a general negative perception of the Brazilian economy and higher
volatility in the Brazilian securities markets, which also may adversely affect us and our Class A ordinary shares. See The
ongoing economic uncertainty and political instability in Brazil, including as a result of ongoing corruption investigations, may harm
us and the price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Developments
and the perceptions of risks in other countries, including other emerging markets, the United States and Europe, may harm the economy
of the countries in which we operate and the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

The
market for securities offered by companies with significant operations in Latin America is influenced by political, economic and market
conditions in the region and, to varying degrees, market conditions in other emerging markets, as well as the United States, Europe and
other countries. To the extent the conditions of the global markets or economy deteriorate, the business of companies with significant
operations in Latin America may be harmed. The weakness in the global economy has been marked by, among other adverse factors, lower
levels of consumer and corporate confidence, decreased business investment and consumer spending, increased unemployment, reduced income
and asset values in many areas, reduction of China s growth rate, currency volatility and limited availability of credit and access
to capital, in addition to significant uncertainty results from the current COVID-19 pandemic. Developments or economic conditions in
other emerging market countries have at times significantly affected the availability of credit to companies with significant operations
in Latin America and resulted in considerable outflows of funds from Latin American countries, decreasing the amount of foreign investments
in the region. 

Crises
and political instability in other emerging market countries, the United States, Europe or other countries, including increased international
trade tensions and protectionist policies, could decrease investor demand for securities offered by companies with significant operations
in Brazil and Latin America, such as our Class A ordinary shares. For example, in 2019, political and social unrest in Latin American
countries, including Ecuador, Chile, Bolivia and Colombia, sparked political demonstrations and, in some instances, violence. In October
2019, presidential elections were held in Bolivia, Uruguay and Argentina. Controversial outcomes in Bolivia and Uruguay led to violent
protests and claims of fraudulent elections in Bolivia and a runoff election in Uruguay. Similarly, Chile experienced political unrest
and social strife, including a wave of protests and riots, beginning on October 18, 2019, sparked by an increase in the subway fare of
the Santiago Metro and widened to reflect anger over living costs and inequality. These developments, as well as potential crises and
other forms of political instability or any other as of yet unforeseen development, may harm our business and the trading price of our
Class A ordinary shares. 

53 

The
ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine may have repercussions on the world s geopolitical and economic scenarios. 

The
ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine has provoked strong reactions from the United States, the UK, the EU and various
other countries around the world, including from the members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, or NATO. Following
Russia s invasion of Ukraine beginning on February 24, 2022, the United States, the UK, the EU and other countries announced broad
economic sanctions against Russia, including financial measures such as freezing Russia s central bank assets, limiting its ability
to access its dollar reserves, the US, the EU and the UK have also banned people and businesses from dealings with the Russian central
bank, its finance ministry and its wealth funds, selected Russian banks will also be removed from Swift messaging system, which enables
the smooth transfer of money across borders. Other sanctions by the UK include major Russian banks from the UK financial system, stopping
them from accessing sterling and clearing payments, excluding major Russian companies and the state will be stopped from raising finances
or borrowing money on the UK markets, and establishment of limits on deposits Russians can make at UK banks. The US, the EU and the UK
adopted personal measures, such as sanctions on individuals with close ties to Mr. Putin, and placed visa restrictions on several oligarchs,
as well as their family members and close associates, and froze their assets. 

While
the precise effect of the ongoing armed conflict and these sanctions on the Russian and global economies remains uncertain, should tensions
continue to increase, markets may face continued volatility as well as economic and security consequences including, but not limited
to, supply shortages of different kinds, increases in prices of commodities, including piped gas, oil and agricultural goods, among others.
Given that Russia and Ukraine are among the largest grain exporters in the world, impacts on financial markets, inflation, interest rates,
unemployment and other matters could affect the global economy that is currently recovering from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Particularly, these effects could result in increased inflation in Brazil and in measures by the Brazilian government to contain inflation,
such as raising the basic interest rate, which could materially impact the cost of debt and third-party capital for financing and investing
activities across industries. 

Other
potential consequences include, but are not limited to, growth in the number of popular uprisings in the region, increased political
discontent, especially in the regions most affected by the conflict or economic sanctions, an increase in cyberterrorism activities and
attacks, exodus to regions close to the areas of conflict and an increase in the number of refugees fleeing across Europe, among other
unforeseen social and humanitarian effects. 

As
our target business may operate globally, the adverse effects global or localized of the ongoing conflict between Russia
and Ukraine, and/or economic sanctions and import and/or export controls to be imposed on the Russian government by the United States,
the UK, the EU or others, could materially affect our operations, expansion plans, and ultimately our results. 

The
ongoing economic uncertainty and political instability in Brazil, including as a result of ongoing corruption investigations, may harm
us and the price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Brazil s
political environment has historically influenced, and continues to influence, the performance of the country s economy. Political
crises have affected and continue to affect the confidence of investors and the general public, which have historically resulted in economic
deceleration and heightened volatility in the securities offered by companies with significant operations in Brazil. 

54 

The
recent economic instability in Brazil have contributed to a decline in market confidence in the Brazilian economy. Various ongoing investigations
into allegations of money laundering and corruption being conducted by the Office of the Brazilian Federal Prosecutor, including the
largest of such investigations, known as Opera o Lava Jato , have negatively impacted the Brazilian
economy and political environment. The potential outcome of these investigations is uncertain, but they have already had an adverse impact
on the image and reputation of the implicated companies, and on the general market perception of the Brazilian economy. We cannot predict
whether the ongoing investigations will result in further political and economic instability, or if new allegations against government
officials and/or executives of private companies will arise in the future. A number of senior politicians, including current and former
members of Congress and the Executive Branch, and high-ranking executive officers of major corporations and state-owned companies in
Brazil were arrested, convicted of various charges relating to corruption, entered into plea agreements with federal prosecutors and/or
have resigned or been removed from their positions as a result of these Lava Jato investigations. These individuals are alleged to have
accepted bribes by means of kickbacks on contracts granted by the government to several infrastructure, oil and gas and construction
companies. The profits of these kickbacks allegedly financed the political campaigns of political parties, for which funds were unaccounted
or not publicly disclosed. These funds were also allegedly directed toward the personal enrichment of certain individuals. The effects
of Lava Jato as well as other ongoing corruption-related investigations resulted in an adverse impact on the image and reputation of
the companies that have been implicated as well as on the general market perception of the Brazilian economy, political environment and
capital markets. We have no control over, and cannot predict, whether such investigations or allegations will lead to further political
and economic instability or whether new allegations against government officials will arise in the future. 

It
is expected that the current Brazilian federal government may propose certain reforms to stimulate the economy and reduce the forecasted
budget deficit for 2021 and following years, but it is uncertain whether the Brazilian government will be able to gather the required
support in the Brazilian Congress to pass additional specific reforms. We cannot predict which policies the Brazilian federal government
may adopt or change or the effect that any such policies might have on our business and on the Brazilian economy. In addition, the Brazilian
government is incurring significant levels of debt to finance measures to combat the COVID-19 pandemic which is expected to increase
the Brazilian budget deficit. Any new policies or changes to current policies, including measures to combat the COVID-19 pandemic, may
have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

Any
of the above factors may create additional political uncertainty, which could harm the Brazilian economy and, consequently, our business,
and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Inflation
and government measures to curb inflation may adversely affect the economies and capital markets in some of the countries in which we
operate, and as a result, harm our business and the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

In
the past, high levels of inflation have adversely affected the economies and financial markets of some of the countries in which we operate,
particularly Argentina and Brazil, and the ability of their governments to create conditions that stimulate or maintain economic growth.
Moreover, governmental measures to curb inflation and speculation about possible future governmental measures have contributed to the
negative economic impact of inflation and have created general economic uncertainty and heightened volatility in the capital markets.
As part of these measures, governments have at times maintained a restrictive monetary policy and high interest rates that have limited
the availability of credit and economic growth. 

According
to the National Consumer Price Index ndice Nacional de Pre os ao Consumidor Amplo ), or IPCA, which is
published by the Brazilian Institute for Geography and Statistics Instituto Brasileiro de Geografia e Estat stica ),
or IBGE, Brazilian inflation rates were 10.1 , 4.5 and 4.3 for the years ended as of December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019,
respectively. Brazil may experience high levels of inflation in the future and inflationary pressures may lead to the Brazilian
government s intervening in the economy and introducing policies that could harm our business and the trading price of our
Class A ordinary shares. One of the tools used by the Brazilian government to control inflation levels is its monetary policy,
specifically relating to interest rates. An increase in the interest rate restricts the availability of credit and reduces economic
growth, and vice versa. During recent years there has been significant volatility in the official Brazilian interest rate, which
ranged from 14.25 on December 31, 2015, to 2.00 on December 31, 2020. This rate is set by the Monetary Policy Committee of the
Central Bank Comit de Pol tica Monet ria ), or COPOM. On February 7, 2018, the Monetary Policy Committee
reduced the base interest rate Sistema Especial de Liquida o e Cust dia , or SELIC rate) to 6.75 and
further reduced the SELIC rate to 6.50 on March 22, 2018. The Monetary Policy Committee reconfirmed the SELIC rate of 6.50 on May
16, 2018 and subsequently on June 20, 2018. As of December 31, 2018, the SELIC rate was 6.50 . The Monetary Policy Committee
reconfirmed the SELIC rate of 6.50 on February 6, 2019, but reduced the SELIC rate to 6.00 on August 1, 2019, further reduced the
rate to 5.50 on October 30, 2019 and further reduced the rate to 4.50 on December 12, 2019. On February 6, 2020, the Monetary
Policy Committee reduced the SELIC rate to 4.25 , on March 19, 2020, further reduced the rate to 3.75 , on May 7, 2020, further
reduced the rate to 3.00 , on June 18, 2020, further reduced the rate to 2.25 and on August 6, 2020, further reduced the rate to
2.00 . On March 18, 2021, the Monetary Policy Committee raised the SELIC rate to 2.75 and further raised the rate to 3.50 on May
5, 2021, to 5.25 on August 4, 2021, to 6.25 on September 22, 2021, to 7.75 on October 28, 2021, to 9.25 as of December 19, 2021,
to 10.75 on February 2, 2022, to 11.75 on March 16, 2022, to 12.75 on May 4, 2022, to 13.25 on June 15, 2022
and to 13.75 on August 3, 2022. As of April 14, 2023, the SELIC rate was 13.75 . Conversely, more lenient government and
Central Bank policies and interest rate decreases have triggered and may continue to trigger increases in inflation and,
consequently, growth volatility and the need for sudden and significant interest rate increases, which could negatively affect us
and increase our target business indebtedness. Any change in interest rates, in particular any volatile swings, could adversely
affect our growth, results of operations and financial condition, as well as our target business. 

55 

In addition, as of July 1, 2018, Argentina is considered highly inflationary
under U.S. GAAP. Although inflation rates in certain of the other countries in which we operate have been relatively low in the recent
past, we cannot assure you that this trend will continue. The measures taken by the governments of these countries to control inflation
have often included maintaining a tight monetary policy with high interest rates, thereby restricting the availability of credit and
retarding economic growth. Inflation, measures to combat inflation and public speculation about possible additional actions have also
contributed materially to economic uncertainty in many of these countries and to heightened volatility in their securities markets. Periods
of higher inflation may also slow the growth rate of local economies that could lead to reduced demand for the products and services
of our target business. Inflation is also likely to increase some costs and expenses of our target business, which the target business
may not be able to fully pass on to customers and which could adversely affect our operating margins and operating income. 

Exchange
rate instability may have adverse effects on the Brazilian economy, our business and the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Our
functional currency is the U.S. dollar. The Brazilian currency has been historically volatile and has been devalued frequently over
the past three decades. Throughout this period, the Brazilian government has implemented various economic plans and used various
exchange rate policies, including sudden devaluations, periodic mini-devaluations (during which the frequency of adjustments has
ranged from daily to monthly), exchange controls, dual exchange rate markets and a floating exchange rate system. Although long-term
depreciation of the Brazilian real is generally linked to the rate of inflation in Brazil, depreciation of the real 
occurring over shorter periods of time has resulted in significant variations in the exchange rate between the real , the U.S.
dollar and other currencies. The real /U.S. dollar exchange rate reported by the Central Bank was R 3.259 per US 1.00 on
December 31, 2016, an appreciation of 19 against the rate of R 3.905 per US 1.00 reported on December 31, 2015. In 2017, the real 
depreciated by 1 , with the exchange rate reaching R 3.308 per US 1.00 on December 31, 2017. In 2018, the real depreciated an
additional 18 , to R 3.875 per US 1.00 on December 31, 2018. In 2019, the real depreciated an additional 4 to R 4.031 per
US 1.00 on December 31, 2019. In 2020, the real depreciated an additional 29 to R 5.197 per US 1.00 on December 31, 2020.
The real /U.S. dollar exchange rate reported by the Central Bank was R 5.581 per US 1.00 on December 31, 2021, which reflected
a 7 depreciation of the real against the U.S. dollar during 2021 due primarily to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the
Brazilian economy. The real /U.S. dollar exchange rate reported by the Central Bank was R 5.218 per US 1.00 on December 31,
2022, which reflected a 7 appreciation of the real against the U.S. dollar during 2022 due primarily to the recovery of the
Brazilian economy after the COVID-19 pandemic. As of April 13, 2023, the real /U.S. dollar exchange rate reported by the
Central Bank was R 4.910 per US 1.00, an appreciation of 5.9 of the real since December 31, 2022. There can be no assurance
that the real will not appreciate or further depreciate against the U.S. dollar or other currencies in the
future. 

A
devaluation of the real relative to the U.S. dollar could create inflationary pressures in Brazil and cause the Brazilian government
to, among other measures, increase interest rates. Any depreciation of the real may generally restrict access to the international
capital markets. It would also reduce the U.S. dollar value of our results of operations. Restrictive macroeconomic policies could reduce
the stability of the Brazilian economy and harm our results of operations and profitability. In addition, domestic and international
reactions to restrictive economic policies could have a negative impact on the Brazilian economy. These policies and any reactions to
them may harm us by curtailing access to foreign financial markets and prompting further government intervention. A devaluation of the
 real relative to the U.S. dollar may also, as in the context of the current economic slowdown, decrease consumer spending, increase
deflationary pressures and reduce economic growth. 

56 

On
the other hand, an appreciation of the real relative to the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies may deteriorate the Brazilian
foreign exchange current accounts. Depending on the circumstances, either devaluation or appreciation of the real relative to
the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies could restrict the growth of the Brazilian economy, and affect our business, results of
operations and profitability. 

We
will be subject to significant foreign currency exchange controls and currency devaluation in certain countries in which we may operate. 

Certain
Latin American economies have experienced shortages in foreign currency reserves and their respective governments have adopted restrictions
on the ability to transfer funds out of the country and convert local currencies into U.S. dollars. This may increase our costs and limit
our ability to convert local currency into U.S. dollars and transfer funds out of certain countries, including for the purchase of dollar-denominated
inputs, the payment of dividends or the payment of interest or principal on our outstanding debt. In the event that any of our subsidiaries
may be unable to transfer funds to us in the future due to currency restrictions, we are responsible for any resulting shortfall. 

Since
September 2019, the current Argentine government has tightened restrictions on capital flows and imposed exchange controls and transfer
restrictions, substantially limiting the ability of companies to retain foreign currency or make payments outside of Argentina. Furthermore,
the Central Bank of Argentina implemented regulations requiring its prior approval for certain foreign exchange transactions otherwise
authorized to be carried out under the applicable regulations, such as dividend payments or repayment of principal of inter-company loans
as well as the import of goods. As a consequence of the re-imposition of exchange controls, the spread between the official exchange
rate and other exchange rates resulting implicitly from certain capital market operations usually effected to obtain U.S. dollars has
broadened significantly. The implementation of the above-mentioned measures could impact our ability to transfer funds outside of Argentina
in the future and may prevent or delay payments that Argentine portfolio companies may be required to make outside Argentina, if any.
As a result, if we are prohibited from transferring funds out of Argentina, or if we become subject to similar restrictions in other
countries in which we operate, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition,
the continuing devaluation of the Argentine peso since the end of 2015 has led to higher inflation levels, has significantly reduced
competitiveness, real wages and consumption and has had a negative impact on businesses whose success is dependent on domestic market
demand and supplies payable in foreign currency. Further currency devaluations in any of the countries in which we operate could have
a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We
and our target business are subject to review by taxing authorities, and an incorrect interpretation by us of tax laws and regulations
may have a material adverse effect on us. 

Our
activities will require the use of estimates and interpretations of complex tax laws and regulations and are subject to review by taxing
authorities. We and our target business may be subject to the income and investment tax laws of Brazil and the other jurisdictions in
which we expect to operate. These tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and relevant governmental
taxing authorities, leading to disputes which are sometimes subject to prolonged evaluation periods until a final resolution is reached.
In making investment decisions or in establishing a provision for income tax expense and filing returns, we must make judgments and interpretations
about the application of these inherently complex tax laws. If the judgments, estimates and assumptions we use in making our investment
decisions or in preparing our tax returns are subsequently found to be incorrect, there could be a material adverse effect on our business
and results of operations. The interpretations of Brazilian taxing authorities and the other jurisdictions in which we operate are unpredictable
and frequently involve litigation, which introduces further uncertainty and risk as to tax expense. 

Infrastructure
and workforce deficiencies in Latin America may impact economic growth and have a material adverse effect on us and our target business. 

After
our business combination, our performance will depend in part on the overall health and growth of the Latin American economy, especially
in Brazil. Brazilian GDP growth has fluctuated over the past few years, with contractions of 3.5 and 3.3 in 2015 and 2016, respectively,
followed by growth of 1.3 , 1.8 and 1.4 in 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively. In 2020, Brazilian GDP contracted by 3.3 . In 2021 and
2022, Brazilian GDP grew by 5.0 and 2.9 , respectively. Growth is limited by inadequate infrastructure, including potential energy shortages
and deficient transportation, logistics and telecommunication sectors, general strikes, the lack of a qualified labor force, and the
lack of private and public investments in these areas, which limit productivity and efficiency. Additionally, despite our plans to adopt
business continuity and crisis management policies, travel restrictions or potential impacts on personnel due to the COVID-19 pandemic
may disrupt our target business operations and the markets in which it operates. Any of these factors could lead to labor market volatility
and generally impact income, purchasing power and consumption levels, which could limit growth and ultimately have a material adverse
effect on us and our target business. 

57 

The
COVID-19 pandemic is expected to continue to have a negative impact on global, regional and national economies, and we would be materially
adversely affected by a protracted economic downturn. 

The
ongoing COVID-19 pandemic is expected to continue to have a negative impact on global, regional and national economies and to disrupt
supply chains and otherwise reduce international trade and business activity. Reflecting this, the COVID-19 pandemic has already caused,
since February 2020, the levels of equity and other financial markets to decline sharply and to become volatile, and such effects may
continue or worsen in the future. This may in turn further impact the stock market and private equity markets in Brazil and elsewhere
in Latin America, which may impact our future business in Latin America and our resulting business combination operations. The market
declines and volatility could negatively impact our operations causing us to incur losses as well as result in the postponement or cancellation
of expansion plans or mergers and acquisitions thereby reducing our future growth prospects, among others. The economic slowdown and
market downturn could also negatively impact our target business performance through lower demand for its products or services and higher
than expected losses, potentially leading our investors to redirect investments away from us. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and its continued
impact on the global economy may affect our ability to meet our financial targets or business combination. While it is too early for
us to predict the impacts on our target business or our financial targets that the pandemic, and the governmental responses to it, may
have, we would be materially adversely affected by a protracted downturn in local, regional or global economic conditions. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Property 

None. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

To
the knowledge of our management, there is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us
or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

58 

Part
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a)
Market Information 

Our
units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbols CRECU, CREC and CRECW, 
respectively. Our units commenced public trading on November 19, 2021. Our Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading
on January 10, 2022. 

(b)
Holders 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, four
holders of record of our Class B ordinary shares and two holders of record of our warrants. 

(c)
Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our
initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time, and we will only pay such dividend
out of our profits or share premium (subject to solvency requirements) as permitted under Cayman Islands law. If we incur any indebtedness,
our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d)
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e)
Performance Graph 

Not
applicable. 

(f)
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered
Sales 

In
March 2021, one of our officers paid 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover certain of our offering costs, in exchange
for an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares, which were temporarily issued to such officer and, on April 7, 2021, transferred to our
sponsor. In October 2021, our sponsor received a further 958,333 founder shares by way of share capitalization using the existing share
premium account. Immediately prior to our IPO, our sponsor transferred 25,000 of our founder shares to each of our three independent
directors. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by one of our officers, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible.
After our IPO, we had 6,708,333 outstanding founder shares, representing 25 of the outstanding shares at the time. Out of the 6,708,333
founder shares, 5,031,250 founder shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares after our initial business combination and 1,677,083
founder shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares only to the extent our stock trades at or above 12.50 per share as described
in our final prospectus. 

59 

The
founder shares may be converted into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or following the consummation of our initial business
combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, 25 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after
such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders and regardless of whether the
founder shares have converted), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion
or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection with or in relation to the
consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or
convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement
warrants to be issued to our sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans; provided that such conversion
of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

With
certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and
other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier
of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination,
the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 720 days
after our initial business combination, and (B) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete
a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange
their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Our
Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 10,150,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, or approximately
 10,150,000 in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our IPO. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable
for one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per ordinary share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants to the Sponsor was added to the proceeds from our IPO to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will
be non-redeemable (except as described under Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption
of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 10.00 of our final prospectus, incorporated by reference
herein) so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. 

Use
of Proceeds 

A
total of 205,275,000, comprised of 197,225,000 of the proceeds from the IPO, including 7,043,750 of the underwriter s deferred
discount, and 8,050,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account at JPMorgan
Chase Bank, N.A., maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

There
has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from such use as described in the Company s final prospectus. 

(g)
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

60 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

References
in this report (the Annual Report to we, us or the Company refer to Crescera
Capital Acquisition Corp. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors,
and references to the Sponsor refer to CC Sponsor LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere
in this Annual Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company formed under the laws of Cayman Islands on March 11, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar Business Combination with one or more businesses.
We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants,
and forward purchase securities, our capital stock, debt, or a combination of cash, stock, and debt. 

Our
sponsor is CC Sponsor LLP, a Cayman Islands limited liability company. Our registration statement for the IPO became effective on November
18, 2021. We consummated the IPO of 20,125,000 units on November 23, 2021. Each unit consisted of one Class A ordinary shares and one-half
of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ), including the issuance of 2,625,000 Units as a result of the underwriter s
(the Underwriter exercise of its over-allotment option Over-allotment Option in full. Each Unit consists
of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class A Ordinary Shares ), and one-half of
one redeemable warrant of the Company (each whole warrant, a Warrant ), with each Warrant entitling the holder thereof to
purchase one Class A Ordinary Share for 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating
gross proceeds to the Company of 201,250,000. We incurred 11,068,750 in underwriting fees (inclusive of 7,043,750 in deferred underwriting
fees) as well as 720,328 of other offering costs. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO on November 23, 2021, we completed the closing of the private placement of an aggregate 10,150,000 private
placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant to the sponsor, generating proceeds of 10,150,000. 

Upon
the closing of the IPO, the over-allotment and the private placements, 205,275,000 10.20 per unit) of the net proceeds of the sale
of the units in the IPO, the over-allotment and the private placement warrants were placed in the Trust Account with Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee and invested in United States government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days
or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment
Company Act, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) the distribution of the
trust account as described below. 

Our
management and our board of directors have broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO,
the over-allotment and the sale of private placement warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied
generally toward consummating a business combination. 

If
we have not completed our initial business combination within 24 months (if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial business
combination in accordance with the terms described in this prospectus) from the closing of the IPO, or November 23, 2023 (the Combination
Period ), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not
more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to
us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding
public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to
receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to
the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and
(iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities for the period from March 11, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the IPO, described below, our search for a target
business with which to complete a Business Combination and activities in connection with the proposed Transactions. We do not expect
to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We generate non-operating income in
the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents held after the initial public offering. We incur expenses as a result of being
a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as due diligence expenses in connection
with completing a Business Combination. 

61 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 15,514,272, which resulted from a gain on the change in fair value of derivative
warrant liabilities of 13,302,237, gain on marketable securities, along with interest and dividends of 2,950,321, and other income
of 295, partially offset by formation and operating costs of 738,581. 

For
the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net income of 1,633,867, which consists of formation and
operating costs of 88,245, unrealized gain on marketable securities, along with interest and dividends, held in the Trust Account of
 17,557, transaction costs allocated to derivative warrant liability of 498,614, gain on the change in fair value of derivative warrant
liabilities of 2,203,163, and other income of 6. 

Liquidity,
Going Concern and Capital Resources 

Our
liquidity needs were satisfied prior to the completion of our IPO through 25,000 paid by our sponsor to cover certain of our offering
and formation costs in exchange for the issuance of the founder shares to our sponsor. 

Following
the closing of the IPO on November 23, 2021, an amount of 205,275,000 10.20 per Unit) comprised of 197,225,000 of the proceeds
from the IPO and 8,050,000 of the proceeds from the Private Placement were placed in a U.S.-based trust account (the Trust Account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. Except with respect
to interest earned on the funds in the Trust Account that may be released to us to pay its expenses relating to the administration of
the Trust Account, the proceeds from the IPO held in the Trust Account will not be released until the earliest of (i) the consummation
of the initial business combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account proceeds as described below. The remaining proceeds
outside the Trust Account may be used to pay for business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions and continuing
general and administrative expenses. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 329,441, which was due to a change in fair value of derivative
warrant liabilities of 13,302,237, gain on marketable securities (net) held in Trust Account of 2,950,321, partially offset by net
income of 15,514,272 and changes in working capital of 408,845. 

For
the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 610,322. The net income
of 1,633,867 was offset by an unrealized gain on marketable securities, along with interest and dividends earned, held in the Trust
Account of 17,557, transaction costs allocated to derivative warrant liability of 498,614, gain on fair value of derivative warrant
liabilities of 2,203,163, formation and operating expenses paid in exchange for founder shares of 23,804 and changes in operating assets
and liabilities, which used 545,887 of cash. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash and marketable securities, along with interest and dividends earned, held in the Trust Account
of 208,242,878 consisting of securities held in a money market fund that invests in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity
of 180 days or less. Interest income on the balance in the Trust Account may be used by us to pay dissolution costs. Through December 31,
2022, we did not withdraw any interest earned on the Trust Account to pay dissolution costs. 

We
intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust
Account (less taxes payable and deferred underwriting commissions), to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest
income (if any) to pay taxes. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the
amounts held in the Trust Account. We expect the interest income earned on the amount in the Trust Account (if any) will be sufficient
to pay our taxes. To the extent that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business
combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target
business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had cash of 618,891 and 961,893, respectively, held outside the Trust Account.
We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due
diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses
or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure,
negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

62 

We
do not believe we will need to raise additional funds following the IPO in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our
business prior to our initial business combination, other than funds available from loans from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members
of our management team. However, if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and
negotiating an initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available
to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we may
repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that our initial business combination
does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds
from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 2,100,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business
combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement
warrants. The terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior
to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor, its affiliates
or our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all
rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had a working capital surplus of 578,139. 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor, or an
affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If
we complete a Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may
use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account
would be used for such repayment. Up to 2,100,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant unit
at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021, there were no amounts outstanding under any working capital loans. 

We
have incurred and expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. In connection with our assessment
of going concern considerations, management has determined that our liquidation deadline raises substantial doubt about the our ability
to continue as a going concern within one year from the date that the financial statements are issued. There is no assurance that our
plans to consummate a Business Combination or raise additional funds will be successful within the Combination Period. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Contractual
Obligations 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of founder shares, private placement warrants, Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants and warrants
that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any shares of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of
the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) are entitled to registration
rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding
short form demands, that we register such securities. These holders are entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration
rights. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting
Agreement 

We
granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the final prospectus relating to the IPO to purchase up to 2,625,000 additional units to
cover over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On November 23, 2021, the underwriters
fully exercised their over-allotment option. 

63 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies. 

Class
A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

All
of the 20,125,000 Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering contain a redemption feature which
 allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the our liquidation, if there
is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the business combination and in connection with certain amendments to the amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments,
which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of us require ordinary shares subject
to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all Class A ordinary shares have been classified outside of permanent
equity. 

We
recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal
the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares
are affected by charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. The redemption value of
the redeemable ordinary shares as of December 31, 2022 increased as the income earned on the trust account exceeds the Company s
expected dissolution expenses (up to 100,000). As such, the Company recorded an increase in the carrying amount of the redeemable ordinary
shares of 2,867,878 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Net
Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share 

Net
income (loss) per ordinary share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding
during the period. The remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption to redemption value is excluded from the earnings
per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture is included in the calculation
of basic income (loss) per share as of the date that the forfeiture contingency has lapsed. Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture
is included in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share as of the beginning of the interim period in which the forfeiture contingency
lapsed. We have not considered the effect of the public warrants and private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of 20,212,500
shares in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share, since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of
future events. 

The
Company has two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Earnings are shared
pro rata between the two classes of shares as long as an Initial business combination is consummated. Re-measurement associated with
the Class A ordinary shares is excluded from net income per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Warrant
Liabilities 

We
account for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific
terms and applicable authoritative guidance in ASC 480 and ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The
assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability
pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether
the warrants are indexed to our own ordinary shares, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires
the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while
the warrants are outstanding. 

For
issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component
of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification,
the warrants are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter.
Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. The fair
value of the public warrants and private placement warrants issued in connection with the initial public offering was measured at fair
value using a Monte Carlo simulation model. 

64 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect
on our financial statements. 

JOBS
Act 

The
JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will
qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements
based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting
standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such
standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that
comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

Additionally,
we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject
to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions
we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an independent registered public accounting firm s attestation report
on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act (ii) provide all of the
compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement
to the report of the independent registered public accounting firm providing additional information about the audit and the financial
statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation
between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These
exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our IPO or until we are no longer an emerging growth
company, whichever is earlier. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

The
net proceeds from our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account is invested in U.S. government treasury
obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment
Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe
there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This
information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

65 

As
of December 31, 2022, as required by Rules 13a-15 paragraphs 13(d)-15(e) and 15d-15 paragraphs 15(d)-15(e) under the Exchange Act, our principal executive officer and principal
financial and accounting officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations
implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15-15(f) under the Exchange Act), our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments
and those criteria, management determined that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act)
that occurred during the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

66 

Part
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Felipe Samuel Argalji 
 35 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Rafael Moreira Pereira 
 40 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Jaime Cardoso Danvila 
 53 
 Chairman 
 
 Daniel Arthur Borghi 
 49 
 Director 
 
 Denise Pauli Pavarina 
 58 
 Director 
 
 Rossana Isabel Sadir Prieto 
 52 
 Director 
 
 Flavio Dias Fonseca da Silva 
 45 
 Director 

Our
directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Felipe
Samuel Argalji, Chief Executive Officer 

Felipe
Samuel Argalji is our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Argalji is also a Partner of Crescera and co-responsible for the Education platform.
Prior to joining Crescera in January 2009, Mr. Argalji began his career in the private equity division of G vea Investimentos
from June 2007 to November 2008, where he covered investments in several sectors including agribusiness, logistics, retail and utilities.
He is currently a director of AOVS Sistema de Inform tica S.A. (Alura) since December 2020. He previously served as director of
Afya Ltd. (Nasdaq: AFYA), from June 2019 to August 2021, Afya Participa es S.A. (formerly NRE Participa es
S.A.), or Afya Brazil, from August 2016 to December 2019 and of Anima Educa o (B3: ANIM3) from January 2012 to January
2015. Mr. Argalji holds a Bachelor degree in Economics from IBMEC Business School, Rio de Janeiro. 

Rafael
Moreira Pereira, Chief Financial Officer 

Rafael
Moreira Pereira is the Company s newly appointed CFO. Mr. Pereira joined Crescera in July 2022 to head the Crescera s operations.
Prior to joining Crescera, he was one of the four founding members of the Greenhill office in S o Paulo (May 2014 to July 2020),
helping establish Greenhill Co. Do Brasil Assessoria Ltda. and later Seneca Evercore Advisors Ltda. (July 2020 to April 2022) as
one of the leading independent investment banks in Brazil. Mr. Pereira began his career as an analyst for Goldman Sachs (May 2006 to
February 2014) after receiving his bachelor s degree from Funda o Getulio Vargas. 

Jaime
Cardoso Danvila, Chairman 

Jaime
Cardoso Danvila serves as the Chairman of our board of directors. Mr. Cardoso is also a Partner at Crescera and is co-responsible for
its Consumer, Retail, Healthcare Services platform. Prior to joining Crescera in May 2010, Mr. Cardoso served as a Director of
mergers and acquisitions at Citigroup Global Markets from June 2000 to April 2008, Bradesco Banco de Investimentos from April 2008 to
April 2010, and as an economist at the International Monetary Fund from May 1999 to May 2000. Mr. Cardoso serves as a board member for
Hospital Vera Cruz since June 2017; Hospital Care S.A. since May 2017; Grupo S o Lucas since December 2017; Rede Oba Hortifruti
since December 2017, Vita Participa es since August 2018, Grupo Baia Sul since December 2018; Semantix Tecnologia em Sistemas
de Informa o S.A. since August 2019; Domicile Home Care Assist ncia M dica Domiciliar since August 2020;
and Grupo Zelo since August 2020. Mr. Cardoso has also served as a board member for Estapar (B3: ALPK3) from February 2012 to January
2021; Hortigil Hortifruti S.A. from September 2010 to April 2016; Latic nios S o Vicente from May 2013 to August 2019;
and Forno de Minas Alimentos S.A. from January 2014 to March 2018. Mr. Cardoso holds a Master of Arts and C. Phil degree in Economics
from UCLA. 

Due
to his extensive private equity and investment experience, we believe Mr. Cardoso is well qualified to serve as a member of our board
of directors. 

67 

Daniel
Arthur Borghi, Director 

Daniel
Arthur Borghi serves as a director on our board of directors. Mr. Borghi is also a Partner at Crescera and is co-responsible for its
Education platform. He joined Crescera in February 2008. Mr. Borghi is also a member of Afya Ltd. s board of directors, a position
he has held since July 2019. He was a member of the board of directors of Afya Participa es S.A. (formerly NRE Participa es
S.A.), or Afya Brazil, from August 2016 to December 2019, when the board of directors of Afya Brazil was extinguished. Since November
2018, he is also Co-Chief Executive Officer of Crescera, a managing director and a member of its Executive Committee. He is also currently
a member of the board of directors of Uni o Educacional do Planalto Central S.A. (UNICEPLAC) since March 2018 and Nelogica Sistemas
de Software Ltda. since December 2020. He was previously a member of the board of directors of Wide Desenvolvimento Humano e Tecnologia
S.A. from February 2015 to July 2020; Prepona Sistema de Testagem e Avalia o S.A. from July 2015 to March 2018; Passei
Direto S.A. from February 2015 to March 2018; and Guardaya Empreendimentos e Participa es S.A. (Medcel) from March 2016
to January 2019. Prior to joining the board of directors of Afya Brazil, he was a consultant at McKinsey Co. from July 2006 to
February 2008; an executive at Docas Participa es S.A. from September 2003 to June 2004; and a partner at Finance Ltda.
from May 1999 to August 2003, working in mergers and acquisitions, venture capital and restructuring. He holds a degree in electrical
engineering and telecommunications from PUC-RJ, an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University and a Specialist
Title in Finance from the Instituto Brasileiro de Mercado de Capitais IBMEC. 

Due
to his extensive entrepreneurial, investment and management experience, we believe Mr. Borghi is well qualified to serve as a member
of our board of directors. 

Denise
Pauli Pavarina, Director 

Denise Pauli Pavarina serves as a director on our board of directors. Mrs. Pavarina was Director of Companies at BNDES (Brazilian National
Development Bank) from April 2019 to September 2019, responsible for corporate credit for large companies. Before BNDES, she was an executive
director and investor relations director at Banco Bradesco from January 2012 to January 2019, managing director of Bradesco Asset Management
from January 2009 to January 2012 and, previously, head of the investment bank of Bradesco (Banco Bradesco BBI), from January 2007 to
January 2009. Mrs. Pavarina holds over 30 years of experience in financial and capital markets. She was president of the Brazilian Association
of Financial and Capital Markets (Anbima) from April 2012 to April 2016, and a member of the Advisory Boards of Cielo S.A. (B3: CIEL3)
from June 2008 to July 2009; Belgo Mineira (Arcelor Group); Alpargatas S.A. (B3: ALPA3), Latasa (Reynolds Group); Vale S.A. from February
2017 to March 2019; B3 S.A. - Brasil Bolsa Balc o (B3: B3SA3) from April 2015 to April 2019, and Hospital Care Caledonia from February
2021 to February 2023. In addition, Mrs. Pavarina was a member of the Advisory Board of BSM Supervis o de Mercados and is a member
of B3's Mergers Acquisitions Committee (CAF) since September 2019. Mrs. Pavarina is currently a board member of Solvi Essencis Ambiental
and Banco Bradesco S. A. and vice chair of TCFD (FSB) - Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures. She holds a degree in Economics
from Funda o Armando Alvares Penteado (FAAP), a Law degree from Universidade Paulista (UNIP), and post graduate degrees
in Finance from Insper and in Advanced Management from Funda o Dom Cabral and IESE - AMP. 

Due
to her extensive entrepreneurial, investment and management experience, we believe Ms. Pavarina is well qualified to serve as a member
of our board of directors. 

Rossana
Isabel Sadir Prieto, Director 

Rossana
Isabel Sadir Prieto serves as a director on our board of directors. Ms. Sadir has broad international general management experience and
strategic background in projects for country growth and turnaround, built in companies such as McKinsey Company from March 1995
to May 1996, Monsanto Chemical Company from June 1996 to May 1997, Abril S.A. from June 1997 to July 2004, Avon Cosm ticos Ltda.
from August 2004 to December 2012 and Amway do Brasil Ltda. from April 2013 to January 2020. She also has expertise as transformation
agent, leading operations through major strategic changes with significant results in digital innovation, aggressive growth, turnaround
processes, organizational restructuring and development of new commercial models. Ms. Sadir is a Certified Board of Director and member
of the Strategy Committee for IBGC (the Brazilian Corporate Governance Institute (IBGC), the BMB Material de Constru o
S.A. (Obramax) Advisory Council since November 2020, and the Committee of Strategy, Innovation and Sustainability of the Baumgart Participa es
S.A. since December 2020. She holds a Bachelor and Master degrees in Business Administration from Universidade de S o Paulo, SDA
Bocconi and Kellogg Northwestern University. Ms. Sadir is fluent in five languages, having lived in eight countries in Latin
America. 

68 

Due
to her extensive entrepreneurial, investment and management experience, we believe Ms. Sadir is well qualified to serve as a member of
our board of directors. 

Flavio
Dias Fonseca da Silva, Director 

Flavio
Dias Fonseca da Silva serves as a director on our board of directors. Mr. Dias holds experience in general management, retail, e-business,
e-commerce and CRM. Mr. Dias spent 20 years as the executive in charge in three out of the five of the top e-commerce companies in Brazil
 WMB Com rcio Eletr nico Ltda. (Walmart) from March 2007 to July 2014, Cnova Com rcio Eletr nico S.A.
from February 2016 to December 2016 and Via Varejo S.A. (B3: VVAR3) from December 2016 to January 2020. Previously, Mr. Dias was the
CEO at Banco Original S.A. from August 2014 to February 2016, the first Brazilian digital bank. Currently, Mr. Dias is an independent
board member at Afya Ltd. (Nasdaq: AFYA) since June 2020, Coppel S.A. since September 2019 and is a partner of 500 Startups since March
2020, a company in charge of building and growing the fund operations in Brazil. Mr. Dias holds a degree in Production Engineering from
FEI Centro Universit rio, an MPA from Funda o Getulio Vargas and an MBA from UCLA. 

Due
to his extensive entrepreneurial, investment and management experience, we believe Mr. Dias is well qualified to serve as a member of
our board of directors. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among the officers and directors. 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Upon
the effectiveness of the registration statement, our board of directors consisted of five members divided into three classes with only
one class of directors being appointed annually and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first general
meeting) serving three-year terms. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual
meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors,
consisting of Denise Pauli Pavarina, will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors,
consisting of Rossana Isabel Sadir Prieto and Flavio Dias Fonseca da Silva, will expire at the second annual general meeting. The term
of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Jaime Cardoso Danvila and Daniel Arthur Borghi, will expire at the third annual
general meeting. 

Only
holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to appoint directors in any general meeting held prior to or in connection with
the completion of our initial business combination. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors
during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to the rights of holders
of Class B ordinary shares to appoint directors may be amended by a special resolution passed by a majority of at least 66 2/3 
of our Class B ordinary shares voting in a general meeting. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion
of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint officers as it deems
appropriate pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our IPO. An independent
director is defined generally as a person who, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, has no material relationship
with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship
with the company). We have three independent directors as defined in Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules.
Our board of directors has determined that Denise Pauli Pavarina, Rossana Isabel Sadir Prieto and Flavio Dias Fonseca da Silva are independent
directors as defined in Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled
meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

69 

Officer
and Director Compensation 

None
of our officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Our sponsor, officers and directors, or
any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf
such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will
review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments
prior to an initial business combination will be made from funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee
review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our
directors and officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying
and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including
finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates,
prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in
the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed initial business
combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or
members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination,
because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation
to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee
constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance
committee. Both our audit committee and our compensation committee are composed solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in
rules, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely
of independent directors, and the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee and the nominating and corporate governance
committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter approved by our board
and have the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee is available on our website at https://cresceraspac.com/. 

Audit
Committee 

Denise
Pauli Pavarina and Flavio Dias Fonseca da Silva serve as the members and Rossana Isabel Sadir Prieto serve as chair of the audit committee.
Rossana Isabel Sadir Prieto, Denise Pauli Pavarina and Flavio Dias Fonseca da Silva are independent of and unaffiliated with our sponsor
and our underwriters. Under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, all the directors on the audit committee must be independent. 

Rossana
Isabel Sadir Prieto is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that she qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

70 

We
have adopted an audit committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

assisting
 board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with
 legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent registered public accounting firm s
 qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and
 independent registered public accounting firm; the appointment, compensation, retention,
 replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm
 and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving
 all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting
 firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval
 policies and procedures; reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public
 accounting firm all relationships the registered public accounting firm has with us in order
 to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations;
 obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public
 accounting firm describing (1) the independent registered public accounting firm s
 internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent
 internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the independent registered public accounting
 firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within
 the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm
 and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

meeting
 to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements
 with management and the independent registered public accounting firm, including reviewing
 our specific disclosures under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
 of Financial Condition and Results of Operations reviewing and approving any related
 party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated
 by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors,
 as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence
 with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that
 raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant
 changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards
 Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation
Committee 

Rossana
Isabel Sadir Prieto and Flavio Dias Fonseca da Silva serve as the members and Flavio Dias Fonseca da Silva serve as chair of the compensation
committee. Under Nasdaq listing standards, all the directors on the compensation committee must be independent. 

We
have adopted a compensation committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our chief
 executive officer s compensation, evaluating our chief executive officer s performance
 in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if
 any) of our chief executive officer s based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and
 any incentive compensation and equity based plans that are subject to board approval of all
 of our other officers; 

reviewing
 our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

71 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit 

arrangements
 for our officers and employees; 

producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to
any of our existing shareholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render
in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation
of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation
arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
independent legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work
of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other
adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and
the SEC. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

The
members of our nominating and corporate governance are Denise Pauli Pavarina and Rossana Isabel Sadir Prieto. Denise Pauli Pavarina serves
as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. 

We
have adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter, which will detail the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating
and corporate governance committee, including: 

identifying,
 screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria
 approved by the board, and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination
 for appointment at the annual general meeting or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; 

developing
 and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate
 governance guidelines; 

coordinating
 and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual
 directors and management in the governance of the company; and 

reviewing
 on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and
 when necessary. 

The
charter also provides that the nominating and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice
of, and terminate, any search firm to be used to identify director candidates, and will be directly responsible for approving the search
firm s fees and other retention terms. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our shareholders. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right
to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors. 

72 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one
or more officers serving on our board of directors. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our ordinary shares
to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies
of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such forms, we believe that during the period from March 11, 2021
(inception) through December 31, 2021 there were no delinquent filers. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. You will be able to review
this document by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics and the charters of the committees of our board of directors will be provided without charge upon request from us.
See the section of our final prospectus entitled Where You Can Find Additional Information. If we make any amendments to
our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics other than technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments, or grant any waiver,
including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our principal executive officer,
principal financial officer principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions requiring disclosure under
applicable SEC or Nasdaq rules, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website. The information included on our
website is not incorporated by reference into our final prospectus or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references
to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Under
Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

(i) duty
to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

(ii) duty
to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

(iii) directors
should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

(iv) duty
to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 

(v) duty
not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and 

(vi) duty
to exercise independent judgment. 

In
addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement
to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person
carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience
of that director. 

As
set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing,
or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be
forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be
done by way of permission granted in the memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. 

73 

Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to another entity pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to
such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for
an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i)
no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain
from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any
interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate
opportunity for any director or officer on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

Below
is a table summarizing the other entities to which our officers, directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations: 

Individual 
 Entity/Organization 
 Entity s Business 
 Affiliation 
 
 Felipe Samuel Argalji 
 Crescera Investimentos Ltda. 
 Investments Holding Company 
 Partner and Officer 

AOVS Sistema de Inform tica S.A. (Alura) 
 Education 
 Director 
 
 Jaime Cardoso Danvila 
 Crescera Investimentos Ltda. 
 Investments Holding Company 
 Partner and Officer 

Semantix Tecnologia em Sistemas de Informa o S.A. 
 Technology 
 Director 

Vita Participa es S.A. 
 Healthcare 
 Director 

Grupo Fartura de Hortifruti S.A. (Rede Oba Hortifruti) 
 Retail 
 Director 

Hospital Care Caledonia S.A. 
 Healthcare 
 Director 

Chicaco Prosum Participa es S.A. (Plural Care) 
 Healthcare 
 Director 

Companhia Brasileira de Planos Funer rios S.A. (Grupo Zelo) 
 Services 
 Director 

TZ Participa es S.A. (TerraZoo) 
 Retail 
 Director 
 
 Daniel Arthur Borghi 
 Crescera Investimentos Ltda. 
 Investments Holding Company 
 Partner and Officer 

Nelogica Sistemas de Software Ltda. 
 Technology 
 Director 
 
 Denise Pauli Pavarina 
 Hospital Care Caledonia S.A. 
 Healthcare 
 Director 

TCFD (FSB) Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
 Non-profit 
 Vice Chair 

Solvi Essencia Ambiental S.A. 
 Waste Management and Recycling 
 Director 

Solvi Participa es S.A. 
 Waste Management and Recycling 
 Director 

Banco Bradesco S.A. 
 Financial Services 
 Director 
 
 Rossana Isabel Sadir Prieto 
 Brazilian Corporate Governance Institute (IBGC) s Strategy Committee 
 Non-profit 
 Director 

BMB Material de Constru o S.A. (Obramax) Advisory Council 
 Advisory Services 
 Director 

Baumgart Participa es S.A. Committee of Strategy, Innovation and Sustainability 
 Industrial Products 
 Director 

Sosyo Plus Bilgi Billsim Tekn. Dan. Hiz. Tic A.S (Insider) 
 Technology 
 Director 

Diamantino Hofman Com rcio e Representa o Ltda. (Elettromec) 
 Retail 
 Director 

Ta-Ta S.A. (Grupo Ta-Ta) 
 Retail 
 Director 

Furnas Centrais El tricas S.A. 
 Energy 
 Director 
 
 Flavio Dias Fonseca da Silva 
 Afya Ltd. 
 Education 
 Director 

Coppel S.A. 
 Retail 
 Director 

Facily Solu es e Tecnologia Ltda. 
 Technology 
 Officer 

74 

Potential
investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

Our
 officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs,
 which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations
 and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to
 have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
 Each of our officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled
 to substantial compensation, and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific
 number of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our
 initial shareholders purchased founder shares prior to the date of our IPO and purchased
 private placement warrants in a transaction that closed simultaneously with the closing of
 our IPO. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us,
 pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their
 founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business
 combination. Additionally, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their
 rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder
 shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time
 frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time
 frame, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Furthermore, our sponsor, officers
 and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares and
 any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion thereof until the earlier to occur of:
 (i) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (ii) the date following
 the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger,
 share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having
 the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding
 the foregoing, if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.50
 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
 and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least
 720 days after our initial business combination, the founder shares will be released from
 the lockup. 

The
 private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
 of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion
 of our initial business combination. Because each of our officers and directors will own
 ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest
 in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which
 to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our
 officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular
 business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was
 included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial
 business combination. In addition, investment ideas generated within or presented to Crescera
 or our directors and executive officers may be suitable for both us and Crescera, a current
 or future Crescera fund or one or more of their portfolio companies and, subject to applicable
 fiduciary duties or contractual obligations, will first be directed to Crescera, such fund,
 investment vehicle or portfolio company before being directed, if at all, to us. 

75 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor,
officers, directors or funds managed by certain of our affiliates or completing the business combination through a joint venture or other
form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers, directors or funds managed by certain of our affiliates. In the event we seek to
complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors
or funds managed by certain of our affiliates, such transaction would be subject to approval by a majority of our independent and disinterested
directors to determine whether such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We would not
be required to obtain an opinion from a third party firm in such event to address whether the business combination is fair to our public
shareholders from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors,
or any of their respective affiliates, be paid by the company any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to,
or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. 

We
cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 

In
the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors
have agreed to vote their founder shares, and they and the other members of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares
and any shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Cayman
Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification
of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public
policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted
by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful
neglect. We expect to purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors
against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify
our officers and directors. We also intend to enter into indemnity agreements with them. 

Our
officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account,
and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification
provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an
initial business combination. 

Our
indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their
fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and
directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s
investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors
pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We
believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced
officers and directors. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

None
of our officers or directors have received or, prior to our initial business combination, will receive any cash compensation for services
rendered to us. Our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers,
directors or our or any of their affiliates. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting,
management or other compensation from the combined company. All compensation will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then
known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business
combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination
business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers
after the completion of our initial business combination will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent
directors. 

76 

We
are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The
existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements may influence our management s motivation in identifying or
selecting a target business, and we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the completion of our initial
business combination should be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares available to us as of April 14, 2023,
with respect to our ordinary shares held by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding
 ordinary shares; 

each
 of our officers and directors; and 

all
 our officers and directors as a group. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary
shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants
as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of April 14, 2023. 

Class
 A ordinary shares 

Class
 B ordinary shares(2) 

Name
of Beneficial Owners(1) 
 
 Number
 of Shares Beneficially Owned 

Approximate
 Percentage of Class 

Number
 of Shares Beneficially Owned 

Approximate
 Percentage of Class 

Approximate
 Percentage of Ordinary Shares 

5 
 Shareholders: 

CC
 Sponsor LLC(3) 

6,633,33 3 

98.9 

24.7 

Entities
 affiliated with Millennium Management LLC(4) 

1,366,248 

6.8 

5 .0 

Highbridge
 Capital Management, LLC (5) 

1,684,739 

8.4 

6 .3 

Entities
 affiliated with Taconic Capital Advisors L.P.(6) 

1,312,500 

6.5 

4.9 

Entities
 affiliated with Saba Capital Management, L.P.(7) 

1,554,537 

7.7 

5.8 

Entities
 affiliated with Sculptor Capital LP(8) 

900,000 

4.5 

3.4 

Entities
 affiliated Adage Capital Partners, L.P.(9) 

1,500,00 0 

7.5 

5.6 

Calamos
 Market Neutral Income Fund, a series of Calamos Investment Trust(10) 

1,500,00 0 

7.5 

5.6 

Directors
 and Officers: 

Felipe
 Samuel Argalji 

Rafael
 Moreira Pereira 

Jaime
 Cardoso Danvila 

Daniel
 Arthur Borghi 

Denise
 Pauli Pavarina 

25,000 

Rossana
 Isabel Sadir Prieto 

25,000 

Flavio
 Dias Fonseca da Silva 

25,000 

All
 officers and directors as a group (seven individuals) 

75,000 

1.1 

Less
 than one percent. 

(1) Unless
 otherwise noted, the business address of each of the persons and entities listed above is
 R. An bal de Mendon a, 27, 2nd floor, Rio de Janeiro, RJ 22410-050, Brazil. 

(2) Interests
 shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares
 may be converted into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or following the consummation
 of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. 

77 

(3) CC Sponsor LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of such shares and is
controlled by a board of managers. There are three managers in CC Sponsor LLC s board of managers: Jaime Cardoso Danvila, Daniel
Arthur Borghi and Felipe Samuel Argalji. Each manager of CC Sponsor LLC has one vote, and the approval of two of the three members of
the board of managers is required to approve an action of CC Sponsor LLC. Under the so-called rule of three, if voting and
dispositive decisions regarding an entity s securities are made by two or more individuals, and a voting and dispositive decision
requires the approval of a majority of those individuals, then none of the individuals is deemed a beneficial owner of the entity s
securities. This is the case with regard to CC Sponsor LLC. Based upon the foregoing analysis, no individual manager of CC Sponsor LLC
exercises voting or dispositive control over any of the securities held by CC Sponsor LLC even those in which he directly holds a pecuniary
interest. Accordingly, none of them will be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of such shares and, for the avoidance of doubt,
each expressly disclaims any such beneficial interest to the extent of any pecuniary interest he may have therein, directly or indirectly. 

(4) This
 information is based solely on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on January 25, 2023 on
 behalf of Millennium Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Millennium
 Management ), Millennium Group Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
 Millennium Group ),and Mr. Israel A. Englander Mr. Englander ).
 The business address of each of Millennium Management, Millennium Group and Mr. Englander
 is 399 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10022. 

(5) This
 information is based solely on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 2, 2023 on
 behalf of Highbridge Capital Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Highbridge ).
 The business address for Highbridge is 277 Park Avenue, 23rd Floor, New York, New York 10172. 

(6) This
 information is based solely on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 10, 2023 on
 behalf of Taconic Capital Advisors L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Taconic Advisors
 LP Taconic Capital Advisors UK LLP, a United Kingdom limited liability partnership
 Taconic Advisors UK Taconic Associates LLC, a Delaware limited liability
 company Taconic Associates Taconic Capital Partners LLC, a Delaware limited
 liability company Taconic Capital Taconic Capital Performance Partners LLC,
 a Delaware limited liability company Taconic Partners and Mr. Frank P. Brosens
 Mr. Brosens ). The business address for each of Taconic Advisors LP, Taconic
 Associates, Taconic Partners, Taconic Capital and Mr. Brosens is c/o Taconic Capital Advisors
 L.P. 280 Park Avenue, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10017. 

(7) This
 information is based solely on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 on
 behalf of Saba Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Saba Capital ),
 Saba Capital Management GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Saba GP ),
 and Mr. Boaz R. Weinstein. The business address of each of Saba Capital, Saba GP and Mr.
 Boaz R. Weinstein is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. 

(8) This
 information is based solely on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 on
 behalf of Sculptor Capital LP Sculptor ), Sculptor Capital II LP Sculptor-II ),
 Sculptor Capital Holding Corp. SCHC ), Sculptor Capital Holding II LLC SCHC-II ),
 Sculptor Capital Management, Inc. SCU ), Sculptor Master Fund, Ltd. SCMF ),
 Sculptor Special Funding, LP NRMD ), Sculptor Credit Opportunities Master Fund,
 Ltd. SCCO ), Sculptor SC II LP NJGC and Sculptor Enhanced Master
 Fund, Ltd. SCEN ). Sculptor, a Delaware limited partnership, is the principal
 investment manager to a number of private funds and discretionary accounts (collectively,
 the Sculptor Accounts ). Sculptor-II, a Delaware limited partnership that is
 wholly owned by Sculptor, also serves as the investment manager to certain of the Sculptor
 Accounts. The Ordinary Shares reported in the referred to Schedule 13G are held in the Sculptor
 Accounts managed by Sculptor and Sculptor-II. SCHC, a Delaware corporation, serves as the
 general partner of Sculptor. SCHC-II, a Delaware limited liability company that is wholly
 owned by Sculptor, serves as the general partner of Sculptor-II. SCU, a Delaware limited
 liability company, is a holding company that is the sole shareholder of SCHC. Sculptor is
 the investment adviser to SCMF, a Cayman Islands company. NRMD is a Cayman Islands exempted
 limited partnership. SCCO is a Cayman Islands company. Sculptor is the investment adviser
 to SCCO. NJGC is a Delaware limited partnership. Sculptor-II is the investment adviser to
 NJGC. SCEN is a Cayman Islands company. Sculptor is the investment adviser to SCEN. The business
 address of each of Sculptor, Sculptor-II, SCHC, SCHC-II, SCU, SCMF, NRMD, SCCO, NJGC and
 SCEN, is 9 West 57 Street, 39th Floor, New York, NY 10019. 

(9) This
 information is based solely on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on November 23, 2021 on
 behalf of Adage Capital Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership ACP with respect to the Class A Ordinary Shares directly owned by it; Adage Capital Partners
 GP, L.L.C., a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware
 ACPGP ), as general partner of ACP with respect to the Class A Ordinary Shares
 directly owned by ACP; Adage Capital Advisors, L.L.C., a limited liability company organized
 under the laws of the State of Delaware ACA ), as managing member of ACPGP,
 general partner of ACP, with respect to the Class A Ordinary Shares directly owned by ACP;
 Robert Atchinson Mr. Atchinson ), as managing member of ACA, managing member
 of ACPGP, general partner of ACP with respect to the Class A Ordinary Shares directly owned
 by ACP; and Phillip Gross Mr. Gross ), as managing member of ACA, managing
 member of ACPGP, general partner of ACP with respect to the Class A Ordinary Shares directly
 owned by ACP. The business address of each of ACP, ACPGP, ACA, Mr. Atchinson and Mr. Gross
 is 200 Clarendon Street, 52nd Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02116. 

(10) This
 information is based solely on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 8, 2022 on
 behalf of Calamos Market Neutral Income Fund, a series of Calamos Investment Trust Calamos with respect to the Class A Ordinary Shares directly owned by it. The business address of
 Calamos is 2020 Calamos Court, Naperville, IL 60563. 

78 

Our
initial shareholders beneficially own 25 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Only holders of Class B ordinary shares will
have the right to appoint directors in any general meeting held prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business
combination. Holders of our public shares will not have the right to appoint any directors to our board of directors prior to our initial
business combination. Because of this ownership block, our initial shareholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all
other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
and approval of significant corporate transactions including our initial business combination. 

Our
Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 10,150,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, or approximately
 10,150,000 in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our IPO. The private placement warrants are identical
to the warrants sold in our IPO except that the private placement warrants, so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted
transferees, (i) will not be redeemable by us, (ii) may not (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants),
subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of our initial
business combination, (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) will be entitled to registration rights. The
private placement warrants may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. A portion
of the purchase price of the private placement warrants was added to the proceeds from our IPO to be held in the trust account such that
at the time of closing of our IPO 205,275,000 was held in the trust account. If we do not complete our initial business combination
by May 23, 2023 (or November 23, 2023 if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination in accordance with
the terms described in our final prospectus), the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The private placement warrants are
subject to the transfer restrictions described below. 

CC
Sponsor LLC, our sponsor, and our officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the
federal securities laws. 

Transfers
of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants 

The
founder shares, private placement warrants and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each subject
to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the agreement entered into by our sponsor and management team. Those lock-up
provisions provide that such securities are not transferable or salable (i) in the case of the founder shares, until the earlier of (A)
one year after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, the
closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 720 days
after our initial business combination and (B) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete
a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange
their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants and any Class
A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof, until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination
except in each case (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliate or family member of any of our officers or directors, any affiliate
of our sponsor or to any member of our sponsor or any of their affiliates, (b) in the case of an individual, as a gift to such person s
immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of such person s immediate family, an affiliate of such person
or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of such person;
(d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection
with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement or in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices
no greater than the price at which the shares or warrants were originally purchased; (f) by virtue of the laws of the Cayman Islands
or our sponsor s limited liability company agreement upon dissolution of our sponsor, (g) in the event of our liquidation prior
to our consummation of our initial business combination; or (h) in the event that, subsequent to our consummation of an initial business
combination, we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders
having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property; provided, however , that in
the case of clauses (a) through (f) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer
restrictions and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreements. 

79 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of the (i) founder shares, which were issued in a private placement prior to the closing of our IPO, (ii) private placement warrants,
which were issued in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our IPO and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such private
placement warrants and (iii) private placement warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans will have registration
rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement. Pursuant to
the registration rights agreement and assuming 2,100,000 of working capital loans are converted into private placement warrants, we
will be obligated to register up to 18,958,333 Class A ordinary shares and 12,250,000 warrants. The number of Class A ordinary shares
includes (i) 6,708,333 Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon conversion of the founder shares, (ii) 10,150,000 Class A ordinary shares
underlying the private placement warrants and (iii) 2,100,000 Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants issued
upon conversion of working capital loans. The number of warrants includes 10,150,000 private placement warrants and up to 2,100,000 additional
private placement warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up
to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. However,
the registration rights agreement provides that we will not be required to effect or permit any registration or cause any registration
statement to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with
the filing of any such registration statements. 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities
were authorized for issuance. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

In
March 2021, Jaime Cardoso Danvila, the Chairman of our board of directors, paid 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover
certain of our offering costs, in exchange for an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares, which were temporarily issued to such officer
and, on April 7, 2021, transferred to our sponsor. In October 2021, our sponsor received a further 958,333 founder shares by way of share
capitalization using the existing share premium account. 

In
connection with our IPO and pursuant to a written agreement, our sponsor purchased through a private placement 10,150,000 warrants, each
exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, or 10,150,000 in the aggregate.
The private placement warrants will be identical to the warrants sold in our IPO except that the private placement warrants, so long
as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) will not be redeemable by us, (ii) may not (including the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders
until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and
(iv) will be entitled to registration rights. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. 

We
currently utilize office space at R. An bal de Mendon a, 27, 2nd floor, Rio de Janeiro, RJ 22410-050, Brazil from our sponsor
as our executive offices. 

80 

No
compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, officers and directors,
or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination.
In addition, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf
such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will
review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

The
Sponsor agreed to loan us up to 250,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of our IPO. As of December 31, 2022, we had borrowed
 149,008 under a promissory note with the Sponsor. The principal on the promissory note (as amended January 2023) is due on the closing
of the initial business combination. 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate
of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required on a non-interest
basis. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination
does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds
from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 2,100,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement warrants
of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical
to the private placement warrants. Except as set forth above, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written
agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans
from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds
and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

Any
of the foregoing payments to our sponsor, repayments of loans from our sponsor or repayments of working capital loans prior to our initial
business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy
solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation
will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial
business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director
compensation. 

We
have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants issued
upon conversion of working capital loans (if any), which is described under the heading Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Registration Rights. 

Policy
for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

The
audit committee of our board of directors has adopted a policy setting forth the policies and procedures for its review and approval
or ratification of related party transactions. A related party transaction is any consummated or
proposed transaction or series of transactions: (i) in which the company was or is to be a participant; (ii) the amount of which
exceeds (or is reasonably expected to exceed) the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of the company s total assets at
year end for the prior two completed fiscal years in the aggregate over the duration of the transaction (without regard to profit or
loss); and (iii) in which a related party had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Related
parties under this policy will include: (i) our directors, or officers; (ii) any record or beneficial owner of more than 5 
of any class of our voting securities; (iii) any immediate family member of any of the foregoing if the foregoing person is a
natural person; and (iv) any other person who may be a related person pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the
Exchange Act. Pursuant to the policy, the audit committee will consider (i) the relevant facts and circumstances of each related
party transaction, including if the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in arm s-length
dealings with an unrelated third party, (ii) the extent of the related party s interest in the transaction, (iii) whether the
transaction contravenes our code of ethics or other policies, (iv) whether the audit committee believes the relationship underlying
the transaction to be in the best interests of the company and its shareholders and (v) the effect that the transaction may have on
a director s status as an independent member of the board and on his or her eligibility to serve on the board s
committees. Management will present to the audit committee each proposed related party transaction, including all relevant facts and
circumstances relating thereto. Under the policy, we may consummate related party transactions only if our audit committee approves
or ratifies the transaction in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the policy. The policy will not permit any director or
officer to participate in the discussion of, or decision concerning, a related person transaction in which he or she is the related
party. 

81 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing rules require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our IPO. An independent director 
is defined generally as a person who, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, has no material relationship with the
listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with
the company). Our board of directors has determined that Denise Pauli Pavarina, Rossana Isabel Sadir Prieto and Flavio Dias Fonseca da
Silva are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors
will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
following is a summary of fees paid to Marcum LLP, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees
billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements, reviews of our quarterly financial statements
and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum LLP for audit fees, inclusive of required filings with the SEC for the period: (i) for the
year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 103,035; and (ii) from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 including the services
rendered in connection with our IPO, totaled 72,100. 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related fees
consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. For the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022,
Marcum LLP did not render such services. 

Tax
Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. For the
period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, Marcum LLP did not render such services. 

All
Other Fees . All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. For the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2022, Marcum LLP did not render any of these other services. 

82 

Part
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) 
Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID #688) 
 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) 
Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference
can be accessed on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Exhibit
No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated November 18, 2021, among the Company and UBS Securities LLC as representatives of the underwriter (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 24, 2021). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 24, 2021). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 4.2 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated November 18, 2021 between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 24, 2021). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated November 18, 2021, among the Company and its officers and directors and CC Sponsor LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 24, 2021). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated November 18, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 24, 2021). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 18, 2021, between the Company and certain security holders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 24, 2021). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated November 18, 2021, between the Company and CC Sponsor LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 24, 2021). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Promissory Note Issued to Jaime Cardoso Danvila (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-255382) filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Promissory Note Assignment Agreement between Jaime Cardoso Danvila and CC Sponsor LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-255382) filed with the SEC on October 27, 2021). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Promissory Note Agreement Amendment dated January 10, 2023 between the Company and CC Sponsor LLC. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
 herewith. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

83 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report
on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on April 14, 2023. 

CRESCERA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Felipe Samuel Argalji 

Name: 
 Felipe Samuel Argalji 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacity
and on the dates indicated below. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Felipe Samuel Argalji 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Felipe Samuel Argalji 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Rafael Moreira Pereira 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Rafael Moreira Pereira 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Jaime Cardoso Danvila 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Jaime Cardoso Danvila 

/s/ Daniel Arthur Borghi 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Daniel Arthur Borghi 

/s/ Denise Pauli Pavarina 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Denise Pauli Pavarina 

/s/ Rossana Isabel Sadir Prieto 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Rossana Isabel Sadir Prieto 

/s/ Flavio Dias Fonseca da Silva 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Flavio Dias Fonseca da Silva 

84 

CRESCERA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # F-2 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Crescera Capital Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial
Statements 

We have audited the accompanying
balance sheets of Crescera Capital Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements
of operations, changes in ordinary shares subject to possible redemption and shareholders deficit, and cash flows for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, and its cash flows for the
year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company lacks the
liquidity it needs to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be at least one year from the date that
the financial statements are issued, as it expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. In addition,
the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company currently has a mandatory liquidation
date of May 23, 2023. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2021. 

April 14, 2023 

F- 2 

CRESCERA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Marketable securities held in trust account 

Other non-current assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES, ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Promissory note - related party 

Accrued expenses 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Derivative warrant liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, par value; shares at redemption value of approximately and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit: 

Preferred shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding (excluding 20,125,000 shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption, and Shareholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

CRESCERA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the 
Year Ended 
 December 31, 
2022 
 For the 
 period from 
 March 11, 
 2021 
 (inception) 
 through 
 December 31, 
2021 
 
 Formation and operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Gain, dividends and interest on marketable securities (net), held in trust account 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Transaction costs allocation to derivative warrant liabilities 

Other income 

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares, basic and diluted(1)

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary shares

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

CRESCERA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT
TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR
THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 11, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH 
DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption(1) 
 Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of March 11, 2021 (inception) 

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor 

Proceeds from the sale of Class A ordinary shares 

Paid underwriters fees 

Deferred underwriting fees payable 

Liabilities associated to equity instruments Public Warrants 

Other offering costs 

Excess of cash received over fair value of Private Placement Warrants 

Re-measurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

Net loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Net income 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption to redemption value 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

CRESCERA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
2022 
 For the 
period from 
 March 11, 
 2021 
 (inception) 
 through 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Gain, dividends and interest on marketable securities (net), held in trust account 

Transaction costs allocated to derivative warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Formation costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other non-current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Investment of cash into trust account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Repayments of promissory note related party 

Proceeds from sale of Class A shares, gross 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants 

Offering costs paid 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash - Beginning of period 

Cash - End of period 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: 

Initial class A shares subject to possible redemption 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption value 

Offering costs included in accounts payable 

Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs 

Deferred offering costs paid through promissory note related party 

Issuance of Founder Shares to Officer in exchange for payment of legal and formation costs 

Deferred underwriting fees payable 

Initial measurement of public warrants and private placement warrants 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

CRESCERA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold,
the Public Shares ), including additional Units to cover over-allotments (the Over-Allotment Units ),
at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of (see Note 3). 

warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of
 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to CC Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor generating gross proceeds of
 (see Note 4). 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public
Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ), and was invested
in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with maturities of 185
days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended (the Investment Company Act ), which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined
by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the
Trust Account, as described below. 

of the balance in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on
the Trust Account) at the time of the signing a definitive agreement to enter a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a
Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the
target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

either immediately prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks
shareholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. 

F- 7 

CRESCERA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

or more of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written
consent. 

per share, plus any pro rata interest earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to
be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company
will pay to the representative of the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of
a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. These shares of Class A ordinary shares were recorded at a redemption
value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any),
subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining
shareholders and the Company s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution
of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirement of applicable law. The
representative of the underwriters agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the
event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included
with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution,
it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering
price per Unit ). 

per unit sold in its
offering, for an aggregate additional amount of for such extension, in exchange for a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory
note to be repaid by us following the Company's business combination. Such loan may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 
per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. 

F- 8 

CRESCERA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount
per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the day of liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.20 per share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party
or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver
is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). However,
the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether
the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations. None of the Company s officers or directors will indemnify
the Company for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

in cash held outside of the Trust Account and a working capital surplus of . 

F- 9 

CRESCERA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. 

and , respectively. 

F- 10 

CRESCERA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and in the Trust Account held in cash and money market funds, respectively. The
Company s portfolio of investments held in the Trust Account are comprised solely of U.S. government securities, within the
meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180 days or less, classified as trading
securities. Trading securities are presented on the balance sheet at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and
losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities is included in gain on marketable securities, dividends and
interest held in the Trust Account in the accompanying statements of operations. The fair value for trading securities is determined
using quoted market prices in active markets. 

F- 11 

CRESCERA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

warrants
to purchase Class A ordinary shares to investors in the Company s Initial Public Offering and simultaneously issued Private
Placement Warrants. All of the Company s outstanding warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40.
Accordingly, the Company recognizes the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjusts the instruments to fair value at
each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair
value is recognized in the statement of operations. The fair value of warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering were
measured at fair value using a Monte Carlo simulation model for the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants. 

Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows
for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender
offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified
in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to
be classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all Class A ordinary shares have been classified outside of permanent equity. 

). As such,
the Company recorded an increase in the carrying amount of the redeemable ordinary shares of for the year ended December 31,
2022. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants classified as equity 

Issuance costs allocated to Class A ordinary shares 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 

F- 12 

CRESCERA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares in the calculation of diluted income per share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent
upon the occurrence of future events. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per share

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company
is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

F- 13 

CRESCERA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Units, which includes the exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of , at 
per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement
Warrant (for an aggregate purchase price of ). Certain proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the proceeds
from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject
to the requirement of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

, to cover certain of the Company s offering costs, in exchange for an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares
(the Class B Ordinary Shares or Founder Shares ), which were temporarily issued to such officer. On April 7,
2021, the Founder Shares were transferred to the Company s Sponsor. 

Founder Shares were issued for no consideration, using the existing share premium
account, resulting in an aggregate of of Founder Shares outstanding. Prior to the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor also
transferred of the Founder Shares to each of the Company s three independent directors. 

shares that were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor. The underwriter s over-allotment opinion was exercised and these
shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. Prior to the initial investment in the Company of by the Company s Sponsor,
the Company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share purchase price of the Founder Shares was determined by dividing the amount
of cash contributed to the Company by the aggregate number of Founder Shares issued. Out of the Founder Shares, Founder
Shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares after the initial Business Combination and Founder Shares will convert into
Class A ordinary shares only to the extent the Company s share trades at or above per share as described in the final prospectus. 

Founder Shares each from the Sponsor, at their original purchase price (approximately per share) for
a total of . If the director is removed from office as director, or voluntarily resigns his position with the Company before a merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar Business Combination involving the Company, all of
the director s Class B ordinary shares shall be returned to the Sponsor. The fair value of the Founder Shares at the grant dates
was determined using an internal model using the issuance price of the Units in the Initial Public Offering as a proxy adjusting for the
value for the warrants included in the Units, for the probability the Company will consummate an initial Business Combination and for
holding costs and no rights of redemption. Valuation of the Founder Shares granted to the directors is estimated to be 
or per share. The Company will record the fair value of the transferred shares in excess of the amount paid of as director
compensation expense upon consummation of an initial Business Combination, in accordance with the guidance in ASC 718, Compensation -
Stock Compensation. 

F- 14 

CRESCERA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the sum of (i) the total number of all Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of this offering (including
the over-allotment shares as a result of the underwriter exercising its over-allotment option), plus (ii) the total number of Class A
ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion of the Founder Shares plus (iii) the total number of Class A ordinary
shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued
or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding
(x) any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed
issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination, and (y) any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor,
its affiliates or any member of the Company s management team upon conversion of working capital loans. Prior to the initial Business
Combination, only holders of Class B ordinary shares will be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors. 

to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering. The loan is non-interest
bearing, unsecured and was due at the earlier of December 31, 2022 or the closing of the initial Business Combination. In January
2023, the loan was amended retroactively to December 31, 2022 to become due only upon a Business Combination. As of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had borrowed and under the promissory note, respectively. 

of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into Private Placement Warrants of the post-initial Business
Combination entity at a price of per warrant. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not
been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

F- 15 

CRESCERA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. The underwriters fully exercised the option on November 23, 2021. 

of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or in the aggregate, which was paid upon closing of
the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the representative of the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee of of the gross
proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or . The deferred fee will become payable to the representative of the underwriters
from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms
of the underwriting agreement. 

Warrants
issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (the of Public Warrants and the of Private Placement Warrants)
in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40 Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity. Such guidance
provides that, because the Warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each Warrant must be recorded as a liability.
Accordingly, the Company classifies each Warrant as a liability at its fair value. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each
balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement, the Warrant liability will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value
recognized in the Company s statements of operations. 

). The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable,
but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of its initial Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to file with the SEC and have an effective registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of the warrants and will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days
after the closing of the Company s initial Business Combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary
shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities
Act in accordance with the above requirements, the Company will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares
to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the
securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if the
Company s Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such
that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at
its option, require holders of Public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with
Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a
registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or
qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

F- 16 

CRESCERA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares the holder of the warrant shall be entitled to receive the highest
amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant had
been exercised, accepted such offer and all of the Class A ordinary shares held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to the offer.
If less than of the consideration receivable by the holders of the Class A ordinary shares in the applicable event is payable in the
form of common equity in the successor entity that is listed on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter
market, and if the holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following the public disclosure of the consummation
of the applicable event by the Company, the warrant price shall be reduced by an amount equal to the difference (but in no event less
than zero) of (i) the warrant price in effect prior to such reduction minus (ii) (A) the Per Share Consideration (as defined in the warrant
agreement) minus (B) the value of the warrant based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Value for a Capped American Call on Bloomberg Financial
Markets. 

F- 17 

CRESCERA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

preferred shares, par value per share, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences
as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were no preferred shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, there were no Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding Class A ordinary shares
subject to possible redemption. 

Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

F- 18 

CRESCERA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Liabilities 

Warrant
 liability Public Warrants 

Warrant
 liability Private Placement Warrants 

December
 31, 2021 

Assets 

Investments
 held in Trust Account: 

Money
 Market investments 

Liabilities 

Warrant
 liability Public Warrants 

Warrant
 liability Private Placement Warrants 

per warrant as of December 31, 2022. 

Underlying share price 

Volatility 

Weighted Term to Business Combination (years) 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities with Level 3 inputs 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 

Transfer of Public Warrants to Level 1 measurement 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities with Level 3 inputs 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

F-19 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_cresceracap.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED

Exhibit 4.1 

 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT
TO 
SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

 The following description sets forth certain
material terms and provisions of the securities of Crescera Capital Acquisition Corp. we, us or our that are registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The following
description of our securities is not complete and may not contain all the information you should consider before investing in our securities.
This description is summarized from, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association, which are incorporated herein by reference. The summary below is also qualified by reference to the Companies Act and common
law of the Cayman Islands. 

 As of December 31, 2022, we had three classes
of securities registered under the Exchange Act: our Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share; warrants to purchase shares
of our Class A ordinary shares; and units consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant to purchase
one Class A ordinary share. In addition, this Description of Securities also contains a description of our Class B ordinary shares, par
value 0.0001 per share founder shares ), which are not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act but are convertible
into shares of the Class A ordinary shares. The description of the founder shares is necessary to understand the material terms of the
Class A ordinary shares. 

 Units 

 Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary
share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at
a price of 11.50 per share. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of
the company s Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. 

 The Class A ordinary shares and warrants began
separate trading on January 10, 2022 and holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component
pieces. 

 Ordinary Shares 

 Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled
to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class
B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as required by law.
Unless specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies
Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve
any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law,
which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting
of the company, and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Our board
of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors
being appointed in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders
of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors. However, only holders of Class
B ordinary shares will have the right to appoint directors in any general meeting held prior to or in connection with the completion of
our initial business combination, meaning that holders of Class A ordinary shares will not have the right to appoint any directors until
after the completion of our initial business combination. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared
by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

 Because our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a business
combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares
which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek shareholder
approval in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class
of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting)
serving a three-year term. 

1 

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing
on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings or appoint directors.
We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

 We will provide our public shareholders with
the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to
the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions
described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.20 per public share. The per-share amount we will
distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the
underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to
waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination. Unlike many special purpose acquisition companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in
conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of
such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by law and we do not
decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior
to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require these tender offer
documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption
rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or
we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many special purpose acquisition companies, offer
to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we
seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands
law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. However,
the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions, if any, could
result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention
to vote, against such initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of an ordinary resolution, non-votes will have no
effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association require that at least five days notice will be given of any general meeting. 

 If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate
of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the ordinary
shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares without our prior consent. However, we
would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial
business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete
our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares
on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we
complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 
and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

 If we seek shareholder approval in connection
with our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares
purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our
initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 6,708,334, or
33.3 , of the 20,125,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in
order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted). Additionally, each public shareholder
may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were
a public shareholder on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. 

2 

Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, if we have not completed our initial business combination by May 23, 2023, we will (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the
public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest income to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights
as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate
and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject
to the other requirements of applicable law. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant
to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares
if we fail to complete our initial business combination by May 23, 2023. However, if our sponsor or management team acquire public shares
after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public
shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

 In the event of a liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available
for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference
over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable
to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash
at a per-share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in
the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, upon the
completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein. 

 Founder Shares 

 The founder shares are designated as Class
B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in our initial
public offering, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that (i) the founder shares
are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) the founder shares are entitled to registration
rights; (iii) Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to
(A) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination, (B) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder
vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing
of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we
have not consummated an initial business combination by May 23, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to
shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, (C) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the
trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by May 23, 2023, although they
will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within such time period and (D) vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased
during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business
combination, (iv) the founder shares are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following
the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described herein and in our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, and (v) only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to appoint directors
in any general meeting held prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

3 

The founder shares will automatically convert
into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one
basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject
to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued or
deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all
founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, 25 of the sum of all Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares in issue upon completion
of our initial public offering plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with
the consummation of the initial business combination excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be
issued, to any seller in an initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor or entities affiliated
with our sponsor upon conversion of working capital loans made to the Company; provided that such conversion of founder shares will never
occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

 With certain limited exceptions, the founder
shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with
our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of
our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, the closing price of the Class A ordinary
shares equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 720 days after our initial business combination,
and (B) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange
or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash,
securities or other property. 

 Register of Members 

 Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register
of members and there will be entered therein: 

the names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or agreed to be considered
as paid, on the shares of each member and the voting rights of shares of each member; 

the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

 Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members
of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e. the register of members will raise a presumption of fact on
the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman
Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. Upon the closing of our initial public
offering, the register of members was immediately updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. Once our register of members has been
updated, the shareholders recorded in the register of members will be deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name.
However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether
the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register
of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal
position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then
the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. 

 Preference Shares 

 Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association authorize 5,000,000 preference shares and provide that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more
series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating,
optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series.
Our board of directors is able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely
affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our
board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing
a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares issued and outstanding at the date hereof.
Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 

4 

Warrants 

 Public Shareholders Warrants 

 Each whole warrant entitles the registered
holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing
on the later of one year from May 23, 2023 and 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, provided, in each case,
that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement) and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration
under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may
exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given
time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly,
unless you purchase at least three units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five years
after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

 We are not obligated to deliver any Class A
ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement
under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating
thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant is exercisable
and we are not obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon
such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the
registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with
respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and
expire worthless. In no event are we required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective
for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely
for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. 

 We have agreed that as soon as practicable,
but in no event later than fifteen (15) business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially
reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective and
to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration or redemption
of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60th) business day after the closing of our initial business
combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have
failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise
of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under
Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so
on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not
be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our commercially
reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such
event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering each such warrant for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to
the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants,
multiplied the excess of the fair market value less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and
(B) 0.361. The fair market value shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10
trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. 

5 

Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A
Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 18.00 

 Once the warrants become exercisable, we may
redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant
holder; and 

if, and only if, the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending
on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (the Reference Value ). 

 If and when the warrants become redeemable
by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all
applicable state securities laws. However, we will not redeem the warrants unless an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those
Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. 

 We have established the last of the redemption
criteria discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise
price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled
to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. Any such exercise would not be done on a cashless 
basis and would require the exercising warrant holder to pay the exercise price for each warrant being exercised. However, the price of
the Class A ordinary shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption
notice is issued. 

 Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A
Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 10.00 

 Once the warrants become exercisable, we may
redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, provided that holders will be able to exercise
their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive the number of shares determined by reference to the table set forth
under Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants based on the redemption date and
the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined below); 

if, and only if, the Reference Value (as defined above under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share
equals or exceeds 18.00 equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like); and 

if the Reference Value is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like), the private placement warrants must also concurrently be called for redemption on the same terms (except
as described herein with respect to a holder s ability to cashless exercise its warrants) as the outstanding public warrants, as
described above. 

 The numbers in the table below represent the
number of Class A ordinary shares that a warrant holder will receive upon exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this
redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares on the corresponding redemption date (assuming
holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined based on volume-weighted
average price of our Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice
of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration
date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later
than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends. 

6 

Pursuant to the warrant agreement, references
above to Class A ordinary shares shall include a security other than Class A ordinary shares into which the Class A ordinary shares have
been converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination. 

 The numbers in the table below will not be
adjusted when determining the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon exercise of the warrants if we are not the surviving
entity following our initial business combination. 

 The share prices set forth in the column headings
of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant or the exercise price
of the warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below. If the number of shares
issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the share prices immediately
prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the exercise price of the warrant after such adjustment
and the denominator of which is the price of the warrant immediately prior to such adjustment. In such an event, the number of shares
in the table below shall be adjusted by multiplying such share amounts by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable
upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon
exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. If the exercise price of the warrant is adjusted as a result of raising capital in connection with
the initial business combination, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will by multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of
which is the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments 
and the denominator of which is 10.00. 

Fair
 Market Value of Class A Ordinary Shares 
 
 Redemption Date (period to expiration of warrants) 
 10.00 
 11.00 
 12.00 
 13.00 
 14.00 
 15.00 
 16.00 
 17.00 
 18.00 
 
 60 months 
 0.261 
 0.281 
 0.297 
 0.311 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 
 
 57 months 
 0.257 
 0.277 
 0.294 
 0.310 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 
 
 54 months 
 0.252 
 0.272 
 0.291 
 0.307 
 0.322 
 0.335 
 0.347 
 0.357 
 0.361 
 
 51 months 
 0.246 
 0.268 
 0.287 
 0.304 
 0.320 
 0.333 
 0.346 
 0.357 
 0.361 
 
 48 months 
 0.241 
 0.263 
 0.283 
 0.301 
 0.317 
 0.332 
 0.344 
 0.356 
 0.361 
 
 45 months 
 0.235 
 0.258 
 0.279 
 0.298 
 0.315 
 0.330 
 0.343 
 0.356 
 0.361 
 
 42 months 
 0.228 
 0.252 
 0.274 
 0.294 
 0.312 
 0.328 
 0.342 
 0.355 
 0.361 
 
 39 months 
 0.221 
 0.246 
 0.269 
 0.290 
 0.309 
 0.325 
 0.340 
 0.354 
 0.361 
 
 36 months 
 0.213 
 0.239 
 0.263 
 0.285 
 0.305 
 0.323 
 0.339 
 0.353 
 0.361 
 
 33 months 
 0.205 
 0.232 
 0.257 
 0.280 
 0.301 
 0.320 
 0.337 
 0.352 
 0.361 
 
 30 months 
 0.196 
 0.224 
 0.250 
 0.274 
 0.297 
 0.316 
 0.335 
 0.351 
 0.361 
 
 27 months 
 0.185 
 0.214 
 0.242 
 0.268 
 0.291 
 0.313 
 0.332 
 0.350 
 0.361 
 
 24 months 
 0.173 
 0.204 
 0.233 
 0.260 
 0.285 
 0.308 
 0.329 
 0.348 
 0.361 
 
 21 months 
 0.161 
 0.193 
 0.223 
 0.252 
 0.279 
 0.304 
 0.326 
 0.347 
 0.361 
 
 18 months 
 0.146 
 0.179 
 0.211 
 0.242 
 0.271 
 0.298 
 0.322 
 0.345 
 0.361 
 
 15 months 
 0.130 
 0.164 
 0.197 
 0.230 
 0.262 
 0.291 
 0.317 
 0.342 
 0.361 
 
 12 months 
 0.111 
 0.146 
 0.181 
 0.216 
 0.250 
 0.282 
 0.312 
 0.339 
 0.361 
 
 9 months 
 0.090 
 0.125 
 0.162 
 0.199 
 0.237 
 0.272 
 0.305 
 0.336 
 0.361 
 
 6 months 
 0.065 
 0.099 
 0.137 
 0.178 
 0.219 
 0.259 
 0.296 
 0.331 
 0.361 
 
 3 months 
 0.034 
 0.065 
 0.104 
 0.150 
 0.197 
 0.243 
 0.286 
 0.326 
 0.361 
 
 0 months 

0.042 
 0.115 
 0.179 
 0.233 
 0.281 
 0.323 
 0.361 

The exact fair market value and redemption
date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption
date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued for each warrant exercised will
be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and
the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume-weighted
average price of our Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice
of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of
the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 Class A ordinary shares
for each whole warrant. 

7 

For an example where the exact fair market
value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume-weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares
as reported during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the
warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection
with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants
be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). 

 This redemption feature is structured to allow
for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at or above 10.00 per share, which may
be at a time when the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this
redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share
threshold set forth above under Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 18.00. 
Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number
of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of May 3, 2021. This redemption right provides
us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure
as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption
price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the
warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it
is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders. As
stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the
exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant
holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem
the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the
warrant holders receiving fewer Class A ordinary shares than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants
for Class A ordinary shares if and when such Class A ordinary shares were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. 

 No fractional Class A ordinary shares will
be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down
to the nearest whole number of the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants
are exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the
surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants
become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, the Company (or surviving company) will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. 

 Redemption Procedures. A holder of a
warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise
such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to
the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (as specified by the holder) of the Class
A ordinary shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

 Anti-dilution Adjustments. If the number
of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a share capitalization payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by a split-up of
ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, split-up or similar event, the number
of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding ordinary
shares. A rights offering to holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the
 historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share capitalization of a number of Class A ordinary shares
equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity
securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) one minus the quotient
of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes
(i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable
for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount
payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class
A ordinary shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class
A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

8 

In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants
are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of Class A ordinary
shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described
above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection
with a proposed initial business combination, or (d) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete
our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of
such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in
respect of such event. 

 If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary
shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar
event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or similar event, the number
of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Class
A ordinary shares. 

 Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares
purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying
the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A
ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will
be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

 In addition, if (x) we issue additional Class
A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination
at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price
to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor, without taking into account
any founder shares held by our initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued
Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest
thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the completion of our initial business combination
(net of redemptions), and (z) the volume-weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period
starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we complete our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described adjacent to Redemption
of warrants when the price per share of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent)
to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price described
adjacent to the caption Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

 In case of any reclassification or reorganization
of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A ordinary
shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in
which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our issued and outstanding
Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of
us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter
have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the
Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind
and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization,
merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received
if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders
of Class A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A ordinary shares in the successor entity that is listed
for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading
or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days
following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based
on the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction
is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants
pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. 

9 

The warrants will be issued in registered form
under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides
that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any shareholder or warrant holder to cure any ambiguity or correct
any defective provision or to make any amendments that are necessary in the good faith determination of our board of directors (taking
into account then existing market precedents) to allow for the warrants to be classified as equity in our financial statements, but otherwise
requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely
affects the interests of the registered holders. 

 The warrants may be exercised upon surrender
of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse
side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless
basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders
do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive
Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to
one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

 No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise
of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon
exercise, round down to the nearest whole number, the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. 

 Exclusive Forum Provision. Our warrant agreement
provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the
warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction
shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive objections to each such exclusive jurisdiction and
that such court represents inconvenient forum. 

 Private Placement Warrants 

 The private placement warrants (including the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the
completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions as described under Principal Shareholders
 Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants, to our officers and directors, and other persons or entities
respectively affiliated with our sponsor) and they will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor, members of our
sponsor, or their respective permitted transferees. Each of the sponsor, or its respective permitted transferees, have the option to exercise
the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. Except as described below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions
that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in our initial public offering. If the private placement warrants
are held by holders other than the sponsor, or their respective permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable
by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in our initial public offering. 

 Except as described under Redemption
of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 10.00, if holders of the private placement warrants elect
to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of Class
A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants,
multiplied by the excess of the historical fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (defined below) over the exercise
price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes, the historical fair market value will mean the average
reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which
the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on
a cashless basis so long as they are held by the sponsor, or their respective permitted transferees is because it is not known at this
time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell
our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling
our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities,
an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public
shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in the open market
in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result,
we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. 

10 

Dividends 

 We have not paid any cash dividends on our
ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within
the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by
restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

 Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

 The transfer agent for our ordinary shares
and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer
 Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and
employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for
any liability due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. 

 Certain Differences in Corporate Law 

 Cayman Islands companies are governed by the
Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law statutory enactments, and differs from
laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between
the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their
shareholders. 

 Mergers and Similar Arrangements. In
certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman
Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). 

 Where the merger or consolidation is between
two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain
prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually a majority
of 662/3 in value of the voting shares voted at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such other authorization,
if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger
between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary
company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court
waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes
certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. 

 Where the merger or consolidation involves
a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted
company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements
set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the
foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements
of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed
and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that
no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign
company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been
entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted. 

11 

Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands
exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that,
having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able
to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of
the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or
consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and
has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the
foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger
or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction;
and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation. 

 Where the above procedures are adopted, the
Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his shares upon their dissenting
to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows (a) the shareholder must
give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including
a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b)
within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give
written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice
from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent including, among other details,
a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out
in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the
constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase
his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days
following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder
fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and
any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must
be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their
shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the
shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting
shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair
value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding
shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system
at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities
exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. 

 Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory
provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally
be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as
a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme
of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate
a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and
creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders
or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at a meeting, or meeting summoned for that
purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman
Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved,
the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: 

12 

we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote
have been complied with; 

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; 

the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and 

the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount
to a fraud on the minority. 

 If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer
(as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to
receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting
shareholders of United States corporations. 

 Squeeze-out Provisions. When a takeover
offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates is made within four months, the offeror may, within
a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be
made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion
or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. 

 Further, transactions similar to a merger,
reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions, such
as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements, of an operating business. 

 Shareholders Suits. Our Cayman
Islands legal counsel is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have
been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases,
we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors
usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would
in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply
in circumstances in which: 

a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; 

the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number
of votes which have actually been obtained; or 

those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

 A shareholder may have a direct right of action
against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed. 

 Enforcement of Civil Liabilities. The
Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally,
Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States. 

 We have been advised by our Cayman Islands
legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United
States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original
actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal
securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those
circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts
of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial
on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay
the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands,
such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent
with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of
a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple
damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings
are being brought elsewhere. 

13 

Special Considerations for Exempted Companies.
 We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident
companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman
Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an
ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below: 

an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies; 

an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; 

an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; 

an exempted company may issue shares with no par value; 

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for
20 years in the first instance); 

an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; 

an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and 

an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. 

 Limited liability means that
the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional
circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances
in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). 

 Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

 The Business Combination Article of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association contains provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating to
our initial public offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be
amended without a special resolution. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has
been approved by either (i) at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a
company s shareholders at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution
has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the
company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be
approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible
under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 

14 

Our initial shareholders, who collectively
beneficially own 20 of our ordinary shares upon the closing of our initial public offering), will participate in any vote to amend our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically,
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that: 

If we have not completed our initial business combination by May 23, 2023, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held
in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest income to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of
then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including
the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable
law; 

Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive
funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on our initial business combination; 

Although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors
or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent
directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm
that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

If a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for
business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act,
and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the
same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation
14A of the Exchange Act; 

We must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the
trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time
of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

If our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares
if we do not complete our initial business combination by May 23, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to
shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity
to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described
herein; and 

We will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

 In addition, our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide we will not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less
than 5,000,001. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness
in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may
enter into following our initial public offering, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets requirement. 

 The Companies Act permits a company incorporated
in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution. A company s
articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority
is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum
and articles of association provides otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering,
structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these
provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or
waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. 

15 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Our Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association 

 Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances,
a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more general meetings. 

 Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary
shares and preference shares are available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate
purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized
but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain
control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

 Listing of Securities 

 Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants
have been approved for trading on Nasdaq under the symbols CRECU, CREC and CRECW, respectively. 

16 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.7>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-7_cresceracap.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE AGREEMENT AMENDMENT DATED JANUARY 10, 2023 BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND CC SPONSOR LLC

Exhibit
10.7 

AMENDMENT
TO PROMISSORY NOTE 

This
Amendment (the Amendment to that certain promissory note, dated as of March 12, 2021 (the Note by and among Crescera Capital Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Maker ), and CC Sponsor LLC,
a Cayman Islands limited liability company, pursuant to the promissory note assignment and assumption agreement dated April 1, 2021 (the
 Payee ), as amended on November 29, 2021, is made and entered into effective as of January 10, 2023, by the Maker
and the Payee. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS ,
the Maker and the Payee desire to amend the terms of the Note as set forth below; 

WHEREAS ,
any amendment to the Note may be made with, and only with, the written consent of the Maker and the Payee; 

NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of these premises and the mutual covenants, terms and conditions set forth herein, all of the parties
hereto mutually agree as follows: 

AGREEMENT 

1.
 Amendment to Note. Item 1 of the Note shall be replaced with the following: 

1. Principal.
 The principal balance of this Note shall be payable until the date on which Maker consummates
 the merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or
 similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ).
 In the event the Maker fails to complete a Business Combination, then the principal balance
 of this Note should be payable until the date of the liquidation of the Maker. The principal
 balance may be prepaid at any time. 

2. Retroactive
 Effectiveness. This Amendment shall be effective as of December 31 st , 2022
 and at all times thereafter, with the same force and effect as if this Amendment had been
 executed on that date. 

3. Governing
 Law. This Amendment and all actions arising out of or in connection with this Amendment
 shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York,
 without regard to the conflicts of law provisions of the State of New York or of any other
 state. 

4. No
 Other Amendments. Wherever necessary, all other terms of the Note are hereby amended
 to be consistent with the terms of this Amendment. Except as specifically set forth herein,
 the Note shall remain in full force and effect. 

5. Counterparts.
 This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be
 an original, and all of which together shall constitute one instrument. Executed signatures
 transmitted via facsimile or PDF will be accepted and considered duly executed. 

The
parties have caused this Amendment to Promissory Note to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and duly authorized officers
as of the date and year first written above. 

MAKER: 

CRESCERA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/
 Felipe Samuel Argalji 

Name: 
 Felipe Samuel Argalji 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

PAYEE: 

CC SPONSOR LLC 

By: 
 /s/ Jaime Cardoso Danvila 

Name: 
 Jaime Cardoso Danvila 

Title: 
 Director 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_cresceracap.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO
RULE 13a-14(a) 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 302
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Felipe Samuel Argalji, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Crescera Capital Acquisition Corp. (the Company ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Felipe Samuel
 Argalji 

Felipe Samuel Argalji 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_cresceracap.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO
RULE 13a-14(a) 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 302
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Rafael Moreira Pereira, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Crescera Capital Acquisition Corp. (the Company ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Rafael Moreira Pereira 

Rafael Moreira Pereira 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_cresceracap.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 
1350 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Felipe Samuel Argalji, Chief Executive
Officer of Crescera Capital Acquisition Corp. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Felipe Samuel
 Argalji 

Felipe Samuel Argalji 

Chief Executive Officer 

This
certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required
by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_cresceracap.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 
1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Rafael Moreira Pereira, Chief Financial
Officer of Crescera Capital Acquisition Corp. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Rafael Moreira
 Pereira 

Rafael Moreira Pereira 

Chief Financial Officer 

This
certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required
by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 crec-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 crec-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 crec-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 crec-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 crec-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

