<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230418_10-K_edgar_data_1855168_0001213900-23-030406.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4355445</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>280497</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>866668</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>914234</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1114742</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1073381</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-030406.hdr.sgml : 20230418
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417220016
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-030406
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230418
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Williams Rowland Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001855168
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40659
		FILM NUMBER:		23825395

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		450 POST RD EAST
		CITY:			WESTPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06880
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2033537610

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		450 POST RD EAST
		CITY:			WESTPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06880

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-030406.txt : 20230418

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_williamsrowl.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________ to
________________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of each class Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of Common Stock and one-half of one Warrant NYSE American LLC American LLC Warrants, each whole Warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at 11.50 per share NYSE American LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 
232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are
restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers
during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

At June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value
of the Registrant s shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was . 

The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s common stock
as of April 17, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

WILLIAMS ROWLAND ACQUISITION CORP. 

part
 I 
 
 2 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 2 

ITEM
 1A 
 RISK
FACTORS 
 20 

ITEM
 1B 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 
 20 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 20 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 
 20 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 20 

part
 II 
 
 21 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 21 

ITEM
 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 21 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 22 

ITEM
 7A 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 25 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 25 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 25 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 
 25 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 
 26 

ITEM
 9C 
 DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION 
 26 

part
 III 
 
 27 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 27 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 
 34 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 35 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 35 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 37 

part
 IV 
 
 38 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 38 

ITEM
 16. 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY 
 38 

i 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain statements in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the
federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s
expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts
or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The
words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K may include,
for example, statements about: 

our ability to select an
 appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete
 our initial business combination; 

our expectations around
 the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining
 or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors
 allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial
 business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our potential ability to
 obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective
 target businesses; 

the ability of our officers
 and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our public securities 
 potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for
 our securities; 

the use of proceeds not
 held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being
 subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual
results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or
more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material
respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

1 

part
I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Introduction 

Williams Rowland Acquisition
Corp. (the Company is a newly organized, blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation for the purpose of
effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one
or more businesses (the Business Combination ). 

On July 29, 2021, the Company
consummated the initial public offering (the Public Offering or IPO of 20,000,000 units (the Units ),
at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 200,000,000. The underwriters exercised their full over-allotment option to purchase
an additional 3,000,000 on August 5, 2021. Each Unit consists of one share of Common Stock and one-half of one warrant to purchase
a share of Common Stock. 

Simultaneously with the
closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of 9,900,000 warrants to the Sponsor (the Private Placement Warrants ),
at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of 9,900,000 (see Note 5 to the Notes to the
Financial Statements included elsewhere herein). Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Common stock
at 11.50 per share. The Sponsor purchased an additional 1,200,000 Private Placement Warrants as a result of the underwriters 
exercise of their full over-allotment option on August 5, 2021. 

Transaction costs of the
IPO and subsequent over-allotment exercise amounted to 16,074,841, comprised of 4,600,000 of underwriting discount, 8,050,000 of
deferred underwriting discount, fair value of founder shares transferred to Anchor Investors of 2,772,169, and 652,672 of other
offering costs. As of August 5, 2021, a total of 234.6 million of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placements were deposited
in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders. 

Extension Meeting 

On December 22, 2022, the Company held a Special Meeting of Stockholders
(the Special Meeting ). At the Special Meeting stockholders voted on and approved an amendment (the Extension Amendment to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the deadline by which the Company must complete an
initial business combination from January 29, 2023 to July 29, 2023 (or, if not a business day, to the next business day (the Extended
Date ). In connection with the approval of the Extension Amendment, the Company was required to give holders of its shares of Common
Stock sold to the public (the Public Shares the right to redeem their shares. Holders of an aggregate of 19,533,865 Public
Shares exercised their redemption rights and did not subsequently reverse that decision. The per share redemption price was 10.31. After
the redemption there was 3,466,135 Public Shares along with the 5,750,000 shares of Common Stock originally issued to the founders (the
 Founders Shares that remained outstanding that remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

In connection with the Extension,
the Company entered into Non-Redemption Agreements with certain stockholders which owned 2,431,454 Public Shares as of December 2, 2022,
pursuant to which these stockholders have committed not to redeem their redeemable shares at the Extension. In consideration of this agreement,
the Sponsor has agreed to transfer 345,674 shares its Common Stock to the Non-Redeeming Stockholders at the closing of the Business Combination. 

At December 31, 2022, the
remaining balance in the trust account after the redemptions in connection with the Extension Amendment was 35,902,882. None of the
remaining funds held in trust will be released from the trust account, other than interest income to pay any tax obligations until the
earlier of (i) our consummation of our initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of common stock that
such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of our public shares if
we are unable to consummate our initial business combination by the Extended Date, or (iii) if we seek to further amend our certificate
of incorporation to affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem all public shares if we cannot complete an initial business
combination by such further extended date. 

General 

We are a blank check company
formed as a Delaware corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or similar transaction with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Form 10-K as our initial business combination.
Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to any particular industry or geographic region, given the
experience of our management team, our acquisition and value creation strategy will focus on companies in the financial services, fintech
and technology sectors. 

2 

Our Company 

David Tiger 
Williams and Jonathan Rowland are our sponsors and will serve as our Co-Chief Executive Officers and as members of our board of directors.
Through them, we are affiliated with Williams Trading LLC and Mode Global Holdings PLC (each an Affiliated Organization ).
Williams Trading is 100 beneficially owned by Mr. Williams, its founder and Managing Member. Williams Trading is a world-class equities
execution platform for institutional investors, including hedge funds, mutual funds, family offices and other asset managers. Mode Global
Holdings PLC was founded by Mr. Rowland in 2015, and has launched a first-of-its-kind bitcoin app that allows users to access GBP, EUR
and BTC accounts, and grow their digital assets, all in one place. Mr. Williams and Mr. Rowland will together serve as our executive
leadership group (collectively, our Executive Management ). 

We believe we possess three
core competitive strengths that differentiate us as we seek to complete a business combination: 

i. 
 Experienced and entrepreneurial
 executives with histories of founding a number of successful companies; 

ii. 
 A deep and complementary
 mix of experience and skills ideal for due diligence and transaction execution success, and a proven track record of driving growth
 and value; and 

iii. 
 A focus on transaction
 opportunities within the compelling and large sectors of FinTech, software and tech-enabled services. 

We believe that the greatest
value we offer to a private financial services, FinTech, or technology company is our collective experience in creating, building and
establishing effective business processes in young companies both before and after they become public. We believe our team s deep
and complementary experience and skills represent a unique set of qualifications that position us well for transaction execution success
and post-business combination value creation. 

Our Investment Focus 

We will focus on companies
that generate revenues from the application of technology in the financial services sector. We will look to acquire a company that is
involved in activities including the following: payment systems, banking, investments, lending, insurance, software and brokerage and
digital assets. We will look to acquire a company sitting at the intersection of financial services and technology, in the U.S., Europe
or Asia, that is solving real problems for large, global markets. Our acquisition targets must have strong, scalable concepts and a highly
skilled and motivated founding team with the ability to quickly scale and maximize growth to become market leaders. 

Executive Management 

David Tiger 
Williams is our Co-Founder and Co-Chief Executive Officer. Tiger is the Founder and Managing Member of Williams Trading LLC. Prior to
founding Williams Trading, Tiger was an Associate Director at Tiger Management where he was responsible for trading the domestic equity
portfolio from 1993 through 1997. Tiger began his career on Wall Street in 1987 as a member of the Principal Training Program at E. F.
Hutton. In 1989, he joined First Boston as an Associate and Generalist Equity Sales Trader. In 1990, Tiger joined Needham and Co. as
a Vice President and in 1991 moved to Donaldson Lufkin and Jenrette, also as a Vice President. Tiger received his Bachelor of Arts degree
in Economics and Political Science at Yale University in 1984 and his Master s in Business Administration from the Stern School
of Business at New York University in 1989. 

Jonathan David Rowland is
our Co-Founder and Co-Chief Executive Officer. A banker and entrepreneur since the mid-1990 s, he is currently Founder and Executive
Chairman of Mode Global Holdings (MODE.LN), that operates Mode, a digital bank, wallet and payments platform, and Co-Founder and Non-Executive
Director of Redwood Bank, a UK-based technology-driven SME commercial lender, and has more than 25 years of experience as an investor
and Director of public and private companies globally. He has led many investments in Financial Services and FinTech companies, including
being an early investor in ZOPA in 2005, and leading the post-crisis restructuring of Kauphting Bank Luxembourg, renamed Banque Havilland,
and being the bank s CEO between 2009 and 2013. Among public companies in which he has been involved are Jellyworks PLC, which
was listed on LSE AIM in 1999 and sold eight months later to Shore Capital Plc. 

Bobby Morovati is our Chief
Financial Officer. Bobby is currently serving as the Chief Financial Officer of Williams Trading LLC. Prior to joining Williams, he was
Accounting Manager at Pali Capital, a boutique derivatives and fixed income firm, where he worked as a key member of the finance and
accounting team on all facets of the financial and operational components of the firm during its rapid growth and expansion phase. He
began his career at Pershing in 1998 as a member of the Controller s Group. He received his Bachelor of Science in Accounting from
Rutgers University. 

We believe that our management
team s operating expertise, transaction experience and relationships will provide us with a substantial number of attractive potential
business combination targets. 

3 

Our Independent Directors 

Betsy L. Battle, is one of our independent board members. She is Chief
Investment Officer and Founding Partner of Lone Peak Partners and brings more than four decades of financial services and investment experience
to Williams Rowland. Ms. Battle also serves on the board of OPAL Fuels Inc. (Nasdaq: OPAL). Prior to founding Lone Peak in 2009, she was
Director of Manager Selection and a member of the Management Committee at Soros Fund Management LLC, where, she managed multibillion dollar
portfolios of external hedge funds for the Quantum group of funds and George Soros, and built the manager selection and due diligence
processes as well as the multi-manager portfolio construction and monitoring methodologies. Prior to Soros, she held positions at Bankers
Trust, Citicorp and JP Morgan, primarily as a manager in Global Sales and Trading. She currently serves on the Board of the University
of North Carolina Kenan-Flagler Business School Foundation, the Board of Directors of the Breast Cancer Research Foundation, and the President s
Council of the Peconic Land Trust. Ms. Battle received a BA from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1976. 

William C. Kunkler is one
of our independent board members. He has over 40 years of manufacturing and operating experience and is currently Executive Vice
President of Operations for CC Industries, Inc. (CCI), a private equity firm focused on manufacturing companies and real estate investments,
where he is responsible for general operating issues and investment decisions at each of CCI s companies. He is also Vice President
of Henry Crown and Company, the parent company of CCI. Prior to joining CCI in 1995, he was Executive Vice President for Marblehead Lime
Company, a subsidiary of General Dynamics Corporation, and he began his career at USG Corp. as a project engineer. Mr. Kunkler has been
a Director of NIBCO Inc., a manufacturer of valves and fittings based in Elkhart, Indiana, since 2004 and was a Director of Sears Holdings
Corporation, a leading retailer of general merchandise, from 2009 to 2018. Mr. Kunkler received his Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical
Engineering from Yale University and his Master of Management degree from Kellogg Graduate School of Management, Northwestern University. 

Youlanda D. Deveaux is one
of our independent board members. She serves as Regional Vice President for the Caribbean and Latin America for Mandara Spa (Bahamas)
Ltd which is part of OneSpaWorld Group. She is a turnaround specialist experienced at identifying growth potential , business development,
human resources, management and financial control systems for regional high-end luxury businesses at five-star resorts in three Caribbean
countries. Ms. Deveaux received a BA from Mount Saint Vincent University and an MBA, with Distinction, from NOVA Southeastern University. 

The past performance of
our management team or that of our board of directors is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination
we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should
not rely on the historical record of our management s performance as indicative of our future performance. 

Our Target Selection Criteria 

We believe the selection
criteria for our initial business combination are designed to find the best private company candidates for public ownership: 

1. 
 Public company readiness .
 The company must be ready to be a public company. This does not necessarily mean having a string of profitable quarters, but we believe
 the company must have in place the management team, corporate culture and basic business processes durable enough to withstand the
 scrutiny of public markets. 

2. 
 Potentially dominant
 technology, service or market position. The company should have either a visionary new product aimed at a fast-growing market,
 a replacement product with overwhelming advantages that is designed to rapidly take market share from an entrenched competitor on
 a technical (not price) basis, or an established product that dominates its market and has a leading market share 

3. 
 Enthusiastic customers
 who are willing to endorse the company and its products or capabilities to the company s investors. 

4. 
 Excellent employee core
 values , as defined by Stanford s Jim Collins and Jerry Porras in their classic book Built to Last , with as
 many of the following core values as possible: 

Smart,
tough and hardworking people 

Truthful,
concise and non-political in communication, especially about bad news 

Objective,
logical, data-driven in decision making 

Problem
solvers who take responsibility for problems and solve them skillfully and quickly 

Committed
to their company and vice versa, with all employees preferably being shareholders 

Committed
to each other; people who like being with their friends at work 

4 

5. 
 An excellent company
 culture 

A
learning culture that speaks and writes precisely and embraces new ideas 

A
quality culture that demands excellence in everything it does from its most challenging product to its memos 

A
confident, but not arrogant, can-do culture that is passionate about winning and delivering results 

A
culture that respects capital as judged by its conspicuous avoidance of extravagance and effective cost control programs 

6. 
 An excellent management
 team that 

Runs
the company precisely with fully deployed, written quarterly objectives, goals and deliverables 

Leads
the company by example with an exemplary work ethic demonstrated by key executives who have put in their 10,000 hours of practice, 
as described by Malcom Gladwell in the book Outliers 

Displays
impatience with delays in new products or important company initiatives 

7. 
 A plan to grow rapidly
 by taking a dominant share of a growing medium sized market versus a small share of a huge market, as explained by Peter Thiel
 in his book Zero to One. 

8. 
 Excellent gross margin ,
 even at moderate product volumes with the runway to dramatically reduce costs as competitors counterattack. 

9. 
 A plan that allows the
 company, at least nominally, to meet street expectations appropriately for either milestones or financials for
 at least four quarters after becoming a public company. 

Our Business Strategy 

One of our business theses
is that the time-proven IPO process imposes avoidable delays and costs on both new companies and investors. We believe the increase in
SPAC IPO issuance and merger activity in 2020 validates a SPAC s ability to address some of the problems with the IPO process. 

Public technology investors
today commonly discuss these issues surrounding a typical technology IPO scenario: 

1. 
 Long delays in the IPO
 process . Fundamental investors find it difficult to own stock in companies during their pre-revenue and/or pre-profit phases
 and financial services, FinTech, and technology companies are typically required by the market to produce a string of revenue growth
 quarters with profit or near-profit before they are deemed ready to pursue an IPO. We may offer earlier access to financial services,
 FinTech, and technology companies that are reporting milestone achievements as opposed to revenue or profits, but we will also consider
 companies on the more traditional IPO track, with growing revenue on the path to profitability. 

2. 
 No IPO stock allocation .
 Many public market investors say they cannot get an allocation of a new IPO unless they enjoy preferred-customer status with one
 of the IPO s sponsoring investment banks. Our mission is to offer fundamental technology investors an opportunity to take an
 early position in an exceptional financial services, FinTech or technology company. 

3. 
 IPO discount . We
 all have seen the share price of a new IPO jump significantly during the first few days of trading. This implied discount in the
 IPO price encourages early turnover of the IPO shares and forces fundamental technology investors to pay higher share prices in the
 aftermarket to accumulate a position. 

4. 
 Committed Capital .
 SPACs can provide committed capital, thus preventing unpredictable market conditions from delaying or disrupting the process after
 investment of considerable time and expense. 

Many companies face these
issues in a typical IPO scenario: 

1. 
 Late-stage public funding
 is expensive and hard to source. In the period just prior to profitability, an emerging company often needs large amounts of
 working capital for more capacity or to exploit an R D breakthrough. Unfortunately, this cash need is often funded with significant
 dilution by venture capital or high-coupon debt. We intend to bring public investment in a private company earlier, without the gauntlet
 of the IPO process. 

2. 
 Pre-IPO R D stall .
 Prior to its IPO, a company is incentivized to hold down operating expense, including R D expenses, to bolster its profitability.
 This may delay a second-product introduction and other investments that put the company at a disadvantage relative to its more mature
 competitors for a period of a year or more; i.e., for the time needed to create the string of profitable quarters often mandated
 by the IPO market. 

3. 
 Low corporate visibility .
 Privately held companies can certainly become prominent in the era of the unicorn, but we believe there is nothing like open debate
 in the market over a company s prospects to make the public not to mention prospective customers and business partners
 aware of an important new company. 

5 

The use of SPACs to effect
a public offering at an earlier stage of development can bring on potential new problems caused by the accelerated entry of immature
companies into public markets. For our target candidate, we intend to address the following common problems and mitigate them to the
best of our ability. 

1. 
 Incomplete or inaccurate
 financial reports may lead to bad internal business decisions and sometimes even re-statements. We will work to install Sarbanes-Oxley-compatible
 internal control processes and systems in our target companies as early as possible if not already done so. 

2. 
 Revenue over-forecasting .
 The use of third-party sales funnel software is now common, but we have observed that poor quality control of the funnel data input,
 and the use of simplistic algorithms to create revenue estimates from sales funnel data often lead to inflated revenue predictions.
 We understand these problems and have available systems to help address them. 

3. 
 Strong Risk and Governance
 Controls. Risk and Governance are at the forefront of every financial regulator in the world today. Our management team has significant
 experience implementing and operating businesses with robust risk-based controls and strong governance procedures. We prioritize
 strong risk and governance controls as a key area of review , if not already implemented. 

4. 
 Poor product quality .
 Quality should be a way of life in all corporate activities, not just a mathematical system to measure and eliminate product defects.
 For example, we view strong Sarbanes-Oxley compliance and practices as financial quality-assurance systems. Our management team has
 worked personally for years on developing and overseeing strong corporate-level quality systems and quality culture development. 

5. 
 Inadequate planning
 often shows up in disappointing public reports, for example, as late new product launches, long product lead times, quarterly
 revenue misses and unanticipated competitor success. We often see immature companies plan poorly or even do no planning in some disciplines.
 While we certainly cannot promise to fix the list of maladies above, we can share excellent planning tools in multiple disciplines
 with our target companies. 

We expect to leverage the
full resources of our management team to help optimize business strategies, drive operational improvements and cultivate managerial talent
on behalf of our initial business combination. 

Our Business Process 

The mission of the Williams
Rowland Acquisition Corp. is to provide fundamental public investors with early access to an attractive financial services business,
asset management, FinTech or supporting technology, via a SPAC investment. After our top-few target companies are identified, we will
analyze their business processes, systems, and disciplines relative to what we believe is required for stable and predictable performance.
Then, if the target desires to combine, we will offer our help, as well as the help of our portfolio companies that have agreed to share
their best practices. 

Finally, we will offer our
target company consulting support from our internal and external experts. Given that strategy, some of our key directors may remain on
the board of the combined company. 

Although we have not selected
any business combination target, we are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated
with one or more of our officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with an affiliated company,
we, or a committee of our independent directors, will obtain outside opinions to assess the fairness of the combination from an independent
investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that commonly renders valuation opinions to ensure
that our initial business combination is fair to our shareholders prior to their vote on our initial business combination. 

Members of our management
team directly or indirectly own our common stock and our private placement warrants. This may also lead to individual conflicts of interest
when we determine whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial business combination or when we choose directors
for the combined company. Any conflicts will be disclosed to shareholders prior to their vote on the initial business combination. 

Our Investment Criteria 

We have identified the following
general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We will focus on these criteria
and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target
business that does not meet one or more these criteria and guidelines. 

Companies that operate
 in financial services, FinTech or technology that are ripe for technological disruption or are currently undergoing fundamental transformations.
 We plan to identify companies that are in the process of or have significant potential to replace a current solution or process
 with a more automated method. We will seek to acquire a business that is witnessing at least one or more trends, mentioned above. 

Companies with an
 attractive and defensible competitive position. We will target companies with defensible market positions that we believe
 offer long-term competitive advantages. These could include proprietary technology, a leading product suite, strong market share
 or actionable path to gain significant market share or creative use of existing technology that we believe is enduring and unique. 

Compelling growth
 prospects. We view growth as an important driver of value and will seek companies whose growth potential can generate meaningful
 upside through both organic growth and meaningful opportunity for add-on acquisitions. 

6 

Preference for business
 models with contractually recurring revenue. We may focus on companies with subscription-based or otherwise recurring revenues
 under multi-year contracts. 

High gross margins
 and significant operating leverage. We will seek to invest in companies that we believe possess not only proven business
 models and sustainable competitive advantages, but also inherently profitable unit economics that will yield significant economies
 of scale and expanding profit margins with continued growth. 

Low customer churn
 and compelling customer acquisition cost relative to lifetime customer value. We believe the best opportunities will be companies,
 which have demonstrated the ability to win new customers cost effectively and retain them for long periods of time, generating a
 compelling return on investments in sales and marketing. 

Strong management
 teams. We will spend significant time assessing a company s leadership and evaluating what we can do to augment and/or
 upgrade the team over time if needed. We have deep experience partnering with motivated, capable management teams and helps us identify
 a quality target management team. 

Accretive use of
 proceeds. We will seek investment opportunities where our capital will help fund growth, not just provide shareholder liquidity.
 We believe it is important that our transaction will help create shareholder value by funding the development of new products, increasing
 investment in sales and marketing or capacity expansion. 

Appropriate valuations.
 We will seek to be a disciplined and valuation-centric investor that will invest on terms that we believe will provide significant
 upside potential, while limiting downside risk. 

Benefit from being
 a public company. We intend to pursue a business combination with a company that we believe will benefit from being publicly
 traded and can effectively utilize the broader access to capital and public profile that are associated with being a publicly-traded
 company, including potential for value-expanding acquisitions and greater branding in the marketplace. 

These criteria are not intended
to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant,
on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event
that we find an opportunity that has characteristics more compelling to us than the characteristics described above, we would pursue
such opportunity. 

Our Acquisition Process 

Our sponsor believes that
conducting comprehensive due diligence on prospective investments is particularly important within the financial services and FinTech
and technology industries. In evaluating a prospective initial business combination, we expect to conduct a thorough diligence review
that will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities,
financial analyses and technology reviews, as well as a review of other information made available to us. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, our officers, or our directors, subject
to certain approvals and consents. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated
with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to us from a financial
point of view. 

Members of our management
team directly or indirectly own our securities and accordingly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular
target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and
directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation
of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business
combination. 

While we are in discussions
with various parties regarding a potential business combination, we do not have any letters of intent or business combination agreements
with any specific targets for an initial business combination selected. 

Each of our officers and
directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties to
one or more other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity
to such entities. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity
offered to any director or officer unless (i) such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity
as a director or officer of our company, (ii) such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and
would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue and (iii) the director or officer is permitted to refer the opportunity to us without
violating another legal obligation. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity
which is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will
honor these obligations and duties to present such business combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us
if such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us. We do not believe, however, that the
fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our
initial business combination. 

7 

Our sponsor and our officers
and directors have agreed not to participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other special purpose acquisition
company with a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, until we have
entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination. 

Initial Business Combination 

NYSE American rules require
that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets
held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account)
at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make
the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently
determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider
it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial
business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if
there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. 

We anticipate structuring
our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders
own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such a way
so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet
certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, we will only complete an initial business
combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act . Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 
or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority
interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination.
For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding
capital stock of a target. 

In this case, we would acquire
a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders
immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial
business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by
the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account
for purposes of the NYSE American s 80 of net assets test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business,
the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will treat the target businesses together
as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

Our Business Combination Process 

In evaluating prospective
business combinations, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review process that will encompass, among other things, a review
of historical and projected financial and operating data, meetings with management and their advisors (if applicable), on-site inspection
of facilities and assets, discussion with customers and suppliers, legal reviews and other reviews as we deem appropriate. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we
seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a
committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an
independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Each of our officers and
directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant
to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers
or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity, which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current
fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of
our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer
unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and
such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and
to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

8 

Corporate Information 

Our executive offices are
located at 450 Post Road East, Suite 120, Westport, CT 06880 and our telephone number is (203) 353-7600. We are an emerging growth
company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), as modified
by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but
not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy
statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval
of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may
be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107
of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B)
of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the
adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage
of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion
of our IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be
a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of
the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the
prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company will have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain
reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain
a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates
equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30th, or (2) our annual revenues equal or exceed 100 million during such completed
fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. 

Financial Position 

With funds available for
an initial business combination as of December 31, 2022 in the amount of 27,852,882 (assuming no redemptions before non-reimbursable
fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination but after payment of 8,050,000 of deferred underwriting fees), we
offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth
and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete
our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility
to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs
and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to
us. 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

We are not presently engaged
in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following the IPO. We intend to effectuate our initial
business combination using cash from the proceeds from our IPO and the private placement of the private placement warrants, the proceeds
of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to backstop agreements we may enter into following
the consummation of this offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the
owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business
that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent
in such companies and businesses. 

If our initial business
combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment
of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our common stock, we may apply the
balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations
of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business
combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

9 

We may seek to raise additional
funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination,
and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the
trust account. In addition, we intend to target businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds from the IPO and the sale
of the private placement warrants, and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business
combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with
the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the
trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms
of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our
ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party
to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities
or otherwise. 

We anticipate that target
business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and investment professionals.
Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us by calls or mailings.
These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many
of these sources will have read this Form 10-K and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well
as our sponsor and their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their
business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions.
In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to
us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors and our sponsor and their respective industry and business
contacts as well as their affiliates. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals
that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which
event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee, advisory fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation
based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder
may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential
transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion
of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our
sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which our sponsor or officers are affiliated, be paid any finder s
fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the company prior to, or in connection
with any services rendered for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is). None of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates,
will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in
connection with a contemplated initial business combination. We have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per
month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses
related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into
employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence
of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an initial business combination candidate. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or making
the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, executive officers or directors. In the event
we seek to complete an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm hat is a member of FINRA
or a qualified independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of
view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

As more fully discussed
in the section of this Form 10-K entitled Management Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers or directors
becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she
has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to
such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant
fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

10 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business
Combination 

NYSE American rules require
that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets
held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account)
at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of our initial
business combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial
community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation
based on the financial metrics of M A transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently
determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider
it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial
business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if
there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We do not intend to purchase multiple
businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management
will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will
not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In any case, we will only
complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or
otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses,
the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be taken into account
for purposes of the NYSE American s 80 of net assets test. There is no basis for investors in to evaluate the possible merits
or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. 

To the extent we effect
our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or
growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the
risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

In evaluating a prospective
business target, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent
management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial
and other information that will be made available to us. 

The time required to select
and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process,
are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of
a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses
and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period
of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance
of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or
several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in
a single line of business. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing
our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative
 economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry
 in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

cause us to depend on the
 marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

11 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although we intend to closely
scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination
with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management
may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of
our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any
of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business
combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination.
Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations
of the particular target business. 

We cannot assure you that
any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether
any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following an initial business
combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure
you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge
or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business
Combination 

We may conduct redemptions
without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required
by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented
in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval
is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type
 of Transaction 
 
 Whether
 
 Stockholder 
 Approval is 
 Required 
 
 Purchase of assets 
 
 No 
 
 Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger
 with the company 
 
 No 
 
 Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 
 No 
 
 Merger of the company with a target 
 
 Yes 

Under the NYSE American s
listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of common
 stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our common stock then outstanding; 

any of our directors, officers
 or substantial stockholders (as defined by NYSE American rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a
 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or
 potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential
 issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

12 

Permitted Purchases of our Securities 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public
warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may
purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and NYSE American rules. However, they have no current commitments,
plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they
engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information
not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate
that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private
transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases
that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant
to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements.
None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion
of our initial business combination. 

The purpose of any such
purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted
to the warrantholders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result
in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made,
the public float of our shares of common stock or warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities
may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities
exchange. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors
and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates
may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests
submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent
that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only
potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or
vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial
business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply
with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any purchases by our sponsor,
officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be
made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for
manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements
that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their
affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange
Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchases
are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our
Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our initial business
combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business
days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and
not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described
herein. The amount in the trust account at the time of our initial public offering was initially anticipated to be approximately 10.20
per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will at the time of our initial
business combination will be based upon the value of the trust account at that time and will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting
commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify
itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant
to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection
with the completion of our initial business combination. 

13 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our initial business
combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) by
means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct
a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction
and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement.
Under NYSE American rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers
with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to
amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure an initial business combination
with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder
vote to approve the proposed initial business combination. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder
approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the NYSE American, we
will be required to comply with such rules. 

If a stockholder vote is
not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions
 pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents
 with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information
 about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which
 regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement
of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase
shares of our common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5
under the Exchange Act. 

In the event we conduct
redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with
Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration
of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified
number of public shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem
public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC s
 penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating
to our initial business combination upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees
and commissions. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not
complete the initial business combination. 

If, however, stockholder
approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for
business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions
 in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of
 proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with
 the SEC. 

In the event that we seek
stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our
public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

14 

If we seek stockholder approval,
we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor
of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of
outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the
company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and pursuant to the letter agreement,
Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after the IPO (including
in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of
the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination
once a quorum is obtained. As a result, as the founder shares held by our sponsor, officers and directors represent more than a majority
of our outstanding shares, we would not need any of the public shares sold in the IPO that remain outstanding as of December 31, 2022
to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. We intend to give
approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required,
at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements
of our sponsor, officers and directors may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder
may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation will provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net
tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination upon consummation
of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions. For example, the proposed initial
business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred
to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions
in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be
required to pay for all shares of common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions
pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete
the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the
holders thereof. 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion
of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial
business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public
stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with
respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. Such restriction
shall also be applicable to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of
shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed initial business
combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price
or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in
the IPO could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a
premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more
than 15 of the shares sold in the IPO without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders
to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial
business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash.
However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against
our initial business combination. 

Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer
or Redemption Rights 

We may require our public
stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials
mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination in the
event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s
DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that
we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring
public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify
itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer
materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the initial business combination if we distribute
proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short
exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

15 

There is a nominal cost
associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System.
The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost
on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption
rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of
when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The foregoing is different
from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations,
many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and
a holder could simply vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was
seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the company would contact such
stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an
 option window after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of
the company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the
open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which
stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past
the completion of the initial business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical
or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the initial
business combination is approved. 

Any request to redeem such
shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the stockholder
meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection
with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such
holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds
to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of
our initial business combination. 

If our initial business
combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights
would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return
any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed initial
business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target until
the Extended Date unless stockholders approve a further extension.. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business
Combination 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that we will have until the Extended Date to complete our initial business combination. If we are
unable to complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available
funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes
(less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within
the 18-month time period. 

Our initial stockholders
have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them
if we fail to complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date. However, if our sponsor, our officers or directors have
acquired public shares in or after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to
such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by the Extended Date. 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders of our public shares to seek redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares
of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes,
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our
net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters 
fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right
is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described
above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. 

16 

We expect that all costs
and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts
remaining out of the of proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for
such purpose. We will depend on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in the trust account to pay any tax obligations
we may owe. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution,
to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes on interest income earned on the trust
account balance, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those
costs and expenses. 

If we were to expend all
of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account,
and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders
upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.20. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the
claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual
per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.20. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL,
our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full,
as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining
assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay
or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although we will seek to
have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with
us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public
stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be
prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility
or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with
respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement
waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to
it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s
engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third
party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed
by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management
is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. We are not aware of any product or service providers who have not or
will not provide such waiver other than the underwriters of the IPO and our independent registered public accounting firm. 

In addition, there is no
guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations,
contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor has agreed that it will
be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target
business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement,
reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per
public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.20 per share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, if any, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party
or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such
waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations,
nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our
sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy
those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims
by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust
account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the
amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, if any, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification
obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether
to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the
independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome
is not likely. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor
would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the
per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.20 per public share. 

We will seek to reduce the
possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors,
service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims
under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the
event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who
received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

17 

Under the DGCL, stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO may be considered a liquidating distribution
under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure
that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can
be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day
waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating
distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder,
and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore, if the pro
rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do
not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO, is not considered a liquidating distribution
under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings
that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the
statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years,
as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the
closing of the IPO, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares,
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on
the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 18 th
 month and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for
any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond
the third anniversary of such date. 

Because we will not be complying
with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will
provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent
10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to
searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment
bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement,
we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute
agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result
of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result
in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure
that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share
held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in
each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes, if any, and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of
the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed
waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such
third-party claims. 

If we file a bankruptcy
petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could
be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with
priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we
will be able to return 10.20 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable
debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a
result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors
may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and
our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.
We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

18 

Our public stockholders
will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business
combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend any provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders of our
public shares to seek redemption in connection with our initial business combination or our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares
if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO or (B) with respect to any other
provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of
our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO, subject to applicable
law. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we
seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the initial
business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the
trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions of our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with
a stockholder vote. 

Facilities 

Our executive offices are
located 450 Post Road East, Westport, CT 06880 and our telephone number is (203) 353-8610. Our executive offices are provided to us by
our sponsor. Commencing on the date of our IPO, we have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office
space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We currently have three
officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much
of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they
will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and
the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion
of our initial business combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

We have registered our units,
common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly
and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial
statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We will provide stockholders
with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials
sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared
in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required
to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential targets
we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose
such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame.
We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial
statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in
accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the
proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation
will be material. 

19 

We are required to evaluate
our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we
are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required
to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. We have no current intention
of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation
of our initial business combination. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion
of the IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be
a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares of common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during
the prior three-year period. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a smaller reporting company, we
are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our executive offices are
located 450 Post Road East, Westport, CT 06880 and our telephone number is (203) 353-8610. Our executive offices are provided to us by
our sponsor. Commencing on the date of our IPO, we have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office
space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We may be subject to legal
proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not currently a party to any
material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim,
or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

20 

part
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our units began to trade
on The New York Stock Exchange, under the symbol WRAC.U on July 27, 2021. The shares of common stock and warrants comprising
the units began separate trading on the NYSE on September 16, 2021, under the symbols WRAC and WRAC.W , respectively.
On February 7, 2023, trading of our securities on the NYSE was suspended as we had failed to comply with a continuing listing standard.
Effective February 15, 2023, the units, common stock and warrants were transferred to NYSE American. 

Holders of Record 

As of December 31, 2022, there were 3,466,135 shares of our common
stock that were issued and sold in our IPO that remained issued and outstanding held by one stockholder of record. The number of record
holders does not include beneficial owners of shares of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers,
and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain
all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends
in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share
dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive
covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Use of Proceeds 

Not applicable 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

Not applicable 

21 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

References to the Company, 
 our, us or we refer to Williams Rowland Acquisition Corp. The following discussion and analysis
of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and
the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these
forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject
to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, 
 should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause
or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated as a Delaware corporation on March 10, 2021. We were incorporated for the purpose of effecting a Business Combination. 

As of December 31, 2022,
we have not yet commenced operations. All activity for the period from March 10, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to
our formation and the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering ), which is described below, as well as the pursuit
of a business combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial Business Combination,
at the earliest. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds held in the Trust Account. We have
selected December 31 as our fiscal year end. 

Our Sponsors are Williams
Rowland Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and WRAC, Ltd, a Guernsey company. The registration statement for our Initial
Public Offering was declared effective on July 26, 2021. On July 29, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 20,000,000 units
(the Units and, with respect to the shares of Common Stock included in the Units offered, the Public Shares ),
at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 200 million. On August 5, 2021, the underwriter fully exercised its option and purchased
3,000,000 additional Units, generating gross proceeds of 30 million (the Over-Allotment ). 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the Private Placement of 9,900,000 Private Placement Warrants, at a price of 1.00 per
Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately 9.9 million. Concurrent with the consummation of the
Over-Allotment on August 5, 2021, the Sponsors purchased 1,200,000 additional Private Placement Warrants, generating proceeds of 1,200,000
in the Second Private Placement. 

Transaction costs of the
IPO and subsequent Over-Allotment exercise amounted to 16,074,841, comprised of 4,600,000 of underwriting discount, 8,050,000 of deferred
underwriting discount, 2,772,169 of fair value of shares transferred to Anchor Investors, and 652,672 of other offering costs. 

Upon the closing of the Initial
Public Offering and the Private Placement on July 29, 2021, and the Over-Allotment and Second Private Placement on August 5, 2021, approximately
 234.6 million 10.20 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement was placed in a Trust Account
with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee and invested in United States government securities 
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, (the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under Investment
Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion
of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

Our management has broad
discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement
Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. 

If we are unable to complete
a Business Combination by the Extended Date, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as
reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal
to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes
payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish Public Stockholder s rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders
and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), our obligation under requirements
of applicable law. 

22 

Extension Meeting 

On December 22, 2022, the
Company held a Special Meeting of Stockholders (the Special Meeting ). At the Special Meeting stockholders voted on and approved
an amendment (the Extension Amendment to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend
the deadline by which the Company must complete an initial business combination from January 29, 2023 to July 29, 2023 (or, if not a business
day, to the next business day (the Extended Date ). In connection with the approval of the Extension Amendment, the Company
was required to give holders of its shares of Common Stock sold to the public (the Public Shares the right to redeem their
shares. Holders of an aggregate of 19,533,865 Public Shares exercised their redemption rights and did not subsequently reverse that decision.
The per share redemption price was 10.31. After the redemption, there was 3,466,135 Public Shares along with the 5,750,000 shares of Common
Stock originally issued to the founders (the Founders Shares that remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

At December 31, 2022, the
remaining balance in the trust account after the redemptions in connection with the Extension Amendment was 35,902,882. None of the remaining
funds held in trust will be released from the trust account, other than interest income to pay any tax obligations until the earlier of
(i) our consummation of our initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of common stock that such stockholder
properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to
consummate our initial business combination by the Extended Date, or (iii) if we seek to further amend our certificate of incorporation
to affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem all public shares if we cannot complete an initial business combination
by such further extended date. 

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2022,
we had 483,937 in our operating bank account and working capital deficiency of 296,666. 

Our liquidity needs up to
December 31, 2022, had been satisfied through a capital contribution from the Sponsors of 25,000 (see Notes to the financial statements)
for the founder shares and the loan under an unsecured promissory note, from the Sponsors, initially of up to 600,000 to cover expenses
related to the Initial Public Offering. This loan was repaid and cancelled upon consummation of IPO and is no longer available for liquidity
needs as of December 31, 2022. 

We anticipate that the 483,937
outside of the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022, will not be sufficient to allow us to operate until the Extended Date, assuming
that a Business Combination is not consummated during that time. Until consummation of our Business Combination, we will be using the
funds not held in the Trust Account, and any additional Working Capital Loans from the initial stockholders, our officers and directors,
or their respective affiliates, for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on
prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing
corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring,
negotiating and consummating the business combination. 

On September 7, 2021,
we executed the Promissory Note to the Sponsors for an amount of 500,000. The Promissory Note is a part of 1,000,000 working
capital facility described in the Note 5 to the financial statements. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and is repayable
at the earlier of the date of when the Company consummates a Business Combination with another entity, the date on which the Company
determines to liquidate or December 31, 2023. At the option of the Sponsors, in lieu of cash payment of the principal, the Sponsors
may receive warrants to purchase Common Stock of the Company. On November 15, 2021 the Company borrowed 125,000 under the
Promissory Note which remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

On June 29, 2022, the Company
entered into a second promissory note to the Sponsor for the amount of 250,000. The note is non-interest bearing and is payable at the
earlier of the date on which the Maker consummates an initial business combination and January 26, 2023. The Company borrowed 250,000
under this promissory note which was outstanding as of December 31, 2022. On January 20, 2023, the terms of repayment of this note were
amended to extend its maturity date to the earlier of the close of its initial business combination or August 31, 2023. 

On September 20, 2022, the
Company entered into a third promissory note to the Sponsor for the amount of 300,000. The note is non-interest bearing and is payable
at the earlier of the date on which the Maker consummates an initial business combination and January 26, 2023. The Company borrowed 300,000
under this promissory note which was outstanding as of December 31, 2022. On January 20, 2023, the terms of repayment of this note were
amended to extend its maturity date to r the earlier of the close of its initial business combination or August 31, 2023. 

Both promissory notes entered into in 2022, totaling 550,000 do not
contain conversion provisions. 

We can raise additional capital
through Working Capital Loans from the initial stockholders, the Company s officers, directors, or their respective affiliates or
through loans from third parties. None of the Sponsors, officers or directors are under any obligation to advance funds to, or to invest
in, the Company. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity,
which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of its business plan, and reducing
overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms,
if at all. 

We have until the Extended
Date to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that it will be able consummate a Business Combination within the Combination
Period. If a Business Combination is not consummated within the Combination Period, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the authoritative guidance
FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU Topic 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties About an Entity s Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern , management has determined that the potential liquidity and capital constraints as described above,
in addition to potential mandatory liquidation, and subsequent dissolution, should the Company be unable to complete a Business Combination,
raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through the earlier of one year from the issuance
date of these financial statements or July 29, 2023. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities should
the Company be required to liquidate after July 29, 2023. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary
if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

23 

Results of Operations 

All of our activity from
March 10, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, was in preparation for an Initial Public Offering, and since our Initial Public
Offering, our activity has been limited to the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. We will not generate any operating
revenues until the closing and completion of our initial Business Combination. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, we had net income of 1,020,172, which consisted of trust interest income of 3,191,516, offset by formation and operating costs
of 1,570,699 and provision for income taxes of 600,645. 

For the period from March
10, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a loss of 707,333, which consisted of formation and operating costs of 753,959,
offset by trust interest income of 46,626. 

Contractual Obligations 

Underwriting Agreement 

The underwriter is entitled
to 0.35 per unit, or approximately 7.0 million in the aggregate, which will be payable to the underwriter for deferred underwriting
commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that
that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

In connection with the consummation
of the Over-Allotment on August 5, 2021, the underwriter was paid an additional fee of 600,000 upon closing of the Over-Allotment and
approximately 1.05 million in deferred underwriting commissions. 

Total deferred underwriting commissions was 8,050,000 as December
31, 2022, and 2021. 

Administrative Support Agreement 

We
agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month, commencing from the date of the IPO, for office space, utilities, secretarial
and administrative support services provided to members of the management team. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or
our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

This management s discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. On
an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued
expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable
under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies: 

Offering costs associated with the Initial Public Offering 

The Company complies with the requirements of
the ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB Topic 5A- Expenses of Offering . Offering costs
consist of legal, accounting, underwriting, fair value of founder shares transferred to Anchor Investors, and other costs incurred through
the balance sheet date that are related to the IPO. Offering costs amounted to 16,074,841, for the Initial Public Offering and subsequent
over-allotment. Total amount of Offering costs is allocated between redeemable shares and Public Warrants based on their relative fair
values. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Share 

The Company complies with the accounting and
disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. The Company applies the two-class method in calculating
earnings per share. The contractual formula utilized to calculate the redemption amount approximates fair value. Changes in fair value
are not considered a dividend of the purposes of the numerator in the earnings per share calculation. Net income (loss) per share of
common stock is computed by dividing the pro rata net income (loss) between the shares of redeemable common stock and the shares of non-redeemable
common stock by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding for each of the periods. The calculation of diluted
income (loss) per share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the IPO since the exercise of the warrants
is contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options
(Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial
conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining
to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible
debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings
per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective
January 1, 2024 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1,
2021. The Company deferred application of ASU 2020-06 and is currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06 would have on its
financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

24 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022,
we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments
or contractual obligations. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk 

As a smaller reporting company
we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This information appears
following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures
that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls
are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15
and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective due to the following unremediated material weaknesses that were determined to exist
in the year ended December 31, 2021 and continue to exist as of December 31, 2022: 

Failure to properly
 evaluate and account for complex financial instruments, including classification of common
 stock subject to possible redemption, recognition of the overallotment liability on the IPO
 date, evaluation of the accounting for a convertible promissory note, evaluation of fair
 value of shares issued to Anchor Investors and proper classification of amounts owing to
 related parties. 

Failure to accrue
 Connecticut Capital tax and NYSE American listing and annual fees in an appropriate and timely
 manner, overstatement of previously recorded amounts for Delaware Franchise tax, and FINRA
 fees, which necessitated the restatement of our September 30, 2021 Quarterly Report on Form
 10-Q. Such restatement is included in the Note on Restatement of Previously Issued Financial
 Statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Failure to ensure
 completeness and accuracy of accruals, including unbilled legal expenses, as well as lack
 of review of the manual spreadsheet calculations. 

These matters constitute material weaknesses in our internal control over
financial reporting. In light of these material weaknesses, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial
statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial
statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations
and cash flows for the periods presented. 

We do not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter
how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls
and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures,
no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies
and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the
likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions. 

25 

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules
and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance
with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013).
Based on our assessments and those criteria, due to our determination of the material weaknesses in our disclosure controls, as described
above, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

Management has implemented
remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our review process
for complex securities and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature,
identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and consideration of additional
staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in
our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B Other Information 

Not applicable 

Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspection 

Not applicable 

26 

part
III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Our officers and directors
are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 David
 Tiger Williams 
 
 60 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Jonathan
 David Rowland 
 
 47 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Bobby
 Morovati 
 
 50 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Betsy
 L. Battle 
 
 68 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 William
 C. Kunkler 
 
 65 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Youlanda
 D. Deveaux 
 
 58 
 
 Independent Director 

David Tiger 
Williams is our Co-Founder and Co-Chief Executive Officer. Tiger is the Founder and Managing Member of Williams Trading LLC. Prior
to founding Williams Trading, Tiger was an Associate Director at Tiger Management where he was responsible for trading the domestic equity
portfolio from 1993 through 1997. Tiger began his career on Wall Street in 1987 as a member of the Principal Training Program at E. F.
Hutton. In 1989, he joined First Boston as an Associate and Generalist Equity Sales Trader. In 1990, Tiger joined Needham and Co. as
a Vice President and in 1991 moved to Donaldson Lufkin and Jenrette, also as a Vice President. Tiger received his Bachelor of Arts
degree in Economics and Political Science at Yale University in 1984 and his Master s in Business Administration from the Stern
School of Business at New York University in 1989. 

We believe that Tiger s
extensive experience in the financial services and investment industries make him well qualified to serve as a member of our board. 

Jonathan David Rowland
 is our Co-Founder and Co-Chief Executive Officer. A banker and entrepreneur since the mid-1990 s, he is currently Founder and
Executive Chairman of Mode Global Holdings (MODE.LN), that operates Mode, a digital bank, wallet and payments platform, and Co-Founder
and Non-Executive Director of Redwood Bank, a UK-based technology-driven SME commercial lender, and has more than 25 years of experience
as an investor and Director of public and private companies globally. He has led many investments in Financial Services and FinTech companies,
including being an early investment in ZOPA in 2005, and leading the post-crisis restructuring of Kauphting Bank Luxembourg, renamed
Banque Havilland, and being the bank s CEO between 2009 and 2013. Among public companies in which he has been involved are Jellyworks
PLC, which was listed on LSE AIM in 1999 and sold eight months later to Shore Capital Plc. 

We believe Jonathan s
extensive financial services experience makes him well qualified to serve on our board. 

Bobby Morovati is
our Chief Financial Officer. Bobby is currently serving as the Chief Financial Officer of Williams Trading LLC. Prior to joining Williams,
he was Accounting Manager at Pali Capital, a boutique derivatives and fixed income firm, where he worked as a key member of the finance
and accounting team on all facets of the financial and operational components of the firm during its rapid growth and expansion phase.
He began his career at Pershing in 1998 as a member of the Controller s Group. He received his Bachelor of Science in Accounting
from Rutgers University. 

We believe that our management
team s operating expertise, transaction experience and relationships will provide us with a substantial number of attractive potential
business combination targets. 

27 

Our Independent Directors 

Betsy L. Battle is one of our independent board members. She is Chief
Investment Officer and Founding Partner of Lone Peak Partners and brings more than four decades of financial services and investment experience
to Williams Rowland. Ms. Battle also serves on the board of OPAL Fuels Inc. (Nasdaq: OPAL). Prior to founding Lone Peak in 2009, she was
Director of Manager Selection and a member of the Management Committee at Soros Fund Management LLC, where, she managed multibillion dollar
portfolios of external hedge funds for the Quantum group of funds and George Soros, and built the manager selection and due diligence
processes as well as the multi-manager portfolio construction and monitoring methodologies. Prior to Soros, she held positions at Bankers
Trust, Citicorp and JP Morgan, primarily as a manager in Global Sales and Trading. She currently serves on the Board of the University
of North Carolina Kenan-Flagler Business School Foundation, the Board of Directors of the Breast Cancer Research Foundation, and the President s
Council of the Peconic Land Trust. Ms. Battle received a BA from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1976. 

We believe Betsy s
extensive financial services and investment experience make her well qualified to serve on our board. 

William C. Kunkler 
is one of our independent board members. He has over 40 years of manufacturing and operating experience and is currently Executive
Vice President of Operations for CC Industries, Inc. (CCI), a private equity firm focused on manufacturing companies and real estate
investments, where he is responsible for general operating issues and investment decisions at each of CCI s companies. He is also
Vice President of Henry Crown and Company, the parent company of CCI. Prior to joining CCI in 1995, he was Executive Vice President for
Marblehead Lime Company, a subsidiary of General Dynamics Corporation, and he began his career at USG Corp. as a project engineer. Mr.
Kunkler has been a Director of NIBCO Inc., a manufacturer of valves and fittings based in Elkhart, Indiana, since 2004 and was a Director
of Sears Holdings Corporation, a leading retailer of general merchandise, from 2009 to 2018. Mr. Kunkler received his Bachelor of Science
degree in Mechanical Engineering from Yale University and his Master of Management degree from Kellogg Graduate School of Management,
Northwestern University. 

We believe that William s
business experience make him well qualified to serve on our board. 

Youlanda D. Deveaux 
is one of our independent board members. Since 2001, Ms. Deveaux serves as Regional Vice President for the Caribbean and Latin America
for Mandara Spa (Bahamas) Ltd which is part of OneSpaWorld Group. She is a turnaround specialist experienced at identifying growth potential,
business development, human resources, management and financial control systems for regional high-end luxury businesses at five-star
resorts in three Caribbean countries. Ms. Deveaux received a BA from Mount Saint Vincent University and an MBA, with Distinction, from
NOVA Southeastern University. 

We believe Ms. Deveaux s
business experience makes her well qualified to serve on our board. 

The past performance of
our management team or that of our board of directors is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination
we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should
not rely on the historical record of our management s performance as indicative of our future performance. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

We have five directors.
Each member of our board of directors will be elected at our annual meetings. In accordance with NYSE American corporate governance requirements,
we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE American. 

Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board
of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that
our officers may consist of a Chief Executive Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, a Secretary and such other officers (including, without
limitation, a Chairman of the Board, Presidents, Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries and a Treasurer) as may be determined by the
board of directors. 

28 

Director Independence 

NYSE American listing standards
require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within the first year following the IPO. An independent director 
is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having
a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of
independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that each of Betsy L.
Battle, William C. Kunkler and Youlanda D. Deveaux, are independent directors as defined in the NYSE American listing standards
and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Officer and Director Compensation 

None of our officers has
received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date of our IPO, we have agreed to pay an affiliate of
our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our
initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. No other compensation of any kind, including
any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor,
officers and directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to
effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals
will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential
target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis
all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial
business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments,
we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers
for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. 

After the completion of
our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management
fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer
materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination. We
have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination, because the directors
of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to
our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted
solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take
any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements
to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to
retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do
not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a
determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers
and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has
three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating committee. NYSE American rules and Rule 10A-3
of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and NYSE American
rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit
committee of the board of directors. Betsy L. Battle, William C. Kunkler and Youlanda D. Deveaux, serve as members of our audit committee,
and Betsy L. Battle chairs the audit committee. Under the NYSE American listing standards applicable to smaller reporting companies and
applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Mr.
Kunkler, Ms. Battle and Ms. Deveaux meet the independent director standard under the NYSE American listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1)
of the Exchange Act. 

29 

Each member of the audit
committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Betsy L. Battle qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We have adopted an audit
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation,
 retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit
 and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing
 pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting clear hiring policies
 for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required
 by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting clear policies
 for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing
 a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered
 public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal
 quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities
 within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with
 such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent
 registered public accounting firm s independence; 

reviewing and approving
 any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to
 us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management,
 the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters,
 including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material
 issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated
 by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation
committee of the board of directors. Betsy L. Battle, William C. Kunkler and Youlanda D. Deveaux serve as members of our compensation
committee. Under the NYSE American listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation
committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Ms. Battle, Mr. Kunkler and Ms. Deveaux are independent, and William C. Kunkler chairs
the compensation committee. 

We have adopted a compensation
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving
 on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, if any is
 paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and
 approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving
 on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing on an annual
 basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering
 our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in
 complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites,
 special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if required, producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and
 recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

30 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
as indicated above, other than the payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of 10,000 per month, through the date of the completion of the initial Business Combination
or our liquidation, for utilities and secretarial and administrative support, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees,
will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services
they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation
of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation
arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The charter also provides
that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel
or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However,
before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee
will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE American and the SEC. 

Nominating Committee 

We have established a nominating
committee of the board of directors, which consists of Betsy L. Battle, William C. Kunkler and Youlanda D. Deveaux, each of whom is an
independent director under the NYSE American s listing standards. Youlanda D. Deveaux chairs the nominating committee. The nominating
committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee
considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. 

The guidelines for selecting
nominees, which are specified in the Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should have demonstrated
 notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should possess the requisite
 intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills,
 diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should have the highest
 ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the stockholders. 

The nominating committee
will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism
in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills
or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider
the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not
distinguish among nominees recommended by stockholders and other persons. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

None of our officers currently
serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving
on our board of directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of
Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit, compensation and nominating
committee charters as exhibits to the registration statement on Form S-1 filed in connection with out IPO. You are able to review these
documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics
will be provided without charge upon request from us. They can also be accessed via our website at www.williamsrowland.com. We intend
to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Each of our officers and
directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant
to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers
or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current
fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of
our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless
such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity
is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent
the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

31 

Our sponsor and our officers
and directors have agreed not to participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other special purpose acquisition
company with a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, until we have
entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination
by the Extended Date, as such may be extended by stockholder approval. 

Investors should also be
aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers or
 directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating
 his or her time among various business activities. 

In the course of their
 other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate
 for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest
 in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares in such situation. Additionally, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial business combination by the Extended Date, although they will be entitled to such liquidating distributions with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private placement warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable by our sponsor until the earlier of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the private placement warrants and the common stock underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or saleable by our sponsor or its permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants following the IPO, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Permitted transferees of the founder shares would be subject to the same restrictions. 

Our officers and directors
 may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any
 such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business
 combination. 

Our sponsor, officers or
 directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may
 obtain loans from our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in
 connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price
 of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as
 to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 

The conflicts described
above may not be resolved in our favor. 

In general, officers and
directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation
if: 

the corporation could financially
 undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within
 the corporation s line of business; and 

it would not be fair to
 our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

32 

Accordingly, as a result
of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities
meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide
that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually
permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to
refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

Below is a table summarizing
the entities to which our executive officers and directors and currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s
 Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 David Williams 
 
 Williams Trading 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Owner 
 
 Jonathan Rowland 
 
 Mode Global Holdings PLC 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 Executive Chairman; Directors 

Redwood Bank Ltd 
 
 Bank 
 
 Director 

Redwood Financial Partners Ltd 
 
 Bank Holding Company 
 
 Director 

Mode Global Ltd 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 Director 

Fibermode Ltd 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 Director 

JGOO Ltd 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 Director 

Fibere Ltd 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 Director 

Anglo Gulf Trade Bank Ltd. 
 
 Trade Finance 
 
 Director 

Bobby Morovati 
 
 Williams Trading 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Betsy Battle 
 
 Lone Peak Partners 
 Management L.P. 
 OPAL Fuels, Inc. 
 
 Investment Advisory 
 
Fuel 
 
 Founder and Chief Investment Officer 
Director 

William C. Kunkler III 
 
 CC Industries, Inc. 
 
 Holding and Management Company 
 
 Executive Vice President of Operations 

Henry Crown and Company 
 
 Diversified Investment Company 
 
 Vice President 

AMR, Inc. 
 
 Food Processing Equipment Manufacturer 
 
 Director 

Duroc LLC 
 
 Agricultural Equipment Manufacturer 
 
 Directors 

Grinder Export Sales, Inc. 
 
 Food Processing Equipment Manufacturer 
 
 Director 

Hoegger Food Technology, Inc. 
 
 Food Processing Equipment Manufacturer 
 
 Director 

NIBCO Inc. 
 
 Manufacturer of plumbing fittings and supports 
 
 Director 

Montclair Capital Investments LLC 
 
 Investment Vehicle 
 
 Director 

Montclair Properties LLC 
 
 Investment Vehicle 
 
 Director 

Provisur Export Sales, Inc. 
 
 Food Processing Equipment Manufacturer 
 
 Director 

Provisur Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Food Processing Equipment Manufacturer 
 
 Director 
 
 Youlanda D. Deveaux 
 
 Mandara Spa/OneSpa World Group 
 
 Spa Management 
 
 Executive 

Accordingly, if any of the
above executive officers or directors or becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities
to which he or she has current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. 

33 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek
to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, that such an initial business
combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

In the event that we submit
our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, pursuant to the letter agreement, Our sponsor, officers and directors
have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the offering (including in open market
and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification
of Officers and Directors 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware
law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide
that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty
as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated
the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal
benefit from their actions as directors. 

We will enter into agreements
with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also will permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee
for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We will purchase
a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense,
settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

These provisions may discourage
stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect
of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might
otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay
the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these provisions,
the directors and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented
and experienced officers and directors. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially
own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports
of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our shares of common stock and other equity securities. These executive officers,
directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms
filed by such reporting persons. 

Based solely on our review
of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing requirements applicable
to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Employment Agreements 

We have not entered into
any employment agreements with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon termination of employment. 

Executive Officers and Director Compensation 

No executive officer has
received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar
fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or
for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. However, such individuals will be reimbursed
for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and
performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of these out-of-pocket expenses and there
will be no review of the reasonableness of the expenses by anyone other than our board of directors and audit committee, which includes
persons who may seek reimbursement, or a court of competent jurisdiction if such reimbursement is challenged. 

34 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets
forth as of March 31, 2023 the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by (i) each person who is known by us to be the
beneficial owner of more than five percent of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (ii) each of our officers and directors;
and (iii) all of our officers and directors as a group. As of March 31, 2023, we had 9,216,135 shares of common stock issued and
outstanding consisting of 3,466,135 Public Shares and 5,750,000 Founders Shares. 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially
owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants, as the warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2023. 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially 
 Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of 
 Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 David Tiger Williams 
 3,389,421 
 36.8 
 
 Jonathan David Rowland 
 2,647,500 
 28.7 
 
 Bobby Morovati 
 20,000 

Betsy L. Battle 
 20,000 

William C. Kunkler 
 20,000 

Youlanda D. Deveaux 
 -- 

All directors and executive officers as a group (6 individuals) 
 6,096,921 
 66.2 

Holders
 of 5 of more of our Common Stock (1) 

Williams Rowland Sponsor LLC 
 2,647,500 
 9.21 
 
 WRAC, Ltd 
 2,647,500 
 9.21 

Less
than 1 . 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise indicated,
 the business address of each of the individuals is c/o Williams Rowland Acquisition Corp., 450 Post Road East, Westport, CT 06880.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

In April, 2021, we issued
an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares to our sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000 in cash, or approximately 0.004 per
share. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the
outstanding shares upon completion of the IPO. Prior to the IPO, an aggregate of 375,000 founder shares were purchased by three Anchor
Investors for nominal consideration. These shares are subject to forfeiture back to our sponsor to the extent the Anchor Investor did
not purchase 9.9 of the units being sold in this offering, without regard to the units sold in the over-allotment option. Subsequent
to the closing of the IPO, the two sponsors each transferred 10,000 founders to each of the three independent directors and the chief
financial officer. The founder shares may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. 

If any of our officers or
directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which
he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such business combination opportunity to such other entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary
duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

In connection with the closing
of the IPO, we agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and
administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

The Sponsors agreed to loan
the Company up to 600,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Public Offering. This loan was non-interest bearing,
unsecured and due at the earlier of August 31, 2021, or the closing of the Public Offering. 

On September 7, 2021
the Company executed a Promissory Note to the Sponsor for an amount of 500,000. The Note is not interest bearing and is repayable
at the earlier of the date of when the Company consummates a business combination with another entity, date on which the Company
determines to liquidate or December 31, 2023. At the option of the Sponsor, in lieu of cash payment of the principal, the Sponsor
may receive warrants to purchase Common Stock of the Company at a per share exercise price of 11.50 per share. The Conversion
Warrants are identical to the warrants issued by the Company to the Sponsor in a private placement in connection with the
Company s initial public offering. The Company borrowed 125,000 on November 15, 2021 under the Promissory Note, which was
outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

On June 29, 2022, the Company
entered into a second promissory note to the Sponsor for the amount of 250,000. The note is non-interest bearing and is payable at the
earlier of the date on which the Maker consummates an initial business combination and January 26, 2023. On January 20, 2023, the terms
of repayment of this note were amended to extend its maturity date to the earlier of the close of its initial business combination or
August 31, 2023. 

On September 20, 2022, the
Company entered into a third promissory note to the Sponsor for the amount of 300,000. The note is non-interest bearing and is payable
at the earlier of the date on which the Maker consummates an initial business combination and January 26, 2023. On January 20, 2023, the
terms of repayment of this note were amended to extend its maturity date to the earlier of the close of its initial business combination
or August 31, 2023. 

35 

Other than the foregoing,
no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a
loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection
with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction
that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our
behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee
will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will
determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

In addition, in order
to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial
business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may
use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust
account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per
warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise
price, exercisability and exercise period. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our
sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to
seek access to funds in our trust account. On September 7, 2021, we entered into a promissory note to borrow up to 500,000 from our
Sponsor. This loan is convertible at the option of the lender into warrants at the rate of one warrant for each 1.00 outstanding.
On November 15, 2021 125,000 had been borrowed under this promissory note and remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and
2021. On June 29, 2022, we entered into a second promissory note to the Sponsor for the amount of 250,000. The note is non-interest
bearing and was payable at the earlier of the date on which the Maker consummates an initial business combination and January 26,
2023. We borrowed 250,000 under this promissory note which was outstanding as of December 31, 2022. On January 20, 2023, the terms
of repayment of this note were updated to reflect its repayment at the earlier of the close of its initial business combination or
August 31, 2023. In addition, On September 20, 2022, we entered into a third promissory note to the Sponsor for the amount of
 300,000. The note is non-interest bearing and was payable at the earlier of the date on which the Maker consummates an initial
business combination and January 26, 2023. The Company borrowed 300,000 under this promissory note which was outstanding as of
December 31, 2022. On January 20, 2023, the terms of repayment of this note were updated to reflect its repayment at the earlier of
the close of its initial business combination or August 31, 2023. Both notes, in which we entered in 2022 did not include any
conversion provisions. 

After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company
with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation
materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of
distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination,
as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

Related Party Policy 

We have adopted a code of
ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board
of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics,
conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee
of indebtedness) involving the company. The code of ethics that we adopted is available on our website at www.williamsrowland.com. 

In addition, our audit committee,
pursuant to its written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into
such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is
present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will
constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to
approve a related party transaction. The audit committee charter is available on our website at www.williamsrowland.com 

36 

These procedures are intended
to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on
the part of a director, employee or officer. 

To further minimize conflicts
of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor,
officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from
a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a
loan or other compensation will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, for
services rendered to us prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial
business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). 

Our audit committee will
review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

The following is a summary
of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees. Audit fees
consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally
provided by Marcum LLP in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum LLP for professional services rendered
for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods,
the registration statement, the closing 8-K and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period
from March 10, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled 186,945 and 121,613, respectively. These amounts include interim
procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees. We
did not pay Marcum LLP for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards during the year ended December 31, 2022
and during the period from March 10, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Tax Fees. We incurred
fees of 7,313 and 8,050 to Marcum LLP for tax compliance during the year ended December 31, 2022 and during period from March 10,
2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, respectively. 

All Other Fees. We
did not pay Marcum LLP for other services during the year ended December 31, 2022 and during the period from March 10, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed
upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services,
although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation
of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted
non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions
for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

37 

part
IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 The following are filed
 with this report: 

(1) 
 The financial statements listed on the Financial Statements
 Table of Contents 

(2) 
 Not applicable 

(b) 
 Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed with this report.
Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be obtained from the SEC s website at sec.gov. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated July 26, 2021, by and between Registrant and Oppenheimer Co, as representatives of underwriters (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 30, 2021) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 30, 2021) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 23, 2022) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 25, 2021) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 25, 2021) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 25, 2021) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 25, 2021) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated July 26, 2021 between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 30, 2021 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated July 26, 2021, among the Registrant and its officers, directors and initial stockholders, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 30, 2021) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated July 26, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 30, 2021) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 26, 2021, among the Registrant and certain stockholders of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 30, 2021) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated July 26, 2021, by and between the Registrant and OPY Acquisition LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 30, 2021) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated July 26, 2021, among the Registrant and each of the officers and directors of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 30, 2021) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.3 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Co-Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.3 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 

None 

38 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

WILLIAMS ROWLAND ACQUISITION CORP. 

Dated: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 David B. Williams 

Name: 
 David B. Williams 

Title: 
 Co- Chief Executive
 Officer 

Dated: April 17, 2023 
 WILLIAMS
 ROWLAND ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/
 Jonathan D. Rowland 

Name: 
 Jonathan D. Rowland 

Title: 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ David B. Williams 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 David B. Williams 
 
 (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Jonathan D. Rowland 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Jonathan D. Rowland 
 
 (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Bobby Morovati 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Bobby Morovati 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 April 17, 2023 

/s/ Betsy Battle 

Betsy Battle 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

/s/ William Kunkler 

William Kunkler 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

/s/ Youlanda Deveaux 

Youlanda Deveaux 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

39 

WILLIAMS
ROWLAND ACQUISITION CORP. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 to F-21 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

Williams Rowland Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Williams Rowland Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations,
changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 10, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 10, 2021
through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the
Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital
as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities. This condition raises substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans with regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2021 . 

April 17, 2023 

F- 2 

WILLIAMS ROWLAND ACQUISITION CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Prepaid expenses non-current portion 

Cash and Investments held in trust account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Promissory note related party 

Total Current liabilities 

Deferred underwriters discount 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Common stock subject to redemption, and shares at redemption value of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 3,466,135 and 23,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

WILLIAMS ROWLAND ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Period from March 10, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 Formation and operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Trust interest income 

Total other income 

Income (Loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, common stock subject to redemption

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, non-redeemable common stock

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

WILLIAMS ROWLAND ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 10, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance March 10, 2021 (inception) 

Common stock issued to Sponsor 

Fair value of Public Warrants, net of allocated offering costs 

Proceeds of Private Placement Warrants 

Fair value of Founder Shares transferred to Anchor Investors 

Remeasurement of redeemable common stock 

Net income (loss) 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Capital contribution made by Sponsor related to the shareholder non-redemption
agreement 

Cost of raising capital related to the shareholder non-redemption agreement 

Remeasurement of common stock to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

WILLIAMS ROWLAND ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Period from March 10, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Trust interest income 

Changes in current assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account for redemptions 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay taxes 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discount 

Proceeds from issuance of Private Placement Warrants 

Proceeds from sale of founder shares to initial stockholders 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible promissory note to related party 

Repayment of promissory note to related party 

Payment of deferred offering costs 

Redemption of common stock 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of the period 

Cash, end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Remeasurement of common stock to possible redemption 

Income taxes paid 

Deferred underwriters discount payable charged to additional paid-in capital 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

units
(the Units ), at per unit, generating gross proceeds of (see Note 3). The underwriters exercised their
full over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units on August 5, 2021. 

warrants to the Sponsor (the Private Placement Warrant(s) ), at a price of
 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of (see Note 4). Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable
to purchase one share of Common stock at per share. The Sponsor purchased an additional Private Placement Warrants as
a result of the underwriters exercise of their full over-allotment option on August 5, 2021. 

, comprised of of underwriting discount, of deferred underwriting
discount, fair value of founder shares transferred to Anchor Investors of (as defined in Note 5), and of other offering
costs. 

of the net balance in the Trust Account
(as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust
Account) at the time of the signing an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business
Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company
will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

(comprised of from the IPO
and from the over-allotment) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units, including a portion of the proceeds from the
sale of the Private Placement Warrants, per Unit) was placed in the trust account Trust Account located
in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee and of the total proceeds of the
public and private offering was deposited into the Company s Operating Bank account on July 30, 2021. These funds are invested only
in U.S. government securities with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its franchise and income tax obligations (less up to
 interest to pay dissolution expenses), the proceeds from the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will
not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (a) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (b) the redemption
of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders of the public shares to seek redemption in connection
with the initial Business Combination or the Company s obligation to redeem of the public shares if the Company does not complete
the initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Public Offering or (ii) with respect to any other provision
relating to stockholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity, and (c) the redemption of the public shares if the Company
is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Public Offering, subject to applicable
law. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the creditors, if any, which could have priority
over the claims of the public stockholders. 

F- 7 

upon such consummation
of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted
in favor of the Business Combination. 

F- 8 

shares of common stock
were submitted for redemption, for the total amount of . 

of Common stock, pursuant to which these stockholders have
committed not to redeem their redeemable shares during the vote. In consideration of this agreement, the Sponsor has agreed to transfer
 of its Common Stock to the Non-Redeeming Stockholders. 

of the public shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination
Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity
and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any founder shares they hold if the
Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, although they will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business
Combination within the Combination Period. 

However, the Company has not asked the Sponsors
to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsors have sufficient funds
to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that the Sponsors only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company
cannot assure you that the Sponsors would be able to satisfy those obligations. 

in its operating bank account and working capital deficiency of . 

(see Note 5) for the founder shares
and the loan under an unsecured promissory note, from the Sponsors, initially of up to to cover expenses related to the Initial
Public Offering. This loan was repaid and cancelled upon consummation of IPO and is no longer available for liquidity needs as of December
31, 2022. 

F- 9 

outside
of the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022, will not be sufficient to allow the Company to operate until July 29, 2023, the Extended
Termination Date, assuming that a Business Combination is not consummated during that time. Until consummation of its Business Combination,
the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account, and any additional Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 5) from
the initial stockholders, the Company s officers and directors, or their respective affiliates (which is described in Note 5), for
identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling
to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements
of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business
combination. 

(the Promissory Note ). The Promissory Note is a
part of working capital facility described in the Note 5. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and is repayable at
the earlier of the date of when the Company consummates a Business Combination with another entity, the date on which the Company
determines to liquidate or December 31, 2023. At the option of the Sponsors, in lieu of cash payment of the principal, the Sponsors
may receive warrants to purchase Common Stock of the Company. The Company had borrowed on November 15, 2021,
under the Promissory Note, which remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

. The note is non-interest bearing and is payable at the
earlier of the date on which the Maker consummates an initial business combination and January 26, 2023. The Company borrowed 
under this promissory note which was outstanding as of December 31, 2022. On January 20, 2023, the terms of repayment of this note were
updated to reflect its repayment at the earlier of the close of its initial business combination or August 31, 2023. 

. The note is non-interest bearing and is payable
at the earlier of the date on which the Maker consummates an initial business combination and January 26, 2023. The Company borrowed 
under this promissory note which was outstanding as of December 31, 2022. On January 20, 2023, the terms of repayment of this note were
updated to reflect its repayment at the earlier of the close of its initial business combination or August 31, 2023. 

F- 10 

excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly
traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself,
not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the
shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are
permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same
taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

F- 11 

and in cash
and no cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

to pay its tax obligations, including
Delaware franchise tax, as well federal and Connecticut income and capital taxes. 

,
for the costs related IPO and subsequent over-allotment, as well as fair value of founder shares transferred to Anchor Investors. Total
amount of offering costs is allocated between redeemable shares and Public Warrants based on their relative fair values. 

F- 12 

F- 13 

Less: 

Issuance costs related to redeemable common stock 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants, based on the estimated fair value as of date of the IPO 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of common stock to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption (December 31, 2021) 

Less: 

Redemptions of common stock 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of common stock to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption (December 31, 2022) 

F- 14 

Volatility 

Expected term to warrant expiration 
 years 
 
 Risk-free-rate 

Dividend yield 

Stock price 

() 

() 
 
 Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common stock 

() 

() 

F- 15 

. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and
management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

Units at a purchase price of per Unit for aggregate proceeds of . On August 5, 2021, the underwriters exercised the
full over-allotment option, which resulted in the sale of an additional Units and in proceeds. This resulted in
aggregate Units sold of and aggregate proceeds of from the IPO and subsequent over-allotment. 

per share, subject to adjustment. 

shares of Common Stock were submitted
for redemption. 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement
Warrant, for a purchase price of , in a private placement. In connection with the underwriters exercise of their full
over-allotment option on August 5, 2021, the Sponsors purchased an additional Private Placement Warrants for a purchase price
of . This resulted in aggregate Private Placement Warrants of sold for aggregate proceeds of from the
IPO and subsequent over-allotment. 

A portion of the proceeds from the private placement
was added to the proceeds from the IPO held in the Trust Account. 

F- 16 

in exchange for shares of common stock (the Founder Shares ). The number of founder shares outstanding was determined
based on the expectation that the total size of the Public Offering would be a maximum of Units if the underwriter s
over-allotment option is exercised in full, and therefore that such founder shares would represent of the outstanding shares after
the Public Offering. Up to of the founder shares were subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriter s
over-allotment was exercised. The underwriters exercised their full over-allotment option on August 5, 2021, thereby making the 
shares no longer subject to forfeiture. 

of Founder Shares to three of the Company s directors and the Chief Financial Officer CFO in recognition
of and compensation for their future services to the Company. The assignment of the Founder Shares to the Company s directors and
CFO is within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718,
stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The fair value of the
 Founder Shares granted to the Company s directors and CFO was or approximately per share. The Founder Shares
were assigned to directors and advisor effectively assigned subject to a performance condition (i.e., the consummation of a Business
Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founder Shares is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of achievement
under the applicable accounting literature. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered
probable in an amount equal to the number of Founder Shares times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified)
less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founder Shares. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has not yet
entered into any definitive agreements in connection with any Business Combination. Any such agreements may be subject to certain conditions
to closing, such as, for example, approval by the Company s stockholders. As a result, the Company determined that the consummation
of a Business Combination is not considered probable, and, therefore, no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. 

Units sold in
the Initial Public Offering, Units were purchased by (i) D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C., (ii) certain investment funds
and accounts managed by Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P., and (iii) certain investment funds and accounts managed by Shaolin Capital
Management LLC, unaffiliated qualified institutional buyers (the Anchor Investors ). In connection with the closing of the
Initial Public Offering, each Anchor Investor acquired from the Sponsors an indirect economic interest in certain Founder Shares 
Founder Shares in the aggregate) at a purchase price of per share. The Company estimated the aggregate fair value of the Founder
Shares attributable to the Anchor Investors to be or approximately per share. The excess of the fair value of the Founder
Shares was determined to be a contribution to the Company from the Sponsor in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB Topic 5T and an offering cost in accordance with SAB Topic 5A. Accordingly, the offering cost was recorded against additional paid-in
capital. 

Discount for lack of marketability 

Probability of not completing IPO 

Probability of not completing successful business combination 

founders shares attributable to the Non-Redeeming Stockholders
to be or per share. The excess of the fair value of the Founder Shares was determined to be a contribution to the Company
from the Sponsor in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB Topic 5T and an offering cost in accordance with SAB
Topic 5A. Accordingly, the offering cost was recorded against additional paid-in capital. 

Volatility 

Expected term to warrant expiration 
 years 
 
 Risk-free-rate 

Dividend yield 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and
the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination,
or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results
in all of the stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property (except as
described herein under the section of this prospectus entitled Principal Stockholders - Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares
and Private Placement Warrants ). Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions with respect to any founder
shares. (the Lock-up ). 

F- 17 

to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Public Offering. This loan was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due
at the earlier of August 31, 2021 or the closing of the Public Offering. This loan was repaid and cancelled upon consummation of IPO
and is no longer available for liquidity needs as of December 31, 2022. 

, as part of the Working Capital Loan facility and under the
aforementioned terms, including a conversion option. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and is repayable at the earlier of
the date of when the Company consummates a Business Combination with another entity, the date on which the Company determines to
liquidate or December 31, 2023. On November 15, 2021 the Company borrowed under the Promissory Note, which was
outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The conversion option included in the Promissory Note is considered an embedded
derivative and is remeasured at the end of each reporting period, using Monte Carlo simulation method. The value of the conversion
feature was de minimis as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

. The note is non-interest bearing and is payable at the
earlier of the date on which the Maker consummates an initial business combination and January 26, 2023. The Company borrowed 
under this promissory note which was outstanding as of December 31, 2022. On January 20, 2023, the terms of repayment of this note were
amended to extend its maturity date to t the earlier of the close of its initial business combination or August 31, 2023. 

. The note is non-interest bearing and is payable
at the earlier of the date on which the Maker consummates an initial business combination and January 26, 2023. The Company borrowed 
under this promissory note which was outstanding as of December 31, 2022. On January 20, 2023, the terms of repayment of this note were
amended to extend its maturity date to the earlier of the close of its initial business combination or August 31, 2023. 

do not
contain conversion provisions. 

per month for office space, administrative and support services. Upon completion of the Company s initial Business Combination
or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded 120,000
of administrative service fees which are included in formation and operating costs in the accompanying statements of operations. For
the period from March 10, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company recorded 51,935, of administrative service fees, which
are included in formation and operating costs in the accompanying statements of operations. No amounts were outstanding for the administrative
services at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

from the Trust Account to pay for redemptions of Common Stock and 630,487 for estimated taxes. 

F- 18 

Cash held in Trust Account 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

additional Units to cover any over-allotments, if any, at the Public Offering price less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. On August 5, 2021, the underwriter exercised the over-allotment option in full. 

of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering, or . The underwriter exercised the full over-allotment
option on August 5, 2021 resulting in an additional underwriting discount for an aggregate underwriting discount of 
related to the IPO and subsequent over-allotment exercise. 

(or of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering upon the completion of the Company s
initial Business Combination. 

F- 19 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no shares of preferred
stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of Common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Common stock are entitled to one vote for each common stock.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Common stock issued and outstanding, excluding and 
shares subject to possible redemption, which are presented as temporary equity, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

per share, subject to adjustment. In addition, if the
Company issues additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing
of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share of common stock (with such
issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to
the initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares or private placement securities held by
them, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the newly issued price ), the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted
(to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the newly issued price. 

after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. On the exercise of any warrant, the warrant exercise price will be paid directly to the Company and not
placed in the Trust Account. 

F- 20 

Startup/Organization Expenses 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation Allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of allowance 

Deferred 

State and Local 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

and , respectively, of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers, which do not expire and and , respectively,
of net operating loss carryovers, which may be carried forward until utilized, up to a maximum of years, available to offset future
taxable income in respective jurisdictions. 

. For the period from March
10, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was . 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Excess of state capital tax over state income tax 

Valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

F-21 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-5_williamsrowl.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.5 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934, AS AMENDED 

The following description sets forth certain material
terms and provisions of the securities of Williams Rowland Acquisition Corp. we, us or our that are registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The following
description of our securities is not complete and may not contain all the information you should consider before investing in our securities.
This description is summarized from, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and bylaws, which are incorporated herein by reference. The summary below is also qualified by reference to the Delaware General Corporation
Law. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had three classes of
securities registered under the Exchange Act: our common stock, 0.0001 par value per share; warrants to purchase shares of our common
stock; and units consisting of one share of common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant to purchase one share of common stock. 

Units 

Each unit consists of one whole share of common
stock and one-half (1/2) of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our common
stock at a price of 11.50 per share. The common stock and warrants began separate trading on September 26, 2021. 

Common Stock 

Common stockholders of record are entitled to one
vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
or bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority
of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. There is no cumulative
voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election
of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the
board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Holders of shares of common stock sold in our IPO
have the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us
to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject certain limitations. 

Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination by July 29, 2023, we will (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully
available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to
pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further
liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the company after an initial business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available
for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference over
the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to
the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their
pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon the completion of our initial business combination,
subject to the limitations described herein. 

Redeemable Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder
to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing
on the later of 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering or 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination.
The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade.
Accordingly, unless a holder holds a multiple of two units, the number of warrants issuable to such holder upon separation of the units
will be rounded down to the nearest whole number of warrants. 

We will not be obligated to deliver any shares
of common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration
statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus
relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be
exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless common stock issuable upon
such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the
registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with
respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and
expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective
for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely
for the share of common stock underlying such unit. 

We have not registered the shares of common stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants at this time. However, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15
business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration
statement for the registration under the Securities Act of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter
will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following our initial business combination and
to maintain a current prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, until the expiration of the warrants
in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon
exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrantholders
may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective
registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or
another exemption. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a
cashless basis. 

Once the warrants become exercisable, we may call
the warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of
redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrantholder; and 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the common
stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like)
for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day-period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice
of redemption to the warrantholders. 

2 

If and when the warrants become redeemable by
us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from
registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws and we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. 

We have established the last of the redemption
criteria discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise
price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrantholder will be entitled
to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the common stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption
trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 warrant
exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

If we call the warrants for redemption as described
above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. 
In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, our management will consider,
among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing
the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option,
all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to
the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference
between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair
market value shall mean the average last reported sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading
day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this
option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of common stock to be received
upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner
will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature
is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. If
we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option, our sponsor and its permitted transferees
would still be entitled to exercise their private placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described
above that other warrantholders would have been required to use had all warrantholders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis, as described in more detail below. 

A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing
in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent
that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual
knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 or 9.99 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of common stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

If the number of outstanding shares of common stock
is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of common stock, or by a split-up of shares of common stock or other similar event,
then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise
of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of common stock. A rights offering to holders
of common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of common stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock
dividend of a number of shares of common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of common stock actually sold in such
rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for
common stock) and (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of common stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y)
the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock,
in determining the price payable for common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well
as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of common
stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of common
stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

3 

In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants
are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of common stock
on account of such shares of common stock (or other shares of our capital stock into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a)
as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of common stock in connection
with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of common stock in connection with a
stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of
holders of our public shares to seek redemption in connection with our initial business combination or our obligation to redeem 100 of
our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by July 29, 2023 or (ii) with respect to any other provision
relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public
shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately
after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each
share of common stock in respect of such event. 

If the number of outstanding shares of our common
stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of common stock or other similar
event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar event, the number
of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares
of common stock. 

Whenever the number of shares of common stock purchasable
upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant
exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of common stock
purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number
of shares of common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

In case of any reclassification or reorganization
of the outstanding shares of common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such shares of common
stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in
which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding shares of
common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety
or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right
to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the shares of our common
stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares
of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation,
or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised
their warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of common stock in such
a transaction is payable in the form of common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange
or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event,
and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of the consummation
of such applicable event, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes
value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value
to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders
of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants in order to determine and realize the option value component
of the warrant. This formula is to compensate the warrant holder for the loss of the option value portion of the warrant due to the requirement
that the warrant holder exercise the warrant within 30 days of the event. The Black-Scholes model is an accepted pricing model for estimating
fair market value where no quoted market price for an instrument is available. 

The warrants were issued in registered form under
a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. You should review a copy of the
warrant agreement, which will be filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, for a complete
description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may
be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the
holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered
holders of public warrants. 

In addition, if we issue additional shares of common
stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a
newly issued price of less than 9.20 per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good
faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking
into account any founder shares or private placement securities held by them, as applicable, prior to such issuance), the exercise price
of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the newly issued price. 

4 

The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of
the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse
side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless
basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrantholders
do not have the rights or privileges of holders of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares
of common stock. After the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote
for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise
of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon
exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of common stock to be issued to the warrantholder. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common
stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions
subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our common stock and warrant
agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
contains certain requirements and restrictions that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions
cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of 65 of our common stock. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
within by July 29, 2023, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held
in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights
as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve
and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of
other applicable law; 

5 

Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue
additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on
any initial business combination; 

Although we do not intend to enter into an initial business
combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing
so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair
to our company from a financial point of view; 

If a stockholder vote on our initial business combination
is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our
public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior
to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial
business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; whether or not we maintain our
registration under the our Exchange Act or our listing on the NYSE, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
their public shares by one of the two methods listed above; 

If our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders of our public shares to seek redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination by July 29, 2023 or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business
combination activity, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common
stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then
outstanding public shares; and 

We will not effectuate our initial business combination with
another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less
than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

We are subject to the provisions of Section 203
of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging
in a business combination with: 

a stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting
stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years
following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

A business combination includes a merger or sale of more
than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if: 

our board of directors approves the transaction that made
the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction; 

6 

after the completion of the transaction that resulted in
the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the
transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or 

on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the initial
business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent,
by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred
stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including
future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved
common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest,
tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Exclusive forum for certain lawsuits 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and
employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware,
except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject
to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of
Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than
the Court of Chancery, (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction or as to which the Court of Chancery
and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall have concurrent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions
of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation do not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the
Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. If an action is brought
outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s
counsel. 

Special meeting of stockholders 

Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our
stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief Executive Officer or by our Chairman. 

Advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director
nominations 

Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to
bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of
stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to be received
by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the
opening of business on the 120th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant
to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained
therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may
preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at
our annual meeting of stockholders. 

Action by written consent 

Any action required or permitted to be taken by
our common stockholders must be effected by a duly called annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written
consent of the stockholders. 

7 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_williamsrowl.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, David B. Williams, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Williams Rowland Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: April 17, 2023 

/s/ David B. Williams 

David B. Williams 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_williamsrowl.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jonathan D. Rowland, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Williams Rowland Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Jonathan D. Rowland 

Jonathan D. Rowland 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-3_williamsrowl.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.3 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Bobby Morovati, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Williams Rowland Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: April 17, 2023 

/s/
 Bobby Morovati 

Bobby Morovati 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_williamsrowl.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Williams Rowland
Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Dated: April 17, 2023 

/s/ David B. Williams 

David B. Williams 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_williamsrowl.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Williams Rowland
Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Dated: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Jonathan D. Rowland 

Jonathan D. Rowland 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-3_williamsrowl.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.3 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Williams Rowland
Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Dated: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Bobby Morovati 

Bobby Morovati 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 wrac-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 wrac-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 wrac-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 wrac-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 wrac-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

