<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1674227_0001213900-23-030171.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4690102</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>225158</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>919892</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1104258</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1172521</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1138265</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-030171.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417142146
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-030171
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SCWorx Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001674227
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENT & RECREATION [7990]
		IRS NUMBER:				475412331
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37899
		FILM NUMBER:		23823607

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		590 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2127397825

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		590 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Alliance MMA, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160510

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-030171.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_scworx.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, DC 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its
Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 

, 

(Address, including zip code, and telephone
number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Name of each exchange on which registered The Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based-compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act). Yes 

As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value
of the registrant s Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million, based on the last reported
trading price of the Common Stock on that date, as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s
common stock as of March 30, 2023 was . 

SCWORX CORP. 

ANNUAL 

REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page no 

PART I 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 24 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 24 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 

PART II 
 26 

Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 26 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 38 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 38 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 38 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 38 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 39 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 39 

PART III 
 40 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 40 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 43 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholders Matters 
 44 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 45 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 46 

PART IV 
 47 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 47 

Signatures 
 48 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-1 

Index to Exhibits 
 49 

i 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements 

Certain statements that
we make from time to time, including statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements 
within the meaning Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or
the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. All statements other than
statements of historical fact contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements. These statements, among other
things, relate to our business strategy, goals and expectations concerning our services, future operations, prospects, plans and objectives
of management. The words anticipate , believe , continue , could , estimate ,
 expect , intend , may , plan , predict , project , will ,
and similar terms and phrases are used to identify forward-looking statements in this presentation. 

Our operations involve
risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside our control, and any one of which, or a combination of which, could materially affect
our results of operations and whether the forward-looking statements ultimately prove to be correct. We have based these forward-looking
statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial
condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs.
Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, without limitation, statements reflecting management s expectations
for future financial performance and operating expenditures (including our ability to continue as a going concern, to raise additional
capital and to succeed in our future operations), expected growth, profitability and business outlook, and operating expenses. 

Forward-looking statements
are only current predictions and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results,
levels of activity, performance, or achievements to be materially different from those anticipated by such statements. These factors include,
among other things, the unknown risks and uncertainties that we believe could cause actual results to differ from these forward looking
statements as set forth under the heading, Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. New risks and
uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of the risks and uncertainties that could have an
impact on the forward-looking statements, including without limitation, risks and uncertainties relating to our ability to: 

reverse
the recent decline in our revenue and resume growing our revenue; 

resolve
the various litigation proceedings and investigations pending against us on favorable terms or at all; 

obtain
additional financing in sufficient amounts or on acceptable terms so that we can fund our business plan; 

reduce
our dependence on third-party subcontractors to perform some of the work on our contracts; 

mitigate
the impact of new or changed laws, regulations or other industry standards that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business; 

mitigate
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our revenues; 

adopt
and master new technologies and adjust certain fixed costs and expenses to adapt to our industry s and customers evolving
demands; and 

mitigate
the impact of changes in general market, economic and political conditions in the United States and global economies or financial markets,
including those resulting from natural or man-made disasters. 

Although we believe that
the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are reasonable, we cannot guarantee
future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. In light of inherent risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the future
events and trends discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely
from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we are under no duty to update or revise
any of such forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, after the date of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

You should read this Annual
Report on Form 10-K with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and events and circumstances
may be materially different from what we expect. 

All references to SCWorx, 
 we, us, our or the Company mean SCWorx Corp., a Delaware corporation, and where
appropriate, its wholly owned subsidiaries 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Corporate Information 

SCWorx, LLC (n/k/a SCW FL
Corp.) SCW LLC was a privately held limited liability company which was organized in Florida on November 17, 2016. On
December 31, 2017, SCW LLC acquired Primrose Solutions, LLC Primrose ), a Delaware limited liability company, which became
its wholly-owned subsidiary and focused on developing functionality for the software now used and sold by SCWorx Corp. (the Company 
or SCWorx ). The majority interest holders of Primrose were interest holders of SCW LLC and based upon Staff Accounting Bulletin
Topic 5G, the technology acquired has been accounted for at predecessor cost of 0. To facilitate the planned acquisition by Alliance
MMA, Inc., a Delaware corporation Alliance ), on June 27, 2018, SCW LLC merged with and into a newly-formed entity, SCWorx
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation SCW Acquisition ), with SCW Acquisition being the surviving entity. Subsequently,
on August 17, 2018, SCW Acquisition changed its name to SCWorx Corp. On November 30, 2018, the Company and certain of its stockholders
agreed to cancel 6,510 shares of common stock. In June 2018, the Company began to collect subscriptions for common stock. From June to
November 2018, the Company collected 1,250,000 in subscriptions and issued 3,125 shares of common stock to new third-party investors.
In addition, on February 1, 2019, (i) SCWorx Corp. (f/k/a SCWorx Acquisition Corp.) changed its name to SCW FL Corp. (to allow Alliance
to change its name to SCWorx Corp.) and (ii) Alliance acquired SCWorx Corp. (n/k/a SCW FL Corp.) in a stock-for-stock exchange transaction
and changed Alliance s name to SCWorx Corp., which is the Company s current name, with SCW FL Corp. becoming the Company s
subsidiary. On March 16, 2020, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, SCWorx established a wholly-owned subsidiary, Direct-Worx, LLC. 

Our principal executive offices
are located at 590 Madison Avenue, 21 st Floor, New York, New York, 10022. Our telephone number is (844) 472-9679. 

In this Annual Report, the
terms SCWorx , Alliance, Alliance MMA, the Company, we, us 
and our refer to SCWorx, Corp. (f/k/a Alliance MMA, Inc.). Unless specified otherwise, the historical financial results
in this Annual Report are those of SCWorx and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 

Our Business 

SCWorx is a provider of data
content and services related to the repair, normalization and interoperability of information for healthcare providers, as well as big
data analytics for the healthcare industry. 

SCWorx has developed and markets
health care information technology solutions and associated services that improve healthcare processes and information flow within hospitals
and other healthcare facilities. SCWorx s software enables a healthcare provider to simplify and organize its data data
normalization ), allows the data to be utilized across multiple internal software applications interoperability and provides the basis for sophisticated data analytics big data ). Customers use our software to achieve multiple operational
benefits, such as supply chain cost reductions, decreased accounts receivables aging, accelerated and completed patient billing in less
than 72 hours, contract optimization, increased supply chain management and total cost visibility via dynamic AI connections that automatically
structures, repairs, synchronizes and maintains purchasing MMIS ), Clinical EMR and finance CDM systems. SCWorx s customers include some of the most prestigious healthcare organizations in the United States. SCWorx offers an
advanced software solution for the management of health care providers foundational business applications, empowering its customers
to significantly reduce costs, drive better clinical outcomes and enhance their revenue. SCWorx supports the interrelationship between
the three core healthcare provider systems: Supply Chain, Financial and Clinical. This solution integrates common keys within distinct
and variable databases that allows the repaired foundational data to move seamlessly from one application to another enabling our Customers
to drive supply chain cost reductions, optimize contracts, increase supply chain management SCM ), cost visibility, control
rebates and contract administration fees. 

1 

Currently, the business systems
of hospitals are frequently deficient and often unconnected from each other. These deficiencies in part result from the vast amount of
unstructured, manually created and managed data that proliferates within the hospital s supply chain, clinical and billing systems.
SCWorx s solutions are designed to improve the flow of information quickly and accurately between the buy-side (supply chain purchasing
systems), the consumption-side (clinical documentation systems like the electronic medical records EMR )) and billing and
collection systems (patient billing systems). The currently poor state of interoperability limits the potential value of each independent
system and requires significant expense and extensive human resource commitments from senior personnel to stay ahead of problems and complete
basic administrative tasks. SCWorx provides an information service that ultimately leads to safer, more cost effective and financially
efficient patient care. 

SCWorx has demonstrated that
in order for the core hospital systems to function properly there must be a Single Source of Truth SSOT for all products
utilized and ultimately billed for. The Item Master File IMF ), which is a database of all known products used in hospital
and health care settings, must be accurate at all times and expanded upon to hold both clinical and financial attributes. An accurate
and expanded Item Master File supports interoperability between the supply chain, clinical and financial systems by delivering, on demand,
reports detailing the purchasing, utilization and revenue associated with each and every item used, allowing hospitals to better manage
their business. The Single Source of Truth establishes a common vernacular and syntax, while assigning a consistent meaning across the
healthcare provider s core systems and accurately migrating data from one application to another and removing disconnects between
critical business systems. 

SCWorx s Software Solutions/Services 

SCWorx empowers healthcare
providers to maintain comprehensive access and visibility to an advanced business intelligence that enables better decision-making and
reductions in product costs and utilization, ultimately leading to accelerated and accurate patient billing. SCWorx s software modules
perform separate functions as follows: 

Virtualized
Item Master File repair, expansion and automation The process begins with data normalization data is put into a simplified
and normalized structure and location for use throughout the enterprise. The SCWorx software normalizes, automates and builds interoperability
via advanced attribution, vendor and contract mapping, product categorization, repairing the unit of measure and establishing revenue
codes and flags. SCWorx improves the healthcare providers business processes through the establishment of a clean and normalized
Item Master File that improves efficiencies, eliminates cumbersome and error-prone manual processes, and provides an integrated cloud-based
suite of services that enhances the productivity of operating room staff, supply chain margins and billing revenue through the seamless
sharing and accuracy of critical business data. 

Electronic
Medical Record Management The Electronic Medical Record (EMR) module integrates the advanced data attributes created by SCWorx
in the Item Master into the EMR. The EMR serves as the database that hospitals use to document all clinical procedures in terms of the
products used and the costs that should be charged. What makes this module special is that prior to its creation there was no mechanism
that tied product purchases to actual utilization. Hospitals, being mass consumption businesses, had no way to identify excess ordering
that always accompanies mass consumption organizations. In addition, the automation and consistency of delivered attributes dramatically
reduces the administrative burden as today these additional attributes are being created by expensive clinical resources manually 
over and over again by each hospital. The SCWorx EMR management system creates one vernacular for each hospital so they see the data
in a manner that suits them and then creates a universal vernacular so they can see their performance against other like institutions. 

2 

Charge
Description Master Management The Charge Description Master (CDM) Management module assists healthcare providers by integrating
the CDM data into the workflow of the hospitals purchasing systems so that the latest costs can be automatically updated against the
hospitals charging systems. The CDM data provided by SCWorx is made more accurate, and the resulting data is integrated to the Item Master
for real-time delivery to the EMR this data is the last remaining piece of information that is consumed by the EMR and passed
ultimately to the patient billing systems. SCWorx provides real-time integration, automation and management of Item Master File, Clinical
Information Systems and the Charge Description Master. 

Contract
Management SCWorx s Contract Management Module assists healthcare providers to establish an efficient contract management
system and to provide first class care to patients, while reducing operating costs, assuring adherence to compliance requirements, and
mitigating risk. By linking the Item Master File to the healthcare providers contract management system and procedures, SCWorx simplifies
the way contracts are managed from start to finish by streamlining the processes of creating, routing, reviewing and approving contracts.
SCWorx delivers a data warehouse platform which integrates item master management, spend analysis, and contract management. These solutions
enable financial staff across the healthcare provider to drill down quickly and deeply into actionable and real-time financial data and
key performance indicators to improve revenue realization and staff efficiency. This suite of solutions includes the ability to automatically
push price changes to a contract, compliance for standard and non-standard products, contract compliance and optimization reporting,
reliable cost data for current and alternate products, cost performance metrics, matching purchase order price to contract and contract
repository. 

Request
for Proposal RFP Automation With the reality of shrinking operating margins, increasing operating expenses and
decreasing insurance reimbursements, hospitals must evaluate all major expenditures. In addition, requirements for provable quality of
service supported by trackable metrics now frequently necessitate the search for better options available in the marketplace. Since hospital-based
provider subsidies are often a major expense item and since there are often perceived opportunities for quality improvement, it is a
reasonable practice for hospital leadership to carefully evaluate all of their current hospital-based services and associated financial
support before each contract renegotiation. The proliferation of large regional and national providers, with their ability to derive
benefits from economies of scale, have made RFPs much more of a competitive process. Hospital administrators, however, often rely on
poor or conflicting data when creating an RFP. Through the integration and utilization of the SSOT SCWorx automates the RFP process and
makes it more accurate. SCWorx automates the core sourcing processes with the intention to accelerate cycle times, surveys and confirms
business preferred processes, designs and builds a flow chart for the current and desired workflows, cross references bid analysis, implements
bid scoring, customizes software to support automation and customizes the report writer and output documents. 

Integration
of Acquired Businesses The agnostic design of the SCWorx solution enables rapid deployment of a virtual Item Master File to quickly
and easily allow combining healthcare providers to share information and achieve cost synergies and interoperability without large and
cumbersome upgrades or implementations. During the consolidation of healthcare providers, SCWorx cleans the data and makes the data available
to the disparate systems. In addition, M A activity requires in-depth reporting for comparison of Group Purchasing Organization GPO contract overlap. When healthcare providers that use different GPOs merge, or are acquired, there is a lack of information to compare
contracts. SCWorx provides information for comparative purposes to solve these issues rapidly. 

Rebate
Management Frequently, vendors use rebates and incentives as a key part of their pricing strategy and structure when selling
to hospitals. This tactic makes pricing more attractive to healthcare providers. When tracked through Accounts Payable, and issued correctly,
rebates can help healthcare organizations save money. At any large healthcare provider, vendor rebates can be difficult to manage since
they require a multi-step process to track dollars earned, credits issued, and monies paid. Rebates frequently cause tracking challenges
for Accounts Payable departments. Inconsistent tracking is the primary problem for loss of savings with vendor rebate programs. SCWorx s
Rebate Management Module enables healthcare providers to correctly calculate and track rebates provided by healthcare provider vendors.
Purchasing or Contracting departments monitor rebates by creating and maintaining a Rebates Master List which is provided to the Accounts
Payable department. To assist in this cumbersome process, SCWorx provides information from the SSOT, such as historical data, frequent
updates, advanced administrative fee reporting, purchase rebate tracking, early payment/discount management and Vendor Master Data alignment. 

3 

Big
Data Analytics Model SCWorx provides an in-depth, easy-to-use web portal for display, reporting and analysis of the information
contained within the SCWorx data warehouse. SCWorx s analytics solution enables healthcare providers to view benchmarking information,
quickly add new items to the SSOT and identify cost savings through this real-time and on-demand solution. In addition to simplifying
the item add process, SCWorx provides peer comparison reporting against similar healthcare providers and a list of informative reports
for business measurement, such as spend trend analysis, contract gap analysis, market price comparison, etc. The SCWorx product line
is a simplified user experience and visual display for the hospital employee which does not require access to the SCWorx application. 

Data
Integration and Warehousing Healthcare providers maintain a significant amount of data. In many cases the data is not useful
for analytics since the data is held within an individual silo. SCWorx establishes an expandable, data warehouse of items
that have been normalized, repaired and enriched as the SSOT for useful benchmarking, interoperability and analytics. SCWorx s
data warehouse allows healthcare providers to effectively use the data contained in their environment and efficiently establish the supply
chain as a leading driver of revenue cycle management. The data warehouse is updated as frequently as every five minutes without intervention. 

ScanWorx
 Our mobile perioperative closed loop scanning solution is driven by the SCWorx foundational data structure, and utilizes interoperable
data exchanges to push and secure the customer s enriched item master, all built around the customer s internal business
rules and chart of account requirements offering the following: 

Cloud
hosted mobile scanning solution, which automates the consumption of known and unknown implant device utilization during surgical procedures
via intuitive Scanning or smart searching features. 

All scanned device utilization will capture all available attributes,
such as Global Trade Item Number, Lot, Serial numbers, expiration dates. 

ScanWorx
will establish the following connections with existing Enterprise Resource Planning ERP and Electronic Medical Record EMR enterprise systems for the following: 

EMR
 Daily scheduling feeds with case information 

ERP
 Bill-Only electronic purchase orders 

EMR
 Case closure with device utilization integration 

ScanWorx
has the ability to consume additional product utilization per case when provided by the EMR for surgical preference cards, central sterile
processing products, and anesthesia gas. 

ScanWorx
will identify and automate the Item-Add process for unknown items introduced during surgical procedures based on customer s existing
business rules. 

SCWorx continues to provide
transformational data-driven solutions to some of the finest, most well-respected healthcare providers in the United States. Clients are
geographically dispersed throughout the country. The Company s focus is to assist healthcare providers with issues they have pertaining
to data interoperability. SCWorx provides these solutions through a combination of direct sales and relationships with strategic partners. 

4 

SCWorx s software solutions
are delivered to clients within a fixed term period, typically a three-to-five-year contracted term, where such software is hosted in
SCWorx data centers (Amazon Web Service s AWS or RackSpace) and accessed by the client through a secure connection
in a software as a service SaaS delivery method. 

SCWorx currently sells its
solutions and services in the United States to hospitals and health systems through its direct sales force and its distribution and reseller
partnerships. 

Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic 

The Company s operations
and business have experienced disruption due to the unprecedented conditions surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic which spread throughout
the United States and the world. The outbreak adversely impacted new customer acquisition. The Company has followed the recommendations
of local health authorities to minimize exposure risk for its team members since the outbreak. 

In addition, the Company s
customers (hospitals) also experienced extraordinary disruptions to their businesses and supply chains, while experiencing unprecedented
demand for health care services related to COVID-19. As a result of these extraordinary disruptions to the Company s customers 
business, the Company s customers were focused on meeting the nation s health care needs in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Thus, the Company believes that its customers were not able to focus resources on expanding the utilization of the Company s
services, which has adversely impacted the Company s growth prospects, at least until the adverse effects of the pandemic subside.
In addition, the financial impact of COVID-19 on the Company s hospital customers could cause the hospitals to delay payments due
to the Company for services, which could negatively impact the Company s cash flows. 

The Company sought to mitigate
these impacts to revenue through the sale of personal protective equipment PPE and COVID-19 rapid test kits to the health
care industry, including many of the Company s hospital customers. On March 16, 2020, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, SCWorx
established a wholly-owned subsidiary, Direct-Worx, LLC to endeavor to source and provide critical, difficult-to-find items for the healthcare
industry. Items had become difficult to source due to unexpected disruptions within the supply chain due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The
products the Company sought to source included: 

Test
Kits the Company currently has no contracted supply of Rapid Test Kits. 

PPE
 Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) includes items such as masks, gloves, gowns, shields, etc. Currently the Company has no contracted
supply of PPE. 

Regarding PPE and Test Kits,
the Company s Board of Directors determined during the second quarter of 2020 to limit the Company s role to acting as an
intermediary between buyers and sellers with commission-based compensation. 

Clients and Strategic Partners 

SCWorx continues to provide
transformational data-driven solutions to some of the finest, most well-respected healthcare providers in the United States. Clients are
geographically dispersed throughout the country and the continued focus is to assist healthcare providers with issues they have pertaining
to data interoperability. SCWorx provides these solutions through a combination of direct sales and relationships with strategic partners. 

5 

Competition 

SCWorx competes against a
variety of vendors and smaller companies which provide solutions in the specific markets we address. Our principal competitors include: 

purchasing
departments that have limited budgets and may be attempting to manually repair the item master file; 

large
companies with a long list of products and services and small companies which may provide item master normalization and data cleanse
services; and 

software
companies or service providers, as well as small, specialized vendors, that provide complementary or competitive solutions in benchmarking
or data analytics and data warehousing that may compete with our offerings. 

Some of our actual and perceived
competitors have advantages over us, such as longer operating histories, greater financial, technical, marketing or other resources, stronger
brand and business user recognition, larger intellectual property portfolios, broader distribution and presence, and competitive pricing.
In addition, our industry is evolving rapidly and is becoming increasingly competitive. 

Barriers to entry to the data
management market include technological and application sophistication, the ability to offer a proven product, creating and utilizing
a well-established client base and distribution channels, brand recognition, the ability to provide agnostic interoperability and to operate
on a variety of MMIS, EMR and financial platforms, the ability to integrate with pre-existing systems and capital for sustained development
and marketing activities. 

SCWorx believes that these
obstacles taken together represent a moderate to high-level barrier to entry on the data management side of our business. The principal
competitive factors in our markets are product features, functionality and support, product depth and breadth (number of items in the
central data warehouse), flexibility, ease of deployment and use, total cost of ownership and time to value. We believe that we generally
compete favorably on the basis of these factors. For example, besides our agnostic interoperability, additional key strengths include
the SCWorx data warehouse, which exceeds 12 million items, SCWorx Big Data analytics and benchmarking. 

Contracts, License and Service Fees 

SCWorx enters into agreements
with its clients that specify the scope of the solution to be installed and/or services to be provided by SCWorx, as well as the agreed-upon
aggregate price, applicable duration and the timetable for the associated licenses and services. 

For clients purchasing software
to be installed locally or provided on a SaaS model, these are multi-element arrangements that include a term license granting the right
to access the applicable software functionality (whether installed locally at the client site or the right to use our company s
solutions as a part of SaaS services), terms regarding maintenance and support services, terms for any third-party components such as
infrastructure and software, and professional services for implementation, integration, process engineering, optimization and training,
as well as fees and payment terms for each of the foregoing. If the client purchases solutions on a long-term license model, the client
may be billed the license fee up front or on a monthly or quarterly basis. Maintenance and support are provided on a term basis for separate
fees, with an initial term of typically three to five years. The license, maintenance and support fee is charged annually in advance,
commencing either upon contract execution or deployment of the solution in live production. If the client purchases solutions on a term-based
model, the client is billed periodically a combined access fee for a specified term, typically three to five years in length. 

SCWorx also generally provides
software and SaaS client s professional services for implementation, integration, process engineering, and optimization and training.
These services and the associated fees are separate from the license, maintenance and access fees. Professional services are provided
on either a fixed-fee or hourly arrangements billable to clients based on agreed-to payment milestones (fixed fee) or monthly payment
structure on hours incurred (hourly). These services can either be included at the time the related SaaS solution is licensed as part
of the initial purchase agreement or added on afterward as an addendum to the existing agreement for services required after the initial
implementation. 

6 

For one-time data normalization
services clients, these normalization services are provided either through a stand-alone services agreement or services addendum to an
existing master agreement with the client. These normalization services are available as either a one-time service or recurring monthly,
quarterly or annual review structure. These services are typically provided on a per item basis. Payment typically occurs upon completion
of the applicable normalization project. The commencement of revenue recognition varies depending on the size and complexity of the system
and/or services involved, the implementation or performance schedule requested by the client and usage by clients of SaaS for software-based
components. SCWorx s agreements are generally non-cancellable but provide that the client may terminate its agreement upon a material
breach by SCWorx and/or may delay certain aspects of the installation or associated payments in such events. SCWorx does allow for termination
for convenience in certain situations. SCWorx also includes trial or evaluation periods for certain clients, especially for new or modified
solutions. Therefore, it is difficult for SCWorx to accurately predict the revenue it expects to achieve in any particular period, and
a termination or installation delay of one or more phases of an agreement, or the failure of SCWorx to procure additional agreements,
could have a material adverse effect on SCWorx s business, financial condition, and results of operations. Historically, SCWorx
has not experienced a material amount of contract cancellations; however, SCWorx sometimes experiences delays during contract implementation,
and SCWorx accounts for them accordingly. 

Third Party License Fees 

SCWorx incorporates software
licensed from various third-party vendors into its proprietary software. Stand-alone third-party software is also required to operate
certain of SCWorx s proprietary software and/or SaaS services. SCWorx licenses these software products and pays the required license
fees when such software is delivered to clients. 

Government Regulation 

Management believes that governmental
regulation is not material to our current core data management business. 

Intellectual Property 

We protect our intellectual
property rights by relying on federal, state and common law rights, as well as contractual restrictions. We control access to our proprietary
technology by entering into confidentiality agreements, invention assignment agreements and work for hire agreements with our employees
and contractors, and confidentiality agreements with third parties. We further control the use of our proprietary technology and intellectual
property through provisions in our websites terms of use. Agreements between the Company and end-users includes a license agreement
in which a non-transferable non-sublicensable, non-exclusive, limited use license to use the licensed products for the duration of the
service order. Customers may not modify, copy, translate, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, loan, rent, lease, sublicense, or
create derivative works of the licensed products, in whole or in part. Customer agrees to maintain software and data as Confidential Information. 

The Company currently hosts
our solution, serves our customers, and supports our operations in the United States through an agreement with a third-party hosting and
infrastructure provider, Rackspace. The Company incorporates standard IT security measures, including but not limited to; firewalls, disaster
recovery, backup, etc. 

Circumstances outside our
control could pose a threat to our intellectual property rights. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not be available
in the United States or other countries in which we seek protection of our marks or our copyrighted works. Also, the efforts we have taken
to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights may
harm our business or our ability to compete. 

Seasonality 

We do not believe that SCWorx s
revenues are impacted by seasonality. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had 9 employees, of which 2 were management and finance and the rest in operations. We primarily utilize independent contractors and third-party
vendors for software, maintenance of our database and customer software installation. 

7 

Available Information 

Our website address is www.SCWorx.com.
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant
to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), are filed with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC). We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and file or furnish reports, proxy statements,
and other information with the SEC. Such reports and other information filed by us with the SEC are available free of charge on our website
at www.SCWorx.com when such reports become available on the SEC s website. The public may read and copy any materials filed by SCWorx
Corp. with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580, Washington, DC 20549 on official business
days during the hours of 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling
the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The contents of the websites referred to above are not incorporated
into this filing. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Certain factors could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. You should carefully consider the
risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our
consolidated financial statements and related notes. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional
risks and uncertainties of which we are unaware, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If any of the following risks occurs, our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price
of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Results and
Financing Plans 

The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted our
business and the business of our hospital customers. 

The Company s operations
and business have experienced disruption due to the unprecedented conditions surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic which spread throughout
the United States and the world. The outbreak adversely impacted new customer acquisition. The Company has followed the recommendations
of local health authorities to minimize exposure risk for its team members since the outbreak. 

In addition, the Company s
customers (hospitals) also experienced extraordinary disruptions to their businesses and supply chains, while experiencing unprecedented
demand for health care services related to COVID-19. As a result of these extraordinary disruptions to the Company s customers 
business, the Company s customers were focused on meeting the nation s health care needs in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Thus, the Company believes that its customers were not able to focus resources on expanding the utilization of the Company s
services, which has adversely impacted the Company s growth prospects, at least until the adverse effects of the pandemic subside.
In addition, the financial impact of COVID-19 on the Company s hospital customers could cause the hospitals to delay payments due
to the Company for services, which could negatively impact the Company s cash flows. 

The Company sought to mitigate
these impacts to revenue through the sale of personal protective equipment PPE and COVID-19 rapid test kits to the health
care industry, including many of the Company s hospital customers. On March 16, 2020, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, SCWorx
established a wholly-owned subsidiary, Direct-Worx, LLC to endeavor to source and provide critical, difficult-to-find items for the healthcare
industry. Items had become difficult to source due to unexpected disruptions within the supply chain due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The
products the Company sought to source included: 

Test
Kits the Company currently has no contracted supply of Rapid Test Kits. 

PPE Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) includes items such as masks, gloves, gowns, shields, etc. Currently the Company has no contracted supply of PPE. 

8 

Regarding PPE and Test Kits,
the Company s Board of Directors determined during the second quarter of 2020 to limit the Company s role to acting as an
intermediary between buyers and sellers with commission-based compensation. However, there is no assurance the Company will realize any
material revenue from these activities. 

We have a history of losses and may continue
to incur losses in the future. 

We have a history of losses
and may continue to incur losses in the future, which could negatively impact the trading value of our common stock. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, our revenues were 4,038,188, and we had a net loss of 1,847,406. For the year ended December 31, 2021, our revenues
were 4,632,529, and we had a net loss of 3,814,468. At December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 25,858,697. 

We incurred losses from operations
of 2,126,597 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 3,814,468 for the year ended December 31, 2020. We may continue to incur operating
and net losses in future periods. These losses may increase, and we may never achieve profitability for a variety of reasons, including
increased competition, decreased growth in our target market and other factors described elsewhere in this Risk Factors 
section. If we cannot achieve sustained profitability, our stockholders may lose all or a portion of their investment in our company. 

If we are unable to grow our revenue, we
may never achieve or sustain profitability. 

To become profitable, we must, among other things, increase our revenues.
Our total revenues declined approximately 590,000 (12 to 4,038,188 in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 4,632,529 in
the year ended December 31, 2021. This decline in revenue will be exacerbated if we are unable to develop and market new products,
which could help us increase our sales to existing customers or develop new customers. Even if we are able to grow our revenues, they
may not be sufficient to exceed increases in our operating expenses or to enable us to achieve or sustain profitability. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

There is substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. 

Our auditors have indicated
in their report on our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 that conditions exist that raise substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern since we may not have sufficient capital resources from operations and existing financing arrangements
to meet our operating expenses and working capital requirements. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had only limited cash on hand, a working capital deficit of 1,442,198 and accumulated deficit of 25,858,697. During the year ended December
31, 2022, we had a net loss of 1,847,406 and used 546,663 of cash in operations. We have historically incurred operating losses and
may continue to incur operating losses for the foreseeable future. We believe that these conditions raise substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern. This may hinder our ability to obtain financing or may force us to obtain financing on less favorable
terms than would otherwise be available. If we are unable to develop sufficient revenues and additional customers for our products and
services, we may not generate enough revenue to sustain our business, and we may fail, in which case our stockholders would suffer a total
loss of their investment. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue as a going concern. 

9 

We currently have an immediate need for
additional capital. If we are unable to obtain additional capital, we will not be able to implement our business strategy or successfully
operate our business; however, additional financings will subject our existing stockholders to dilution. 

To continue our growth path,
we expect to finance our future expansion plans through public or private equity offerings or debt financing. Additional funds may not
be available when we need them on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. We have recently encountered some difficulty in raising
funds from external sources. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to further delay or reduce the scope of our business
plans. To the extent that we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders will experience dilution. In addition,
debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants. We may seek to access the public or private capital markets whenever
conditions are favorable, even if we do not have an immediate need for additional capital at that time. Our access to the financial markets
and the pricing and terms we receive in the financial markets could be adversely impacted by various factors, including changes in financial
markets and interest rates. 

Our future funding requirements
will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, the costs and timing of our future acquisitions. 

A failure to successfully execute our growth
strategy could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Subject to the receipt of
sufficient funding, which we currently do not have, we intend to pursue growth through expanding our sales force, product offerings and
project skill-sets and capabilities, as well as increasing critical mass to enable us to bid on larger contracts. 

We may also consider potential
acquisitions if conditions permit. However, we may be unable to find suitable acquisition candidates or to complete acquisitions on favorable
terms, if at all. Moreover, any completed acquisition may not result in the intended benefits. For example, while the historical financial
and operating performance of an acquisition target are among the criteria we evaluate in determining which acquisition targets we will
pursue, there can be no assurance that any business or assets we acquire will continue to perform in accordance with past practices or
will achieve financial or operating results that are consistent with or exceed past results. Any such failure could adversely affect our
business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, any completed acquisition may not result in the intended benefits
for other reasons and our acquisitions will involve a number of other risks, including: 

We
may have difficulty integrating the acquired companies; 

Our
ongoing business and management s attention may be disrupted or diverted by transition or integration issues and the complexity
of managing geographically or culturally diverse enterprises; 

We
may not realize the anticipated cost savings or other financial benefits we anticipated; 

We
may have difficulty retaining or hiring key personnel, customers and suppliers to maintain expanded operations; 

Our
internal resources may not be adequate to support our operations as we expand, particularly if we are awarded a significant number of
contracts in a short time period; 

We
may have difficulty retaining and obtaining any required regulatory approvals, licenses and permits; 

10 

We
may not be able to obtain additional equity or debt financing on terms acceptable to us or at all, and any such financing could result
in dilution to our stockholders, impact our ability to service our debt within the scheduled repayment terms and include covenants or
other restrictions that would impede our ability to manage our operations; 

We
may have failed to, or be unable to, discover liabilities of the acquired companies during the course of performing our due diligence;
and 

We
may be required to record additional goodwill as a result of an acquisition, which will reduce our tangible net worth. 

Any of these risks could prevent
us from executing on any acquisition we might complete, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects. At this time, we are not considering any acquisition. 

Our contracts may require us to perform
extra or change order work, which can result in disputes and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects. 

Our contracts generally require
us to perform extra or change order work as directed by the customer, even if the customer has not agreed in advance on the scope or price
of the extra work to be performed. This process may result in disputes over whether the work performed is beyond the scope of the work
included in the original project plans and specifications or, if the customer agrees that the work performed qualifies as extra work,
the price that the customer is willing to pay for the extra work. Even when the customer agrees to pay for the extra work, we may be required
to fund the cost of such work for a lengthy period of time until the change order is approved by the customer and we are paid by the customer. 

To the extent that actual
recoveries with respect to change orders or amounts subject to contract disputes or claims are less than the estimates used in our financial
statements, the amount of any shortfall will reduce our future revenues and profits, and this could adversely affect our reported working
capital and results of operations. In addition, any delay caused by the extra work may adversely impact the timely scheduling of other
project work and our ability to meet specified contract milestone dates. 

We derive a significant portion of our revenue
from a few customers and the loss of one of these customers, or a reduction in their demand for our services, could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Our customer base is highly
concentrated. Due to the size and nature of our contracts, one or a few customers have during any given year, as well as over a period
of consecutive years, represented a substantial portion of our consolidated revenues and gross profits, see Note 2, Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies for further detail. Revenues under our contracts with significant customers may continue to vary from period to period
depending on the timing or volume of work that those customers contract from us. A limited number of customers may continue to comprise
a substantial portion of our revenue for the foreseeable future. 

11 

A default or delay in payment
on a significant scale could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We could lose business
from a significant customer for a variety of reasons, including: 

the
consolidation, merger or acquisition of an existing customer, resulting in a change in procurement strategies employed by the surviving
entity that could reduce the amount of work we receive; 

our
performance on individual contracts or relationships with one or more significant customers could become impaired due to another reason,
which may cause us to lose future business with such customers and, as a result, our ability to generate income would be adversely impacted; 

key
customers could slow or stop spending on initiatives related to projects we are performing for them due to increased difficulty in the
markets as a result of economic downturns or other reasons. 

Since many of our customer
contracts allow our customers to terminate the contract without cause, our customers may terminate their contracts with us at will, which
could impair our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Our failure to adequately expand our direct
sales force will impede our growth. 

We will need to expand and
optimize our sales infrastructure in order to grow our customer base and our business. We plan to expand our account management/sales
force when and if we have sufficient capital to do so. Identifying and recruiting qualified personnel and training them requires significant
time, expense and attention. If we are unable to hire, develop and retain talented account management/sales personnel or if the personnel
are unable to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time, we may not be able to realize the intended benefits
of this investment or increase our revenue. 

If we are unable to attract and retain qualified
executive officers and managers and consultants, we will be unable to operate efficiently, which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We depend on the continued
efforts and abilities of our management and consultants, to establish and maintain our customer relationships and identify strategic opportunities.
The loss of any one of them could negatively affect our ability to execute our business strategy and adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects. Competition for managerial talent with significant industry experience is high, and we
may lose access to executive officers/consultants for a variety of reasons, including more attractive compensation packages offered by
our competitors. Although we have entered into employment agreements with certain of our senior level management, we cannot guarantee
that any of them or other key management/consulting personnel will remain employed by us for any length of time. 

Fines, judgments and other consequences
resulting from our failure to comply with regulations or adverse outcomes in litigation proceedings could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

From time to time, we may
be involved in lawsuits and regulatory actions, including class action lawsuits that are brought or threatened against us in the ordinary
course of business. These actions may seek, among other things, compensation for alleged personal injury, workers compensation,
violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act and state wage and hour laws, employment discrimination, breach of contract, property damage,
punitive damages, civil penalties, and consequential damages or other losses, or injunctive or declaratory relief. 

Please refer to Item 3. Legal
Proceedings of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a detailed description of the pending legal actions and investigations. 

12 

Any defects or errors, or
failures to meet our customers expectations could result in large damage claims against us. Claimants may seek large damage awards
and, due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings. Any failure
to properly estimate or manage cost, or delay in the completion of projects, could subject us to penalties. 

The ultimate resolution of
these matters through settlement, mediation or court judgment could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. Regardless of the outcome of any litigation, these proceedings could result in substantial cost and may
require us to devote substantial resources to defend ourselves. When appropriate, we establish reserves for litigation and claims that
we believe to be adequate in light of current information, legal advice and professional indemnity insurance coverage, and we adjust such
reserves from time to time according to developments. If our reserves are inadequate or insurance coverage proves to be inadequate or
unavailable, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may suffer. 

If we are required to reclassify independent
contractors as employees, we may incur additional costs and taxes which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects. 

We use a significant number
of independent contractors in our operations for whom we do not pay or withhold any federal or state employment tax. There are a number
of different tests used in determining whether an individual is an employee or an independent contractor and such tests generally take
into account multiple factors. There can be no assurance that legislative, judicial or regulatory (including tax) authorities will not
introduce proposals or assert interpretations of existing rules and regulations that would change, or at least challenge, the classification
of our independent contractors. Although we believe we have properly classified our independent contractors, the U.S. Internal Revenue
Service or other U.S. federal or state authorities or similar authorities of a foreign government may determine that we have misclassified
our independent contractors for employment tax or other purposes and, as a result, seek additional taxes from us or attempt to impose
fines and penalties. If we are required to pay employer taxes or pay backup withholding with respect to prior periods with respect to
or on behalf of our independent contractors, our operating costs will increase, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects. 

Our dependence on subcontractors and suppliers
could increase our cost and impair our ability to complete contracts on a timely basis or at all. 

We rely on third-party subcontractors
to perform some of the work on our contracts. We also rely on third-party suppliers to provide materials needed to perform our obligations
under those contracts. We generally do not bid on contracts unless we have the necessary subcontractors and suppliers committed for the
anticipated scope of the contract and at prices that we have included in our bid. Therefore, to the extent that we cannot engage subcontractors
or suppliers, our ability to bid for contracts may be impaired. In addition, if a subcontractor or third-party supplier is unable to deliver
its goods or services according to the negotiated terms for any reason, we may suffer delays and be required to purchase the services
from another source at a higher price. We sometimes pay our subcontractors and suppliers before our customers pay us for the related services.
If customers fail to pay us and we choose, or are required, to pay our subcontractors for work performed or pay our suppliers for goods
received, we could suffer an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Our insurance coverage may be inadequate
to cover all significant risk exposures. 

We will be exposed to liabilities
that are unique to the services we provide. While we intend to maintain insurance for certain risks, the amount of our insurance coverage
may not be adequate to cover all claims or liabilities, and we may be forced to bear substantial costs resulting from risks and uncertainties
of our business. It is also not possible to obtain insurance to protect against all operational risks and liabilities. The failure to
obtain adequate insurance coverage on terms favorable to us, or at all, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects. 

13 

Risks Related to Our Industry 

Our industry is highly competitive, with
a variety of larger companies with greater resources competing with us, and our failure to compete effectively could reduce the number
of new contracts awarded to us or adversely affect our market share and harm our financial performance. 

The contracts on which we
bid are generally awarded through a competitive bid process, with awards generally being made to the lowest bidder, but sometimes based
on other factors, such as shorter contract schedules, larger scale to complete projects or prior experience with the customer. Within
our markets, we compete with many other service providers. Price is often the principal factor in determining which service provider is
selected by our customers, especially on smaller, less complex projects. As a result, any organization with adequate financial resources
and access to technical expertise may become a competitor. Smaller competitors are sometimes able to win bids for these projects based
on price alone because of their lower costs and financial return requirements. Additionally, our competitors may develop the expertise,
experience and resources to provide services that are equal or superior in price to our services, and we may not be able to maintain or
enhance our competitive position. 

Some of our competitors have
already achieved greater market penetration than we have in the markets in which we compete, and some have greater financial and other
resources than we do. A number of national companies in our industry are larger than we are and, if they so desire, could establish a
presence in our markets and compete with us for contracts. As a result of this competition, we may need to accept lower contract margins
in order to compete against competitors that have the ability to accept awards at lower prices or have a pre-existing relationship with
a customer. If we are unable to compete successfully in our markets, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects
could be adversely affected. 

Many of the customers we serve are subject
to consolidation and rapid technological and regulatory change, and our inability or failure to adjust to our customers changing
needs could reduce demand for our services. 

We derive, and anticipate
that we will continue to derive, a substantial portion of our revenue from customers in the medical industry. This industry is subject
to rapid changes in technology and governmental regulation. Changes in technology may reduce the demand for the services we provide. Additionally,
the medical industry has been characterized by a high level of consolidation that may result in the loss of one or more of our customers.
Our failure to rapidly adopt and master new technologies as they are developed in any of the industries we serve or the consolidation
of one or more of our significant customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Further, our customers are
regulated by the Department of Health and Human Services and other regulators. These regulators may interpret the application of their
regulations in a manner that is different than the way such regulations are currently interpreted and may impose additional regulations,
either of which could reduce demand for our services and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Economic downturns could cause capital expenditures
in the industries we serve to decrease, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

The demand for our services
has been and may be vulnerable to general downturns in the United States economy. Our customers are affected by economic changes that
decrease the need for or the profitability of their services. This can result in a decrease in the demand for our services and potentially
result in the delay or cancellation of projects by our customers. As a result, some of our customers may opt to defer or cancel pending
projects. A downturn in overall economic conditions also affects the priorities placed on various projects funded by governmental entities
and federal, state and local spending levels. 

14 

In general, economic uncertainty
makes it difficult to estimate our customers requirements for our services. Subject to receipt of sufficient funding, which we
currently do not have, we plan to expand our sales force to enable us to grow our revenues. If economic factors in any of the regions
in which we plan to expand are not favorable to the growth and development of the medical industry, we may not be able to carry out our
growth strategy, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Other Risks Relating to Our Company and Results
of Operations 

Our operating results may fluctuate due
to factors that are difficult to forecast and not within our control. 

Our past operating results
may not be accurate indicators of future performance, and you should not rely on such results to predict our future performance. 

Our operating results have
fluctuated and could fluctuate in the future. Factors that may contribute to fluctuations include: 

our
ability to effectively manage our working capital; 

our
ability to satisfy customer demands in a timely and cost-effective manner; and 

pricing
and availability of labor. 

Actual results could differ from the estimates
and assumptions that we use to prepare our financial statements. 

To prepare financial statements
in conformity with GAAP, management is required to make estimates and assumptions as of the date of the financial statements that affect
the reported values of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. Areas requiring
significant estimates by our management include: 

contract
costs and profits and revenue recognition of contract change order claims; 

provisions for uncollectible receivables and customer claims; 

recoveries of costs from subcontractors, suppliers and others; 

valuation
of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with business combinations; 

accruals
for estimated liabilities, including litigation and insurance reserves; and 

goodwill
and intangible asset impairment assessment. 

At the time the estimates
and assumptions are made, we believe they are accurate based on the information available. However, our actual results could differ from,
and could require adjustments to, those estimates. 

We exercise judgment in determining our
provision for taxes in the United States that are subject to tax authority audit review that could result in additional tax liability
and potential penalties that would negatively affect our net income. 

The amounts we record in intercompany
transactions for services, licenses, funding and other items affects our potential tax liabilities. Our tax filings are subject to review
or audit by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and state, local and foreign taxing authorities. We exercise judgment in determining our
worldwide provision for income and other taxes and, in the ordinary course of our business, there may be transactions and calculations
where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Examinations of our tax returns could result in significant proposed adjustments and
assessment of additional taxes that could adversely affect our tax provision and net income in the period or periods for which that determination
is made. 

15 

Risks Related to our Common Stock 

We may not be able to maintain the minimum
 1.00 bid price per share of our Common Stock, as required by the Nasdaq Stock Market, which could force us to implement a reverse stock
split of our Common Stock. 

On
June 8, 2022, Nasdaq notified the Company that based upon the Company s closing bid price for the last 30 consecutive business
days (April 26, 2022 through June 7, 2022), the Company no longer meets the listed securities requirement to maintain minimum bid
price of 1 per share pursuant to Nasdaq Rules 5550(a)(2) and 5810(c)(3)(A). 

On
December 6, 2022, the Company received written notification from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq, granting the Company s
request for a 180-day extension to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule. The Company now has until June 5, 2023 to meet the requirement.
If at any time prior to June 5, 2023, the bid price of the Company s ordinary shares closes at 1.00 per share or more for a minimum of
10 consecutive business days, the Company will regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule. 

Under
the Nasdaq Rules, if at any time during this second extension 180 day period the closing bid price of the Company s securities is
at least 1 for a minimum of ten consecutive business days, Nasdaq will provide written confirmation of compliance and the matter would
be closed. If we do not regain compliance by the end of the second extension period, we could,
subject to shareholder approval, implement a reverse stock split so as to increase the price per share of our common stock on a post-split
adjusted basis. In such a case, there is a risk that the price of our common stock could decline on a split-adjusted basis. For example,
if our common stock were trading at .80 per share and we implemented a 5/1 reverse stock split, there is a risk that our common stock
could trade below 4.00 per share on a split-adjusted basis. 

Our common stock price has fluctuated substantially,
and the trading price of our common stock is likely to continue to be volatile, which could result in losses to investors and litigation. 

In addition to changes to
market prices based on our results of operations and the factors discussed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, the market
price of and trading volume for our common stock may change for a variety of other reasons, not necessarily related to our actual operating
performance. The capital markets have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular
companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. In addition, the average daily
trading volume of the securities of small companies can be very low, which may contribute to future volatility. Recently, the average
daily trading volume of our common stock has decreased. Factors that could cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly
include: 

the
results of operating and financial performance and prospects of other companies in our industry; 

strategic
actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; 

announcements
of innovations, increased service capabilities, new or terminated customers or new, amended or terminated contracts by our competitors; 

the
public s reaction to our press releases, media coverage and other public announcements, and filings with the SEC; 

market
conditions for providers of services to the medical industry; 

lack
of securities analyst coverage or speculation in the press or investment community about us or opportunities in the markets in which
we compete; 

16 

changes
in government policies in the United States; 

changes
in earnings estimates or recommendations by any securities or research analysts who track our common stock or failure of our actual results
of operations to meet any such expectations; 

dilution
caused by the conversion into common stock of convertible securities or by the exercise of outstanding warrants or options; 

market
and industry perception of our success, or lack thereof, in pursuing our growth strategy; 

changes
in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 

any
lawsuit involving us, our services or our products; 

arrival
and departure of key personnel; 

government
investigations of our business activities; 

sales
of common stock by us, our investors or members of our management team; and 

changes
in general market, economic and political conditions in the United States and global economies or financial markets, including those
resulting from natural or man-made disasters. 

Any of these factors, as well
as broader market and industry factors, may result in large and sudden changes in the trading volume of our common stock and could seriously
harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. This may prevent stockholders from being able to sell
their shares at or above the price they paid for shares of our common stock, if at all. In addition, following periods of volatility in
the market price of a company s securities, stockholders often institute securities class action litigation against that company.
Our involvement in any class action suit or other legal proceeding could divert our senior management s attention and could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

The sale or availability for sale of substantial
amounts of our common stock could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Sales of substantial amounts
of shares of our common stock, or the perception that these sales could occur, would likely adversely affect the market price of our common
stock and could impair our future ability to raise capital through common stock offerings. 

As of December 31, 2022, there
were outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,567,720 shares of our common stock at a weighted-average exercise price of 1.35
per share, all of which were exercisable as of such date. As of December 31, 2022, there were outstanding options to purchase an aggregate
of 118,388 shares of our common stock at a weighted-average exercise price of 3.25 per share, all of which were exercisable as of such
date. The market price of our common stock also may be adversely affected by our issuance of shares of our capital stock or convertible
securities in connection with future acquisitions, or in connection with our financing efforts. 

17 

We have never paid cash dividends on our
common stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock. 

We have never paid cash dividends
and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain any earnings
to finance our operations and growth. As a result, any short-term return on your investment will depend on the market price of our common
stock, and only appreciation of the price of our common stock, which may never occur, will provide a return to stockholders. The decision
whether to pay dividends will be made by our board of directors in light of conditions then existing, including, but not limited to, factors
such as our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, business conditions, and covenants under any applicable
contractual arrangements. Investors seeking cash dividends should not invest in our common stock. 

If equity research analysts do not publish
research or reports about our business, or if they issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade our common stock, the market price of our
common stock will likely decline. 

The trading market for our
common stock will rely in part on the research and reports that equity research analysts, over whom we have no control, publish about
us and our business. We may never obtain research coverage by securities and industry analysts. If no securities or industry analysts
commence coverage of our company, the market price for price of our common stock could decline. In the event we obtain securities or industry
analyst coverage, the market analysts issue unfavorable commentary, even if it is inaccurate, or cease publishing reports about us or
our business. 

A failure by us to establish and maintain
effective internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. 

Maintaining effective internal
control over financial reporting is necessary for us to produce accurate and complete financial reports and to help prevent financial
fraud. In addition, such control is required in order to maintain the listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. While
we have undertaken remedial steps to improve our financial reporting process, including the implementation of a firm-wide accounting information
system that collects, stores and processes financial and accounting data on a consolidated basis for use in meeting our reporting obligations,
our internal control over financial reporting has not been effective. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not have effective
controls over financial reporting. Our management has identified material weaknesses in our internal controls related to deficiency in
our ability to have proper segregation of duties. 

If we are unable to maintain
adequate internal controls or fail to correct material weaknesses in such controls noted by our management or our independent registered
public accounting firm, our business and operating results could be adversely affected, we could again fail to meet our obligations to
report our operating results accurately and completely and our continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market could be jeopardized. We
have implemented a policy whereby any external communications need to be reviewed and approved by a member of our Board of Directors,
as well as our outside legal counsel. 

18 

Complying with the laws and regulations
affecting public companies will increase our costs and the demands on management and could harm our operating results. 

As a public company and particularly
after we cease to be an emerging growth company, we will incur significant additional legal, accounting, and other expenses.
In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and rules subsequently implemented by the SEC and the Nasdaq Capital Market impose various requirements
on public companies, including requiring changes in corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial
amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations have increased and will continue to increase our
legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs and have made and will continue to make some activities more time-consuming and costly.
For example, these rules and regulations make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance,
and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or to incur substantial costs to maintain the same or similar coverage.
These rules and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of
directors or board committees or as executive officers. 

If we do not manage our planned growth effectively,
our revenue, business and operating results may be harmed. 

Our future expansion strategy
could include possible acquisitions of other SaaS companies. We may not be able to identify, secure and manage future acquisitions successfully.
The acquisition of any future businesses may require a greater than anticipated investment of operational and financial resources as we
seek to institute uniform standards and controls across acquired businesses. Acquisitions may also result in the diversion of management
and resources, increases in administrative costs, including those relating to the assimilation of new employees, and costs associated
with any financings undertaken in connection with such acquisitions. We cannot assure you that any acquisition we undertake, including
those we have already made, will be successful. Future growth will also place additional demands on our management, sales, and marketing
resources, and may require us to hire and train additional employees. We will need to expand and upgrade our systems and infrastructure
to accommodate our growth, and we may not have the resources to do so in the time frames required. The failure to manage any future growth
effectively will materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may explore acquiring additional companies
and such acquisitions may subject us to additional unknown risks. 

We may make future acquisitions
of SaaS or other companies in markets that we do not serve now. We may not be able to reach agreements with such companies on favorable
terms or at all. In completing acquisitions, we will rely upon the representations and warranties and indemnities made by the sellers
with respect to each acquisition as well as our own due diligence investigation. We cannot assure you that such representations and warranties
will be true and correct or that our due diligence will uncover all materially adverse facts relating to the operations and financial
condition of the acquired companies or their businesses. To the extent that we are required to pay for undisclosed obligations of an acquired
company, or if material misrepresentations exist, we may not realize the expected economic benefit from such acquisition and our ability
to seek legal recourse from the seller may be limited. 

The value of our goodwill and other intangible
assets may decline. 

As of December 31, 2022,
there was goodwill of 8,366,467. We evaluate goodwill at least annually, and will do so more frequently if events or circumstances indicate
that impairment may have occurred. Many of the assumptions and estimates that we make in order to estimate the fair value of our intangible
assets directly impact the results of impairment testing, including an estimate of future expected revenues, earnings and cash flows,
and the discount rates applied to expected cash flows. We are able to influence the outcome and ultimate results based on the assumptions
and estimates we choose for testing. To avoid undue influence, we have set criteria that are followed in making assumptions and estimates.
The determination of whether goodwill or acquired intangible assets have become impaired involves a significant level of judgment in the
assumptions underlying the approach used to determine the value of our reporting unit. Changes in our strategy or market conditions could
significantly impact these judgments and require adjustments to recorded amounts of intangible assets. 

19 

Any future acquisitions may result in potentially
dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of indebtedness and increased amortization expense. 

Any future acquisitions are
likely to result in issuances of equity securities, which will be dilutive to the equity interests of existing stockholders, and may involve
the incurrence of debt, which will require us to maintain cash flows sufficient to make payments of principal and interest, the assumption
of known and unknown liabilities, and the amortization of expenses related to intangible assets, all of which could have an adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may become involved in litigation which
could harm the value of our business. 

Because of the nature of our
business and the exit from lines of business, there is a risk of litigation. Any litigation could cause us to incur substantial expenses
whether or not we prevail, which would reduce the capital available for our operations. 

Please refer to Item 3. Legal
Proceedings of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a detailed description of the pending legal actions and investigations. 

Economic uncertainty impacts our business
and financial results, and a renewed recession could materially affect us in the future. 

Periods of economic slowdown
or recession could lead to a reduction in demand for our software and services, which in turn would reduce our revenues and adversely
affect our results of operations and our financial position. Our business will be dependent upon business discretionary spending and therefore
is affected by business confidence as well as the future performance of the United States and global economies. As a result, our results
of operations are susceptible to economic slowdowns and recessions. 

We depend on the services of key executives
and consultants, and the loss of these persons could materially harm our business and our strategic direction if we were unable to replace
them with persons of equal experience and capabilities. 

Our future success significantly
depends on the continued service and performance of our key management and other personnel. We cannot prevent members of senior management/consultants
from terminating their employment with us even if we have an employment or consulting agreement with them. Losing the services of members
of senior management/consultants could materially harm our business until a suitable replacement is found, and such replacement may not
have equal experience and capabilities. We have not purchased life insurance covering any members of our senior management. 

The markets in which we operate are highly
competitive, rapidly changing and increasingly fragmented, and we may not be able to compete effectively, especially against competitors
with greater financial resources or marketplace presence. 

We face competition from other
SaaS companies. Many of the companies with which we will compete have greater financial and technical resources than are available to
us. Our failure to compete effectively could result in a significant loss of customers, which would adversely affect our operating results. 

We need additional capital to support our
operations and the growth of our business, and we cannot be certain that this capital will be available on reasonable terms when required,
or at all. 

In order for us to grow and
execute our business plan successfully, we require additional financing which may not be available on acceptable terms or at all.
If such financing is available, it may be dilutive to the equity interests of existing stockholders. Failure to obtain financing will
have a material adverse effect on our financial position. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory
to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support the operation or growth of our business could be significantly impaired and
our operating results may be harmed. 

20 

Our common stock may be affected by limited
trading volume and price fluctuations, which could adversely impact the value of our common stock and our ability to grow our business. 

There has been limited trading
in our common stock, and there can be no assurance that an active trading market in our common stock will either develop or be maintained.
Our common stock has experienced, and is likely to experience in the future, significant price and volume fluctuations, which could adversely
affect the market price of our common stock without regard to our operating performance. In addition, we believe that factors such as
quarterly fluctuations in our financial results and changes in the overall economy or the condition of the financial markets could cause
the price of our common stock to fluctuate substantially. These fluctuations may also cause short sellers to enter the market periodically
in the belief that we will have poor results in the future. We cannot predict the actions of market participants and, therefore, can offer
no assurances that the market for our common stock will be stable or that our share price will appreciate over time. 

Our stock price has been volatile . 

The market price of our common
stock has been highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control,
including the following: 

our ability to obtain working capital financing; 

additions or departures of key personnel; 

sales of our common stock; 

our ability to execute our business plan; 

operating results that fall below expectations; 

regulatory developments; and 

economic and other external factors. 

In addition, the securities
markets from time to time experience significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular
companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

21 

Offers or availability for sale of a substantial
number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

The periodic availability
of shares for sale upon the expiration of any statutory holding period or lockup agreements, could create a circumstance commonly referred
to as an overhang , in anticipation of which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence of an overhang,
whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, also could make more difficult our ability to raise additional financing through
the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. 

We may be unable to establish, protect or
enforce our intellectual property rights adequately. 

Our success will depend in
part on our ability to establish, protect and enforce our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. Our inability to protect
our tradenames, service marks and other intellectual property rights from infringement, piracy, counterfeiting or other unauthorized use
could negatively affect our business. If we fail to establish, protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, we may lose an important
advantage in the market in which we compete. Our intellectual property rights may not be sufficient to help us maintain our position in
the market and our competitive advantages. Monitoring unauthorized uses of and enforcing our intellectual property rights can be difficult
and costly. Legal intellectual property actions are inherently uncertain and may not be successful, and may require a substantial resources
and management attention. 

We currently host our solution,
serve our customers, and support our operations in the United States through an agreement with a third party hosting and infrastructure
provider, Rackspace. We incorporate standard IT security measures, including but not limited to; firewalls, disaster recovery, backup,
etc. 

Circumstances outside our
control could pose a threat to our intellectual property rights. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not be available
in the United States or other countries in which we seek protection of our marks or our copyrighted works. Also, the efforts we have taken
to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights may
harm our business or our ability to compete. 

Changes in laws, regulations and other requirements
could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

We are subject to the laws,
regulations and other requirements of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Changes to these laws could have a material adverse impact
on the revenue, profit or the operation of our business. 

Disruptions in our information technology
systems or security breaches of confidential customer information or personal employee information could have an adverse impact on our
operations. 

Our operations are dependent
upon the integrity, security and consistent operation of various information technology systems and data centers that process transactions,
communication systems and various other software applications used throughout our operations. Disruptions in these systems could have
an adverse impact on our operations. We could encounter difficulties in developing new systems or maintaining and upgrading existing systems.
Such difficulties could lead to significant expenses or to losses due to disruption in our business operations. 

22 

In addition, our information
technology systems are subject to the risk of infiltration or data theft. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or
degrade service, or sabotage information technology systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect or prevent over long periods
of time. Moreover, the hardware, software or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture
or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise the security of our information systems. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to
gain access to our systems or facilities through fraud or deception aimed at our employees, contractors or temporary staff. In the event
that the security of our information systems is compromised, confidential information could be misappropriated, and system disruptions
could occur. Any such misappropriation or disruption could cause significant harm to our reputation, lead to a loss of sales or profits
or cause us to incur significant costs to reimburse third parties for damages. 

Our current insurance policies may not provide
adequate levels of coverage against all claims, and we may incur losses that are not covered by our insurance. 

We believe we maintain insurance
coverage that is customary for businesses of our size and type; however, we may be unable to insure against certain types of losses or
claims, or the cost of such insurance may be prohibitive. For example, although we carry insurance for breaches of our computer network
security, there can be no assurance that such insurance will cover all potential losses or claims or that the dollar limits of such insurance
will be sufficient to provide full coverage against all losses or claims. Uninsured losses or claims, if they occur, could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition, business and results of operations. Our insurance policies may also be subject to substantial
deductibles/retentions. 

We may be required to pay for the defense
of our clients, officers, or directors in accordance with certain indemnification provisions. 

Our company provides indemnification
of varying scope to certain customers against claims of intellectual property infringement made by third parties arising from the use
of our services. In accordance with authoritative guidance for accounting for guarantees, we evaluate estimated losses for such indemnification.
Management considers such factors as the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate
of the amount of loss. To date, no such claims have been filed against our company and, as a result, no liability has been recorded in
our financial statements. 

As permitted under Delaware
law, our company has agreements whereby we indemnify our officers and directors for certain events or occurrences while the officer or
director is, or was, serving at our company s request in such capacity. The maximum potential amount of future payments we could
be required to make under these indemnification agreements is unlimited; however, we have directors and officers liability
insurance coverage that is intended to reduce our financial exposure and may enable us to recover a portion of any such payments. 

Please refer to Item 3. Legal
Proceedings of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a detailed description of the various actions and investigations for which we are obligated
to indemnify our officers and directors. 

23 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

The Company does not own any real property. The principal executive
offices are located at an office complex in New York, New York, consisting of shared office space that we are leasing. The lease had an
original one-year term that commenced on December 1, 2015, which was renewed until November 30, 2018 and now is under a month-to-month
lease agreement. The lease allows for the limited use of private offices, conference rooms, mail handling, videoconferencing, and certain
other business services. 

We believe that our facilities
are adequate for our current needs. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

In conducting our business,
we may become involved in legal proceedings. We will accrue a liability for such matters when it is probable that a liability has been
incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. When only a range of possible loss can be established, the most probable amount in
the range is accrued. If no amount within this range is a better estimate than any other amount within the range, the minimum amount in
the range is accrued. The accrual for a litigation loss contingency might include, for example, estimates of potential damages, outside
legal fees and other directly related costs expected to be incurred. 

Settlement of Consolidated
Securities Class Action 

As previously disclosed,
on April 29, 2020, a securities class action case was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
against us and our former CEO. The action is captioned Daniel Yannes, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated vs.
SCWorx Corp. and Marc S. Schessel. Subsequently, two additional class actions were filed in the same court (Leeburn v. SCWorx, et ano.
and Leonard v. SCWorx et ano.) and thereafter, the three class actions were consolidated (the Consolidated Class Action ).
The Consolidated Class Action alleged that our company and our former CEO misled investors in connection with our April 13, 2020 press
release with respect to the sale of COVID-19 rapid test kits. 

As previously disclosed,
on February 11, 2022, the parties entered into a Stipulation of Settlement (subject to Court approval) to settle the Consolidated Class
Action. The settlement resolves all claims asserted against SCWorx and the other named defendant without any admission, concession or
finding of any fault, liability or wrongdoing by the Company or any defendant. Under the terms of this agreement, (i) the insurers for
the Company and Marc Schessel (former CEO) will make a cash payment to the class plaintiffs (ii) the former CEO will transfer 100,000
shares of company common stock to the class plaintiffs, and (iii) the Company will issue 600,000 worth of common stock to the class plaintiffs,
in exchange for which all parties will be released from all claims related to the securities class action litigation. After giving effect
to the share issuance by the Company, the Company believes that it will have satisfied the accrued retention liability of 700,000. By
order dated March 22, 2022, the Court granted preliminary approval of the class action. After a fairness hearing held on June 29, 2022,
the Court approved the Stipulation of Settlement. 

CorProminence d/b/a Core IR v. SCWorx 

AAA Arbitration Case 01-22-0001-5709 

As previously disclosed, on April 25, 2022, the
Company received a Demand for Arbitration along with a Statement of Claim filed by Core IR with the American Arbitration Association seeking
damages in the amount of approximately 190,000.00 arising out of a marketing and consulting agreement. The Company filed its answer,
affirmative defenses and counterclaims on May 16, 2022. By order of the arbitrator dated November 1, 2022, Core IR received permission
to amend its Statement of Claim to increase its request for damages to 257,545.63. The arbitration hearing commences on March 20, 2023
and will continue through March 24, 2023. 

24 

Hadrian Equities Partners, LLC et ano. v. SCWorx Corp, 

Case No. 22-cv-07096 (JLR) (S.D.N.Y) 

On August 19, 2022, Hadrian Equities Partners,
LLC and the Phillip W. Caprio, Jr. 2007 Irrevocable Trust filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York alleging that SCWorx was dilatory and did not comply with its alleged contractual duties to remove the restrictions from Plaintiffs 
converted AMMA stock to SCWorx stock until August 10 and August 11, 2020. Plaintiffs allege that as a result, they were unable to sell
their SCWorx stock when SCWorx was trading at its highest price on April 13, 2020. The Complaint seeks 500,000 in damages. To date, the
Complaint has not been served. Upon review of the Complaint, SCWorx counsel provided Plaintiffs counsel with a safe harbor 
Notice of Motion for sanctions pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. Pro. 11 and letter explaining that the material allegations in the Complaint are
false inasmuch as the restrictions on Plaintiffs SCWorx shares were removed on April 21, 2020 after months of waiting for
Plaintiffs to supply the correct documents with accurate information so that outside counsel could provide an opinion and clear the stocks
for trading. The safe harbor letter and Notice of Motion gave Plaintiffs 21 days to withdraw the Complaint. After asking
for and receiving several extensions in addition to the 21 days, Plaintiffs have not withdrawn the Complaint and thus, a Motion for Sanctions
was filed by SCWorx on November 4, 2022. After the motion for sanctions was filed, Plaintiffs filed an Amended Complaint on November 28,
2022. On February 6, 2023, SCWorx filed its answer to the Amended Complaint interposing numerous defenses. SCWorx is awaiting a decision
from the Court on its Motion for Sanctions. 

Other Investigations 

As previously disclosed, on or about April 6,
2022, the Company reached a settlement in principle with the SEC Staff which, subject to a few changes, was subsequently approved by the
Commission in which the Company agreed to resolve the SEC s investigation regarding the April 13, 2020 press release and related
disclosures (related to Covid-19 rapid test kits) through the Company s payment of (a) a civil monetary penalty of 125,000, payable
in 4 equal installments over 12 months and (b) disgorgement of 471,000 and prejudgment interest in the amount of 32,761.56 which payment
is to be deemed satisfied by the transfer by the Company, no later than 30 days after the entry of the Class Distribution Order in the
class action entitled Yannes v. SCWorx Corp. of shares of SCWorx s common stock, valued at 600,000 at the time of issuance to authorized
claimants in the Yannes settlement, provided that the Class Distribution Order is entered within 365 days from the entry of the Final
Judgment in the SEC action. In the event that the Company does not transfer shares of its common stock, valued at 600,000 at the time
of issuance to authorized claimants in the class action settlement within 365 days from the entry of a Final Judgment, the Company will
be required to remit to the SEC the full amount of disgorgement within 395 days from entry of a Final Judgment. On May 31, 2022, the Commission
filed a complaint against Marc Schessel and the Company in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey alleging violations
of Sections 17(a)(1), 17(a)(2), and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act ), Section 10(b) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), and Rules 10b-5(a), 10b-5(b), and 10b-5(c) thereunder relating to the April 13,
2020 press release and related disclosures we made in relation to the transaction involving COVID-19 test kits. At the same time, on May
31, 2022, the Commission filed a motion for approval of the Consent Judgment which contained the aforementioned fine, disgorgement requirement
as well as an agreement by the Company to an injunction permanently restraining and enjoining the Company from violating Section 10(b)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act [15 U.S.C. 78j(b)] and Rules 10b-5(a), (b), and (c) thereunder
[17 C.F.R 240.10b .. 5(a), (b), (c)]; and Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 Securities Act [15
U.S.C. 77q(a)]. On June 2, 2022, the Court granted the motion, approved the settlement and entered a final judgment. SCWorx has
thus far paid 3 of 4 installments on the monetary penalty of 125,000. 

In connection with these actions and investigations,
the Company is obligated to indemnify its officers and directors for costs incurred in defending against these claims and investigations.
Because the Company currently does not have the resources to pay for these costs, its directors and officers liability insurance carrier
has agreed to indemnify these persons. Upon consummation of the settlement of the Consolidated Class Action, the Company believes it will
have satisfied its accrued retention obligations with respect to the insurance coverage. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

25 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information for Common Stock 

Our common stock was listed
on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol AMMA from October 6, 2016 through February 3, 2019. Our symbol was changed
to WORX on February 4, 2019 in connection with the closing of the SCWorx acquisition. The following table sets forth for
the indicated periods the high and low closing prices for SCWorx s common stock as reported on the NASDAQ Capital Market. 

2022 
 2021 

High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 1.38 
 0.70 
 3.08 
 1.28 
 
 Second Quarter 
 1.13 
 0.65 
 2.49 
 1.28 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.86 
 0.60 
 5.00 
 1.45 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.73 
 0.38 
 2.28 
 1.16 

Holders of Record 

As of March 20, 2023, there
were 13,010,409 outstanding shares of common stock held by 86 stockholders of record. 

Dividends 

We have never declared or
paid any cash dividends on our shares of common stock, and we do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate
that we will retain any earnings to support operations and to finance the growth and development of our business. Any future determination
relating to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on a number of factors, including
future earnings, capital requirements, financial conditions and future prospects and other factors the Board of Directors may deem relevant.
Furthermore, our ability to pay dividends is limited by the Delaware General Corporation Law, which provides that a corporation may pay
dividends only out of existing surplus, which is defined as the amount by which a corporation s net assets exceeds
its stated capital. 

Refer to Note 8, Stockholders 
Equity, in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, for a non cash dividend related to the decrease in the exercise price
of certain warrants. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

26 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

This Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations includes a number of forward-looking statements that reflect
Management s current views with respect to future events and financial performance. You can identify these statements by forward-looking
words such as may will, expect, anticipate, believe, estimate 
and continue, or similar words. Those statements include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations
of us and members of our management team as well as the assumptions on which such statements are based. Prospective investors are cautioned
that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risk and uncertainties, and that actual
results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. 

Readers are urged to carefully
review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report and in our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. Important factors known to us could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements. We
undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated
events or changes in the future operating results over time. We believe that its assumptions are based upon reasonable data derived from
and known about our business and operations and the business and operations of our company. No assurances are made that actual results
of operations or the results of our future activities will not differ materially from its assumptions. Factors that could cause differences
include, but are not limited to, expected market demand for our services, fluctuations in pricing for materials, and competition. 

Our Business 

SCWorx is a provider of data
content and services related to the repair, normalization and interoperability of information for healthcare providers and big data analytics
for the healthcare industry. 

SCWorx has developed and markets
health information technology solutions and associated services that improve healthcare processes and information flow within hospitals.
SCWorx s software platform enables healthcare providers to simplify, repair, and organize its data data normalization ),
allows the data to be utilized across multiple internal software applications interoperability and provides the basis
for sophisticated data analytics big data ). SCWorx s solutions are designed to improve the flow of information quickly
and accurately between the existing supply chain, electronic medical records, clinical systems, and patient billing functions. The software
is designed to achieve multiple operational benefits such as supply chain cost reductions, decreased accounts receivables aging, accelerated
and more accurate billing, contract optimization, increased supply chain management and cost visibility, synchronous Charge Description
Master CDM and control of vendor rebates and contract administration fees. 

SCWorx empowers healthcare
providers to maintain comprehensive access and visibility to an advanced business intelligence that enables better decision-making and
reductions in product costs and utilization, ultimately leading to accelerated and accurate patient billing. SCWorx s software modules
perform separate functions as follows: 

virtualized
Item Master File repair, expansion and automation; 

CDM
management; 

contract
management; 

request
for proposal automation; 

rebate
management; 

big
data analytics modeling; and 

data
integration and warehousing. 

SCWorx continues to provide
transformational data-driven solutions to many healthcare providers in the United States. The Company s clients are geographically
dispersed throughout the country. The Company s focus is to assist healthcare providers with issues that they have pertaining to
data interoperability. SCWorx provides these solutions through a combination of direct sales and relationships with strategic partners. 

27 

SCWorx s software solutions
are delivered to its clients within a fixed term period, typically a three-to-five-year contracted term, where such software is hosted
in SCWorx data centers (Amazon Web Service s AWS or RackSpace) and accessed by such clients through a secure connection
in a software as a service SaaS delivery method. 

SCWorx currently sells its
solutions and services in the United States to hospitals and health systems through its direct sales force and its distribution and reseller
partnerships. 

We currently host our solutions,
serve our customers, and support our operations in the United States through an agreement with a third party hosting and infrastructure
provider, RackSpace. We incorporate standard IT security measures, including but not limited to; firewalls, disaster recovery, backup,
etc. Our operations are dependent upon the integrity, security and consistent operation of various information technology systems and
data centers that process transactions, communication systems and various other software applications used throughout our operations.
Disruptions in these systems could have an adverse impact on our operations. We could encounter difficulties in developing new systems
or maintaining and upgrading existing systems. Such difficulties could lead to significant expenses or to losses due to disruption in
our business operations. 

In addition, our information
technology systems are subject to the risk of infiltration or data theft. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or
degrade service, or sabotage information technology systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect or prevent over long periods
of time. Moreover, the hardware, software or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture
or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise the security of our information systems. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to
gain access to our systems or facilities through fraud or deception aimed at our employees, contractors or temporary staff. In the event
that the security of our information systems is compromised, confidential information could be misappropriated, and system disruptions
could occur. Any such misappropriation or disruption could cause significant harm to our reputation, lead to a loss of sales or profits
or cause us to incur significant costs to reimburse third parties for damages. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Management s discussion
and analysis of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements. These
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP in the United States which requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. By their nature, these estimates and judgments are subject
to an inherent degree of uncertainty. We evaluate our estimates based on our historical experience and various other assumptions that
are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates relate to revenue recognition, the assessment of recoverability
of goodwill and intangible assets, the assessment of useful lives and the recoverability of property, plant and equipment, the valuation
and recognition of stock-based compensation expense, recognition and measurement of deferred income tax assets and liabilities, the assessment
of unrecognized tax benefits, and others. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and material effects on our consolidated operating
results and consolidated financial position may result. Refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements, for a full description of our accounting policies. 

Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance to U.S. GAAP and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of SCWorx and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Principles of Consolidation 

The accompanying consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All material intercompany balances and transactions
have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Cash 

Cash is maintained with various
financial institutions. Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash
deposits. Accounts at each institution are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to 250,000. 

28 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

Management applies fair value
accounting for significant financial assets and liabilities and non-financial assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed
at fair value in the consolidated financial statements on a recurring basis. Management defines fair value as the price that would be
received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities, which are required to be recorded at fair value, management
considers the principal or most advantageous market in which we would transact and the market-based risk measurements or assumptions that
market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, such as risks inherent in valuation techniques, transfer restrictions
and credit risk. Fair value is estimated by applying the following hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value
into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to
the fair value measurement: Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 - Observable inputs
other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities
in inactive markets, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term
of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 - Inputs that are generally unobservable and typically reflect management s estimate of assumptions
that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 

Concentration of Credit and Other Risks 

Financial instruments that
potentially subject our company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash, accounts receivable and warrants.
We believe that any concentration of credit risk in its accounts receivable is substantially mitigated by our evaluation process, relatively
short collection terms and the high level of credit worthiness of its customers. We perform ongoing internal credit evaluations of its
customers financial condition, obtain deposits and limit the amount of credit extended when deemed necessary but generally require
no collateral. 

Significant customers are
those which represent more than 10 of the Company s revenue for each period presented, or the Company s accounts receivable
balance as of each respective balance sheet date. For each significant customer, revenue as a percentage of total revenue and accounts
receivable as a percentage of total net accounts receivable are as follows: 

Revenue 

For the years ended 
 Accounts Receivable 

December 31, 
 December 31, 
 
 Customers 
 2022 
 2021 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Customer A 
 12 
 7 
 12 
 4 
 
 Customer B 
 10 
 9 
 10 
 7 
 
 Customer C 
 14 
 5 
 15 
 16 
 
 Customer D 
 5 
 4 
 30 
 - 
 
 Customer E 
 2 
 4 
 - 
 17 
 
 Customer F 
 3 
 3 
 3 
 14 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

Our company continually monitors
customer payments and maintains a reserve for estimated losses resulting from our customers inability to make required payments.
In determining the reserve, we evaluate the collectability of our accounts receivable based upon a variety of factors. In cases where
we become aware of circumstances that may impair a specific customer s ability to meet its financial obligations, we record a specific
allowance against amounts due. For all other customers, we recognize allowances for doubtful accounts based on our historical write-off
experience in conjunction with the length of time the receivables are past due, customer creditworthiness, geographic risk and the current
business environment. Actual future losses from uncollectible accounts may differ from our estimates. The Company recorded an allowance
for doubtful accounts as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 of 0 and 421,736, respectively. 

29 

Leases 

We determine if an arrangement
is a lease at inception. The current portion of lease obligations are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the consolidated
balance sheets. Right-of-use ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term, and lease liabilities
represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement
date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our
incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments.
Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease, which are included in the lease ROU asset when it is reasonably
certain that we will exercise that option. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
We have lease agreements with lease components only, none with non-lease components, which are generally accounted for separately. 

Business Combinations 

Our company includes the results
of operations of a business we acquire in our consolidated results as of the date of acquisition. We allocate the fair value of the purchase
consideration of our acquisition to the tangible assets, liabilities and intangible assets acquired, based on their estimated fair values.
The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as
goodwill. The primary items that generate goodwill include the value of the synergies between the acquired businesses and our company.
Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. The fair value of contingent consideration (earn out) associated with
acquisitions is remeasured each reporting period and adjusted accordingly. Acquisition and integration related costs are recognized separately
from the business combination and are expensed as incurred. For additional information regarding our acquisitions, refer to Note 4, Business
Combinations. 

Goodwill and Identified Intangible Assets 

Goodwill 

Goodwill is recorded as the
difference between the aggregate consideration paid for an acquisition and the fair value of the net tangible and identified intangible
assets acquired under a business combination. Goodwill also includes acquired assembled workforce, which does not qualify as an identifiable
intangible asset. Management reviews impairment of goodwill annually in the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or circumstances
indicate that the goodwill might be impaired. We first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the
quantitative goodwill impairment test. If, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, we determine that it is not more likely
than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the quantitative goodwill impairment test is unnecessary. 

For further discussion of
goodwill, refer to Note 4, Business Combinations. 

Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment are
recorded at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the related assets 
estimated useful lives. Equipment, furniture and fixtures are being amortized over a period of three years. 

Expenditures that materially
increase asset life are capitalized, while ordinary maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. 

30 

Revenue Recognition 

We recognize revenue in accordance
with Topic 606 to depict the transfer of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects
to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements within the scope of Topic 606
we perform the following steps: 

Step
1: Identify the contract(s) with a customer 

Step
2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract 

Step
3: Determine the transaction price 

Step
4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract 

Step 5: Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation 

We follow the accounting revenue
guidance under Topic 606 to determine whether contracts contain more than one performance obligation. Performance obligations
are the unit of accounting for revenue recognition and generally represent the distinct goods or services that are promised to the customer. 

Management has identified
the following performance obligations in our contracts with customers: 

1. Data
Normalization: which includes data preparation, product and vendor mapping, product categorization, data enrichment and other data related
services, 

2. Software-as-a-service SaaS ): which is generated from clients access of and usage of our hosted software solutions on a subscription basis
for a specified contract term, which is usually annually. In SaaS arrangements, the client cannot take possession of the software during
the term of the contract and generally has the right to access and use the software and receive any software upgrades published during
the subscription period, 

3. Maintenance:
which includes ongoing data cleansing and normalization, content enrichment, and optimization, and 

4. Professional
Services: mainly related to specific customer projects to manage and/or analyze data and review for cost reduction opportunities. 

A contract will typically
include Data Normalization, SaaS and Maintenance, which are distinct performance obligations and are accounted for separately. The transaction
price is allocated to each separate performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. Significant judgement is required
to determine the stand-alone selling price for each distinct performance obligation and is typically estimated based on observable transactions
when these services are sold on a stand-alone basis. At contract inception, an assessment of the goods and services promised in the contracts
with customers is performed and a performance obligation is identified for each distinct promise to transfer to the customer
a good or service (or bundle of goods or services). To identify the performance obligations, management considers all the goods or
services promised in the contract regardless of whether they are explicitly stated or are implied by customary business practices. Revenue
is recognized when the performance obligation has been met. We consider control to have transferred upon delivery because we have
a present right to payment at that time, we have transferred use of the good or service, and the customer is able to direct the use of,
and obtain substantially all the remaining benefits from, the good or service. 

Our SaaS and Maintenance contracts
typically have termination for convenience without penalty clauses and accordingly, are generally accounted for as month-to-month agreements.
If it is determined that we have not satisfied a performance obligation, revenue recognition will be deferred until the performance obligation
is deemed to be satisfied. 

31 

Revenue recognition for our
performance obligations are as follows: 

Data Normalization and Professional Services 

Our Data Normalization and
Professional Services are typically fixed fee. When these services are not combined with SaaS or Maintenance revenues as a single unit
of accounting, these revenues are recognized as the services are rendered and when contractual milestones are achieved and accepted by
the customer. 

SaaS and Maintenance 

SaaS and Maintenance revenues
are recognized ratably over the contract terms beginning on the commencement date of each contract, which is the date on which our service
is made available to customers. 

Some contracts have payment terms that differ from the timing of revenue
recognition, which requires us to assess whether the transaction price for those contracts include a significant financing component.
We have elected the practical expedient that permits an entity to not adjust for the effects of a significant financing component if it
expects that at the contract inception, the period between when the entity transfers a promised good or service to a customer and when
the customer pays for that good or service will be one year or less. We do not maintain contracts in which the period between when the
entity transfers a promised good or service to a customer and when the customer pays for that good or service exceeds the one-year threshold. 

As of December 31, 2021, we
had 579,833 of remaining performance obligations recorded as deferred revenue. We expect to recognize sales relating to these existing
performance obligations of during 2023. 

Costs to Fulfill a Contract 

Costs to fulfill a contract
typically include costs related to satisfying performance obligations as well as general and administrative costs that are not explicitly
chargeable to customer contracts. These expenses are recognized and expensed when incurred in accordance with ASC 340-40. 

Cost of Revenue 

Cost of revenues primarily
represent data center hosting costs, consulting services and maintenance of our large data array that were incurred in delivering professional
services and maintenance of our large data array during the periods presented. 

Contract Balances 

Contract assets arise when
the revenue associated prior to our unconditional right to receive a payment under a contract with a customer i.e ., unbilled revenue)
and are derecognized when either it becomes a receivable or the cash is received. There were no contract assets as of December 31, 2022
and 2021. 

Contract liabilities arise
when customers remit contractual cash payments in advance of our company satisfying our performance obligations under the contract and
are derecognized when the revenue associated with the contract is recognized when the performance obligation is satisfied. Deferred revenue
for contract liabilities were 579,833 and 472,750 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

32 

Income Taxes 

Our company converted to a
corporation from a limited liability company during 2018. 

We use the asset and liability
method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with Accounting Standard Codification ASC Topic 740, Income
Taxes. Under this method, income tax expense is recognized for the amount of: (i) taxes payable or refundable for the current year
and (ii) deferred tax consequences of temporary differences resulting from matters that have been recognized in an entity s financial
statements or tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income
in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities
of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. 

Valuation allowances are provided
if, based upon the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, we evaluated available evidence and concluded that we may not realize all the benefits of our
deferred tax assets; therefore, a valuation allowance was established for our deferred tax assets. 

ASC Topic 740-10-30 clarifies
the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold
and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a
tax return. ASC Topic 740-10-40 provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods,
disclosure, and transition. We have no material uncertain tax positions for any of the reporting periods presented. 

On December 22, 2017, the
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, (the Tax Act was enacted. The Tax Act significantly revised the U.S. corporate income tax
regime by, including but not limited to, lowering the U.S. corporate income tax rate from 34 to 21 effective January 1, 2018, implementing
a territorial tax system, imposing a one-time transition tax on previously untaxed accumulated earnings and profits of foreign subsidiaries,
and creating new taxes on foreign sourced earnings. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we completed the accounting for
tax effects of the Tax Act under ASC 740. There were no impacts to the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Stock-based Compensation Expense 

The Company accounts for stock-based
compensation expense in accordance with the authoritative guidance on share-based payments. Under the provisions of the guidance, stock-based
compensation expense is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the option or warrant using a Black-Scholes option pricing
model and is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period. 

The authoritative guidance
also requires that the Company measure and recognize stock-based compensation expense upon modification of the term of stock award. The
stock-based compensation expense for such modification is accounted for as a repurchase of the original award and the issuance of a new
award. 

Calculating stock-based compensation
expense requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected term of the stock-based awards, stock price volatility,
and the pre-vesting option forfeiture rate. The Company estimates the expected life of options granted based on historical exercise patterns,
which are believed to be representative of future behavior. The Company estimates the volatility of the Company s common stock on
the date of grant based on historical volatility. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of stock-based awards represent the
Company s best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment.
As a result, if factors change and the Company uses different assumptions, its stock-based compensation expense could be materially different
in the future. In addition, the Company is required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense for those shares
expected to vest. The Company estimates the forfeiture rate based on historical experience of its stock-based awards that are granted,
exercised and cancelled. If the actual forfeiture rate is materially different from the estimate, stock-based compensation expense could
be significantly different from what was recorded in the current period. The Company also grants performance based restricted stock awards
to employees and consultants. These awards will vest if certain employee\consultant-specific or company-designated performance targets
are achieved. If minimum performance thresholds are achieved, each award will convert into a designated number of the Company s
common stock. If minimum performance thresholds are not achieved, then no shares will be issued. Based upon the expected levels of achievement,
stock-based compensation is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. The expected levels of achievement
are reassessed over the requisite service periods and, to the extent that the expected levels of achievement change, stock-based compensation
is adjusted in the period of change and recorded on the statements of operations and the remaining unrecognized stock-based compensation
is recorded over the remaining requisite service period. Refer to Note 8, Stockholders Equity, for additional detail. 

33 

Loss Per Share 

We compute earnings
(loss) per share in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings per Share which requires presentation of both basic and diluted
earnings (loss) per share EPS on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is computed by dividing the loss
available to common shareholders (numerator) by the weighted average number of shares outstanding (denominator) during the period.
Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method and
convertible preferred stock using the if-converted method. In computing diluted EPS, the average stock price for the period is used
in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock options and warrants and the exercise of
fully vested restricted stock units. Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. As of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 4,095,867 and 3,322,670, respectively, common stock equivalents outstanding. 

Indemnification 

We provide indemnification
of varying scope to certain customers against claims of intellectual property infringement made by third parties arising from the use
of our software. In accordance with authoritative guidance for accounting for guarantees, we evaluate estimated losses for such indemnification.
We consider such factors as the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount
of loss. To date, no such claims have been filed against our company and no liability has been recorded in our financial statements. 

As permitted under Delaware
law, we have agreements whereby we indemnify our officers and directors for certain events or occurrences while the officer or director
is, or was, serving at our company s request in such capacity. The maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required
to make under these indemnification agreements is unlimited. In addition, we have directors and officers liability
insurance coverage that is intended to reduce our financial exposure and may enable us to recover any payments above the applicable policy
retention. 

In connection with the Class
Action claims and investigations described in Item 3. Legal Proceedings of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company is obligated to
indemnify its officers and directors for costs incurred in defending against these claims and investigations. 

Contingencies 

From time to time, we may
be involved in legal and administrative proceedings and claims of various types. We record a liability in our consolidated financial statements
for these matters when a loss is known or considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Management reviews these estimates
in each accounting period as additional information becomes known and adjusts the loss provision when appropriate. If the loss is not
probable or cannot be reasonably estimated, a liability is not recorded in the consolidated financial statements. If a loss is probable
but the amount of loss cannot be reasonably estimated, we disclose the loss contingency and an estimate of possible loss or range of loss
(unless such an estimate cannot be made). We do not recognize gain contingencies until they are realized. Legal costs incurred in connection
with loss contingencies are expensed as incurred. Refer to Note 7, Commitments and Contingencies, for further information. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and
disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. The Company regularly evaluates estimates and assumptions related
to allowance for doubtful accounts, the estimated useful lives and recoverability of long-lived assets, equity component of convertible
debt, stock-based compensation, and deferred income tax asset valuation allowances. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on
current facts, historical experience and various other factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses
that are not readily apparent from other sources. The actual results experienced by the Company may differ materially and adversely from
the Company s estimates. To the extent there are material differences between the estimates and the actual results, future results
of operations will be affected. 

34 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

From time to time, new accounting
pronouncements are issued by FASB that are adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. If not discussed, management believes
that the impact of recently issued standards, which are not yet effective, will not have a material impact on the Company s financial
statements upon adoption. 

Results of Operations 

The COVID-19 Pandemic has disrupted our
business and the business of our hospital customers. 

Our operations and business
have experienced disruption due to the unprecedented conditions surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic which spread throughout the United States
and the world. The Company has followed the recommendations of local health authorities to minimize exposure risk for its team members
since the outbreak. 

In addition, the Company s
customers (hospitals) also experienced extraordinary disruptions to their businesses and supply chains, while experiencing unprecedented
demand for health care services related to COVID-19. As a result of these extraordinary disruptions to the Company s customers 
business, the Company s customers were focused on meeting the nation s health care needs in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
As a result, the Company believes that its customers were not able to focus resources on expanding the utilization of the Company s
services, which has adversely impacted the Company s growth prospects, at least until the adverse effects of the pandemic subside.
In addition, the financial impact of COVID-19 on the Company s hospital customers could cause the hospitals to delay payments due
to the Company for services, which could negatively impact the Company s cash flows. 

The Company had sought to
mitigate these impacts to revenue through the sale of personal protective equipment PPE and COVID-19 rapid test kits to
the health care industry, including many of the Company s hospital customers. 

The Company is no longer actively
seeking to procure and sell Test Kits or PPE. The Company may receive commissions for acting as an intermediary with respect to the sale
of PPE and/or Test Kits. However, there is no assurance the Company will realize any material revenue from these activities. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to
Year Ended December 31, 2021 

The following summary of our
results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

Our operating results for
the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are summarized as follows: 

Years ended 

December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 Difference 

Revenue 
 4,038,188 
 4,632,529 
 (594,341 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 2,624,553 
 2,782,509 
 (157,956 
 
 General and administrative 
 3,540,232 
 5,664,488 
 (2,124,256 
 
 Other income (expense) 
 279,191 
 - 
 279,191 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 (1,847,406 
 (3,814,468 
 1,967,062 

Revenues 

Revenue for the year ended
December 31, 2022 was 4,038,188, compared to 4,632,529 in revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decline in revenue is primarily
related to a slight decrease in revenues from SaaS customer sales during the period. 

35 

Cost of Revenues 

Cost of revenues for the year
ended December 31, 2022 was 2,624,553, compared to 2,782,509 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 157,956 decrease is primarily
related to a decrease in labor costs during the current year. 

Expenses 

General and administrative
expenses decreased 2,124,256 to 3,540,232 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 5,664,488 in the same period of 2021.
This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in salary expense of approximately 64,000, a decrease in stock-based compensation (non-cash)
of approximately 1,546,000, a decrease in accounting fees of 144,000, a decrease in inventory write down expense of 170,000, a decrease
in bad debt expense of 204,000, and a decrease in commission expense of 210,000. We expect general and administrative expenses (excluding
non-cash compensation expenses) to remain relatively flat during 2023 with the exception of increases in our sales force. 

We had other income of 279,191
during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the forgiveness of PPP loans. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Going Concern 

Management has concluded on
our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 that conditions exist that raise substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern since we may not have sufficient capital resources from operations and existing financing arrangements
to meet our operating expenses and working capital requirements. As of December 31, 2022, we had a working capital deficit of 1,442,198
and accumulated deficit of 25,858,697. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 1,847,406 and used 546,673 of
cash in operations. We have historically incurred operating losses and may continue to incur operating losses for the foreseeable future.
We believe that these conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. This may hinder our future
ability to obtain financing or may force us to obtain financing on less favorable terms than would otherwise be available. If we are unable
to develop sufficient revenues and additional customers for our products and services, we may not generate enough revenue to sustain our
business, and we may fail, in which case our stockholders would suffer a total loss of their investment. There can be no assurance that
we will be able to continue as a going concern. 

Recent Fundraising 

Between September 7, 2022
and September 12, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate 1,153,845 shares of common stock as commitment shares pursuant to a private placement
agreement. The shares had a fair value of 750,000 or 0.65 per share. Company received aggregate net proceeds related to this placement
of 725,050. 

Liquidity 

We are currently experiencing
a working capital deficiency, have limited cash on hand, and we are experiencing negative cash flows from operations. Consequently, we
have an immediate need for additional capital to fund our operations and the implementation of our business plan. 

Based on our current business
plan, if we had sufficient capital resources, we anticipate that our operating activities would use a net of approximately 50,000 in
cash per month over the next twelve months, or approximately 600,000. Currently we have only limited cash on hand, and consequently,
we are unable to implement our current business plan. Accordingly, we have an immediate need for additional capital to fund our operating
activities. 

In order to remedy this liquidity
deficiency, we have cut spending and are actively seeking to raise additional funds through the sale of equity and debt securities. Ultimately,
we will need to generate substantial positive operating cash flows. Our internal sources of funds will consist of cash flows from operations,
but not until we begin to realize substantial additional revenues from the sale of our products and services. As previously stated, our
operations are generating negative cash flows, and thus adversely affecting our liquidity. If we are able to secure sufficient funding
in the first half of 2023 to fully implement our business plan, we expect that our operations could begin to generate positive cash flows
by the end of 2023, which should ameliorate our liquidity deficiency. If we are unable to raise additional funds in the near term, we
will not be able to fully implement our business plan, in which case there could be a material adverse effect on our results of operations
and financial condition. 

36 

In the event we do not generate
sufficient funds from revenues or financing through the issuance of common stock or from debt financing, we will be unable to fully implement
our business plan and pay our obligations as they become due, any of which circumstances would have a material adverse effect on our business
prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
be required should the Company be unable to recover the value of its assets or satisfy its liabilities. 

Based on our current limited
availability of funds, we expect to spend minimal amounts on expansion of our sales organization, software development and capital expenditures.
We expect to fund any future software development expenditures through a combination of cash flows from operations and proceeds from equity
and/or debt financing. If we are unable to generate positive cash flows from operations, and/or raise additional funds (either through
debt or equity), we will be unable to fund our software development expenditures, in which case, there could be an adverse effect on our
business and results of operations. 

Cash Flows 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (546,663 
 (1,069,945 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 725,050 
 764,595 
 
 Change in cash 
 178,387 
 (305,350 

Our operations through December
31, 2022 have resulted in negative cash flows from operations of 546,663. If we are able to raise additional capital during first half
of 2023 and generate additional revenue through the acquisition of new customers, we believe we may begin to generate positive operating
cash flows by the end of 2023. However, there is no assurance we will be able to increase our revenue sufficiently so as to generate positive
operating cash flows within this time frame. 

Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating
activities was 546,663 for the year ended December 31, 2022, mainly related to the net loss of 1,847,406 and a gain on forgiveness of
PPP Loans of 285,818, partially offset by non-cash stock-based compensation of 1,141,932 related to various equity awards to employees
and non-employees, 78,125 in bad debt expense, and a 156,600 decrease in inventory valuation. 

Net cash used in operating
activities was 1,069,945 for the year ended December 31, 2021, mainly related to the net loss of 3,814,46 and decreases of 452,284
in accounts payable and accrued liabilities and 690,083 in deferred revenue, partially offset by non-cash stock-based compensation of
 2,687,901 related to various equity awards to employees and non-employees, 163,917 in bad debt expense, and a 475,000 decrease in inventory
valuation. 

37 

Investing Activities 

The Company did not have any
investing activities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing
activities was 725,050 for the year ended December 31, 2022. This consisted proceeds from a common stock placement. 

Net cash provided by financing
activities was 764,595 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This consisted of 139,595 in proceeds from a loan payable, 100,000 advanced
by the Company s former CEO (also a significant shareholder), and 525,000 from a common stock placement. 

Contractual Cash Obligations 

Refer to Note 7, Commitments
and Contingencies, in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional detail. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022, we
did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

The consolidated financial
statements are included in Part IV, Item 15 (a) (1) of this Report. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Management s Conclusions Regarding Effectiveness
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Management conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures Disclosure Controls ), as defined by Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of December 31, 2021, the
end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act. The
Disclosure Controls evaluation was done under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, based on the 2013 framework and criteria established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures. Accordingly,
even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Based upon
this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, due to deficiencies caused by a lack of segregation
of duties, our Disclosure Controls were not effective as of December 31, 2022, such that the information required to be disclosed
by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive
and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 

38 

Management Report on Internal Controls over
Financial Reporting 

Our management has identified
material weaknesses in our internal controls related to a lack of segregation of duties. Management continues to work with the Audit Committee
to discuss remediation efforts. Our management is currently considering looking for additional accounting and finance personnel to assist
in the remediation efforts. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have concluded that the consolidated financial statements
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and
cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

We may in the future identify
other material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in connection with our internal control over financial reporting. Material weaknesses
and significant deficiencies that may be identified in the future will need to be addressed as part of our quarterly and annual evaluations
of our internal controls over financial reporting under Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Any future disclosures of
a material weakness, or errors as a result of a material weakness, could result in a negative reaction in the financial markets and a
decrease in the price of our common stock. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. 

None 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

39 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance 

The following table presents
information with respect to our officers, directors and significant employees as of the date of filing of this Report: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Timothy A. Hannibal 
 
 54 
 
 President Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 Chris Kohler 
 
 42 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Alton Irby 
 
 82 
 
 Director 
 
 John Ferrara 
 
 71 
 
 Director 
 
 Steven Horowitz 
 
 52 
 
 Director 

Background of Officers and Directors 

The following is a brief account
of the education and business experience during at least the past five years of our officers and directors, indicating each person s
principal occupation during that period, and the name and principal business of the organization in which such occupation and employment
were carried out. 

Timothy A. Hannibal 

Mr. Hannibal is a seasoned
technology executive and entrepreneur, with nearly 30 years experience in SaaS and cloud technology, driving revenue, go-to-market strategies,
business development and mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Hannibal joined the Company in January 2019 and currently serves as its
Chief Executive Officer. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Hannibal was an employee at Primrose Solutions (the predecessor to SCWorx) which
he joined in September of 2016. At Primrose, Mr. Hannibal was responsible for overseeing marketing, sales and operations, including
executing the Company s business plan. Mr. Hannibal has a successful track record of growth and management at both startup
and national companies. 

Prior to joining Primrose,
Mr. Hannibal was the President and CEO of VaultLogix for thirteen years, a company he founded. VaultLogix was a private equity
sponsored leading SaaS company in the cloud backup industry before being acquired by J2 Global, a publicly traded technology company 3.2b
market cap) focused on cloud services and digital media. 

Chris Kohler 

Mr. Kohler was appointed CFO
on November 1, 2020, at which time Mr. Hannibal resigned as Interim CFO. Mr. Kohler has over 15 years of experience serving in a wide
variety roles in the finance and accounting sectors. Mr. Kohler is the founder and CEO of Kohler Consulting, Inc., which he founded in
2012. The firm, through Mr. Kohler, provides outsourced CFO and advisory services to private and public companies, with a focus on small
cap and start-up businesses. 

Alton Irby 

Mr. Irby was appointed
to the Board of Directors on March 10, 2021. Alton Irby is a co-founder of London Bay Capital and has been Chairman of the firm
since 2006. London Bay Capital makes investments in private companies, and also provides business advisory services. Mr. Irby is
a seasoned executive with a highly successful track record in the financial services and investment banking industries in both the UK
and the US from 1982 to the present. Mr. Irby has served on the boards of several public and private companies including 17 years
as a director of The McKesson Corporation chairing both the Compensation and Finance Committees. 

40 

John Ferrara 

Mr Ferrara was appointed to
the Board of Directors in August 2021. Mr. Ferrara has been the CFO of several public, private and private equity portfolio
companies primarily in media, technology, financial and information services. John is also an experienced Corporate Director, having served
on the Boards and Audit Committees of several publicly traded companies and a Not-For-Profit. 

Since 2017, John has been
a partner at CFO Performance Partners, a professional services firm that provides CFO services. From 2019 to 2020, he was CFO of Wild
Sky Media a PE owned digital media company. Prior to joining CFO Performance Partners, John was the CFO of Cartesian, Inc., a Nasdaq company,
from 2015 to 2017. From 2013 to 2015, he was CFO of the Street, Inc., a Nasdaq Company. 

John has an MBA in Finance
from Columbia University and a BS in Accounting from the University of Maryland. John is a member of Financial Executives Institute (FEI)
and Executive Forum. 

Steven Horowitz 

Mr. Horowitz was appointed
to the Board of Directors in August 2021. Mr. Horowitz is currently the Chief Executive Officer of CareCentrix, a multi-billion dollar
health care services company, after previously serving as its Chief Financial Officer since 2012. 

Prior to joining CareCentrix,
Steve was the Vice President of business planning for Medco Health Solutions, a Fortune 50 pharmacy benefit manager. In this role, Steve
was the CFO for three key U.S.-based divisions as well as all international markets, which together generated over 2 billion in annual
revenue. Previously, Steve held the position of controller at National Medical Health Card Systems, a pharmacy benefit manager, and at
The Fantastic Corporation, a global broadband multimedia corporation. Earlier, Steve was CFO at the Mount Vernon Neighborhood Health Center. 

Steve received his MBA from
Adelphi University and earned his BS in business management from Cornell University. He is a licensed CPA and Chartered Global Management
Accountant (CGMA). Steve is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) and the Wall Street Journal CFO
Network. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer
or controller or persons performing similar functions and also to other employees. Our Code of Business Conduct can be found on our website
at www.SCWorx.com. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships
between any of our directors, executive officers or significant employees. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During the past ten years, none of our current officers, directors,
significant employees or control persons have been involved in any legal proceedings as described in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. Litigation
involving our former CEO, Marc S. Schessel, is described in Item 3, Legal Proceedings. 

Board Composition 

The Board of Directors
currently consists of four directors. Each director will serve in office until the next annual meeting of stockholders or until
their successors have been duly elected and qualified, or until the earlier of their death, resignation or removal. 

Our certificate of incorporation
provides that that the number of authorized directors will be determined in accordance with our bylaws. Our bylaws provide that the number
of authorized directors shall be determined from time to time by a resolution of the Board of Directors, and any vacancies in our board
and newly created directorships may be filled only by our Board of Directors. 

41 

Term of Office 

All of our directors are elected
on an annual basis to serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until the earlier of their death, resignation or removal. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our Board of Directors has
established an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and governance committee. Each of these committees operates
under a charter that has been approved by our Board of Directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have a separately-designated
standing audit committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. The Audit Committee has authority to
review our financial records, engage with our independent auditors, recommend policies with respect to financial reporting to the Board
of Directors and investigate all aspects of our business. The members of the audit committee are Mr. Horowitz (chair), Mr. Irby and Mr.
Ferrara. The audit committee consists exclusively of directors who are financially literate. In addition, each of Mr. Horowitz and Mr.
Ferrara is considered an audit committee financial expert as defined by the SEC s rules and regulations. All members
of the Audit Committee currently satisfy the independence requirements and other established criteria of Nasdaq. 

Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee
oversees our executive compensation and recommends various incentives for key employees to encourage and reward increased corporate financial
performance, productivity and innovation. The members of the compensation committee are Mr. Irby (chair), Mr. Horowitz and Mr. Ferrara. 

Nominating and Governance Committee 

The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee identifies and nominates candidates for membership on the Board of Directors, oversees Board of Directors 
committees, advises the Board of Directors on corporate governance matters and any related matters required by the federal securities
laws. The members of the Nominating Committee are Mr. Ferrara (chair), Mr. Irby and Mr. Horowitz, and all currently satisfy the independence
requirements and other established criteria of Nasdaq. 

The Nominating and Governance
Committee will consider stockholder recommendations for candidates for the Board of Directors. 

Our bylaws provide that, in
order for a stockholder s nomination of a candidate for the board to be properly brought before an annual meeting of the stockholders,
the stockholder s nomination must be delivered to the Secretary of our company no later than 120 days prior to the one-year anniversary
date of the prior year s annual meeting. 

Charters for all three committees
are available on our website at www.SCWorx.com. 

Changes in Nominating Procedures 

None. 

42 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act requires our executive officers and directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities
to file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership, statements of changes in beneficial ownership and annual statements of
changes in beneficial ownership with respect to their ownership of our securities, on Forms 3, 4 and 5, respectively. Executive officers,
directors and greater than 10 shareholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they
file. 

Based solely on our review of the copies of such reports received by
us, and on written representations by our officers and directors regarding their compliance with the applicable reporting requirements
under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, and without conducting an independent investigation of our own, we believe that with respect
to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our officers and directors, and all of the persons known to us to beneficially own more than
10 of our common stock filed all required reports on a timely basis. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The following summary compensation
table sets forth information concerning compensation for services rendered in all capacities during 2022 and 2021 awarded to, earned by
or paid to our executive officers. The value attributable to any option awards and stock awards reflects the grant date fair values of
stock awards calculated in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718. As described further in Note 8, Stockholders 
Equity, to our consolidated year-end financial statements, the assumptions made in the valuation of these option awards and stock awards
is set forth therein. 

Non-Equity 

Stock 
 Option 
 Incentive Plan 
 All Other 

Fiscal 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Timothy Hannibal (1) 
 2022 
 250,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 44,996 
 294,996 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 2021 
 225,000 
 - 
 319,350 
 - 
 - 
 6,663 
 551,013 

Chris Kohler (2) 
 2022 
 90,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 90,000 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 90,000 
 - 
 185,828 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 275,828 

(1) Mr.
Hannibal was hired as Chief Revenue Officer on February 1, 2019 and was appointed Interim Chief Financial Officer on June 10, 2020. On
August 10, 2020 Mr. Hannibal was appointed President and Chief Operating Officer. On May 28, 2021 Mr. Hannibal was appointed President
and Chief Executive Officer. 

(2) Mr.
Kohler was hired as Chief Financial Officer on November 1, 2020. 

43 

Directors Compensation 

The following summary compensation
table sets forth information concerning compensation for services rendered in all capacities during 2022 and 2021 awarded to, earned by
or paid to our directors. The value attributable to any stock option awards reflects the grant date fair values of stock awards calculated
in accordance with ASC Topic 718. 

Fees 

Non-Equity 

Earned or 

Incentive 

Paid in 
 
 Stock 
 Option 
 Plan 
 All Other 

Fiscal 
 Cash 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Alton Irby (1) 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 138,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 138,000 
 
 Chairman and Director 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 157,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 157,000 

John Ferrara (2) 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 124,200 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 124,200 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 124,584 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 124,584 

Steven Horowitz (3) 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 124,200 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 124,200 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 124,584 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 124,584 

Steven Wallitt (4) 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 110,400 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 110,400 
 
 Former Director 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 157,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 157,000 

(1) Alton
Irby was appointed as a Director on March 16, 2021. 

(2) John
Ferrara was appointed as a Director on August 11, 2021. 

(3) Steven
Horowitz was appointed as a Director on August 11, 2021. 

(4) Steven
Wallitt was appointed as a Director on October 4, 2019. Mr Wallitt s service was not continued effective approval of
the Company s proxy statement nominations at our shareholder meeting held December 22, 2022. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth
certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2023: (i) by each of our directors, (ii) by each
of the named executive officers, (iii) by all of our executive officers and directors as a group, and (iv) by each person or entity known
by us to beneficially own more than five percent (5 of any class of our outstanding shares. As of March 31, 2023, there were 13,021,741
shares of our common stock outstanding. 

Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership as
of March 31, 2023 (1) 

Common 
 Preferred 
 Options / 
 
 Percentage 
 
 Named Executive Officers and Directors 
 Stock 
 Stock 
 Warrants 
 Total 
 Ownership 
 
 Current 

Timothy Hannibal 
 821,807 
 - 
 - 
 821,807 
 6.0 
 
 Chris Kohler 
 92,250 
 - 
 - 
 92,250 

Alton Irby 
 200,000 
 - 
 - 
 200,000 
 1.5 
 
 John Ferrara 
 131,667 
 - 
 - 
 131,667 
 1.0 
 
 Steven Horowitz 
 131,667 
 - 
 - 
 131,667 
 1.0 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (6 persons) 
 1,377,391 
 - 
 - 
 1,377,391 
 9.6 

Former 

Steven Wallitt 
 275,120 
 - 
 - 
 275,120 
 2.0 

Represents
beneficial ownership of less than 1 of our outstanding stock. 

(1) 
 In determining beneficial ownership of our common stock as of a given date, the number of shares shown includes shares of common stock that may be acquired upon the exercise of stock options within 60 days of March 31, 2023. In determining the percent of common stock owned by a person or entity on March 31, 2023, (a) the numerator is the number of shares of the class beneficially owned by such person or entity, including shares which may be acquired within 60 days of March 31, 2023 upon the exercise of stock options, and (b) the denominator is the sum of (i) the total shares of common stock outstanding on March 31, 2023 and (ii) the total number of shares that the beneficial owner may acquire upon exercise of stock options within 60 days of March 31, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each of the individuals and entities named below is c/o SCWorx Corp., 590 Madison Avenue, 21st Floor, New York, New York 10022. 

44 

Employee Grants of Plan Based Awards and Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

Prior to the completion of
our initial public offering, our Board of Directors adopted the Alliance MMA 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2016 Plan pursuant to which we may grant shares of our common stock to our directors, officers, employees or consultants. Our stockholders approved
the 2016 Plan at our annual meeting of stockholders held September 1, 2017, and on March 25, 2021 approved the Amended and Restated 2016
Plan, which permits the issuance of up to 5,000,000 shares. Unless earlier terminated by the Board of Directors, the 2016 plan will terminate,
and no further awards may be granted, after July 30, 2026. 

The following sets forth the
stock option awards to our officers and directors as of December 31, 2022. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2022 

Stock Awards 

Name 
 
 Number of 
 shares 
or units of 
 stock 
that have 
 not 
vested 

Market 
 value of 
shares or 
 units of 
stock that 
have not 
vested 

Equity 
 incentive 
plan 
 awards: 
Number of 
unearned 
 shares, 
units or 
 other 
rights that 
 have not 
vested 

Equity 
 incentive 
plan 
 awards: 
Market or 
 payout 
value of 
 unearned 
shares, 
 units or 
other 
 rights that 
have not vested 

Current Officers 

Chris Kohler 

- 

- 

12,500 

19,125 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021
Company had amounts due to officers in the amount of 153,838. 

During September 2021, the
Company s former CEO (also a significant shareholder) advanced 100,000 in cash to the Company for short term capital requirements.
This amount is non-interest bearing and payable upon demand and included in Shareholder advance on the Company s consolidated balance
sheet as of December 31, 2022 

Director Independence 

The rules of the Nasdaq Capital
Market, or the Nasdaq Rules, require a majority of a listed company s board of directors to be composed of independent directors
within one year of listing. In addition, the Nasdaq Rules require that, subject to specified exceptions, each member of a listed company s
audit, compensation and nominating and governance committees be independent. Under the Nasdaq Rules, a director will qualify as an independent
director only if, in the opinion of our Board of Directors, that person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise
of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The Nasdaq Rules also require that audit committee members
satisfy independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, as amended. In order to be considered independent for purposes
of Rule 10A-3, a member of an audit committee of a listed company may not, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the audit
committee, the board of directors, or any other board committee, accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory
fee from the listed company or any of its subsidiaries or otherwise be an affiliated person of the listed company or any of its subsidiaries.
In considering the independence of compensation committee members, the Nasdaq Rules require that our Board of Directors must consider
additional factors relevant to the duties of a compensation committee member, including the source of any compensation we pay to the director
and any affiliations with our company. 

Our Board of Directors undertook
a review of the composition of our Board of Directors and its committees and the independence of each director. Based upon information
requested from and provided by each director concerning his background, employment and affiliations, including family relationships, our
Board of Directors has determined that each of our directors other than Tim Hannibal, is independent based on the definition of independence
in the Nasdaq listing standards. 

45 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors has selected BF Borgers
CPA PC, an independent registered public accounting firm, to audit our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. BF Borgers
CPA PC has served as our independent registered public accounting firm since April 2021. Prior to April 2021, the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm was Sadler Gibb Associates, LLC, and for the year ending December 31, 2019, Withum served as the
Company s independent registered public accounting firm. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

During 2022 and 2021, fees
for services provided by BF Borgers CPA PC were as follows: 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 179,400 
 164,800 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 179,400 
 164,800 

During 2022 and 2021, fees
for services provided by Sadler Gibb were as follows: 

For the year ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 - 
 40,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 - 
 40,000 

During 2022 and 2021, fees
for services provided by Withum were as follows: 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 7,650 
 
 Total 
 - 
 7,650 

Audit Fees 

Audit fees for 2022 and 2021
include amounts related to the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements and quarterly review of the consolidated financial
statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. 

Audit Related Fees 

Audit Related Fees include
amounts related to accounting consultations and services. 

Tax Fees 

Tax Fees include fees billed
for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning services. 

All Other Fees 

Other Fees include fees billed
for consents to file prior period reports as part of our 2021 Form 10-K 

The Audit Committee pre-approves
all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. These services may include
audit services, audit-related services, tax and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year, and any pre-approval
is detailed as to the particular service or category of services. The independent registered public accounting firm and management are
required to periodically report to the Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered public
accounting firm in accordance with this pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to date. The Audit Committee may also pre-approve
particular services on a case-by-case basis. 

46 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The
following documents are filed as a part of this report: 

(1) Financial
Statements . See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements, which appears on page F-1 hereof. The consolidated financial statements
listed in the accompanying Index to Consolidated Financial Statements are filed herewith in response to this Item. 

(2) Financial
Statement Schedules . Schedules are omitted because the required information is not present or is not present in amounts sufficient
to require submission of the schedule or because the information required is given in the consolidated financial statements or the notes
thereto. 

(3) Exhibits .
The information required by this Item 15 is incorporated by reference to the Index to Exhibits accompanying this Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

47 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SCWorx Corp. 

By: 
 /s/ Timothy Hannibal 

Timothy Hannibal 

President, Chief Executive Officer 

April 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Chris Kohler 

Chris Kohler 

Chief Financial Officer 

April 17, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ Timothy Hannibal 

Timothy Hannibal 

President, Chief Executive Officer, Director 

April 17, 2023 

/s/ Chris Kohler 

Chris Kohler 

Chief Financial Officer 

April 17, 2023 

/s/ Alton Irby 

Alton Irby, 
Chairman 

April 17, 2023 

/s/ John Ferrara 

John Ferrara 
Director 

April 17, 2023 

/s/ Steven Horowitz 

Steven Horowitz 
Director 

April 17, 2023 

48 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

SCWorx Corp. 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page Number Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number F-2 Consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated statements of changes in stockholders equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to consolidated financial statements F-7 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the shareholders and the board of directors
of SCWorx Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of SCWorx Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statement of operations, stockholders 
equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ BF Borgers CPA PC 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2021 

April 17, 2023 

F- 2 

SCWorx Corp. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable - net 

Inventory 
 -

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Total current assets 

Fixed assets - net 
 -
 
 -

Goodwill 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities - related party 

Shareholder advance 

Deferred revenue 

Equity financing 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Loans payable 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders' equity: 

Series A Convertible Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Subscriptions payable 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

SCWorx Corp. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

For the years ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of revenues 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 
 
 -

Total other income (expense) 
 
 -

Net loss before income taxes 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

SCWorx Corp. 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
Equity 

Preferred Stock 
 Common stock 
 Additional paid-in 
 Subscriptions 
 Accumulated 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Shares 
 
 Shares 
 
 capital 
 payable 
 deficit 
 Total 

Balances, December 31, 2021 

Shares issued as settlement of accounts payable 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Shares issued for common stock placement 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Shares issued for vested restricted stock units 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Commitment shares issued in conjunction with capital raise 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Stock based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Net Loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Ending balance, December 31, 2022 

Preferred Stock 

Common stock 
 Additional paid-in 
 Subscriptions 
 Accumulated 

Year ended December 31, 2021 
 Shares 
 
 Shares 
 
 capital 
 payable 
 deficit 
 Total 

Balances, December 31, 2020 

-

Conversion of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock into common stock 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Shares issued as settlement of accounts payable 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Shares issued for common stock placement 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Shares issued for vested restricted stock units 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Shares issued for cashless exercise of options 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Shares issued for equity financing 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Shares ussuable for settlement of legal obligations 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Stock based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Ending balance, December 31, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

SCWorx Corp. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the years ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 
 -

Change in inventory value 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 
 
 -

Stock-based compensation 

Bad debt expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Inventory 
 -

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 -
 
 -

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from common stock placement 

Proceeds from notes payable 
 -

Proceeds from shareholder advance 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 
 -
 
 -

Cash paid for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Shares issued for equity financing 
 -

Commitment shares issued in conjunction with capital raise 
 
 -

Shares issued for vested restricted stock units 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

SCWorx Corp. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

. To facilitate the planned acquisition by Alliance
MMA, Inc., a Delaware corporation Alliance ), on June 27, 2018, SCW LLC merged with and into a newly-formed entity, SCWorx
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation SCW Acquisition ), with SCW Acquisition being the surviving entity. Subsequently,
on August 17, 2018, SCW Acquisition changed its name to SCWorx Corp. On November 30, 2018, the Company and certain of its stockholders
agreed to cancel shares of common stock. In June 2018, the Company began to collect subscriptions for common stock. From June to
November 2018, the Company collected in subscriptions and issued shares of common stock to new third-party investors.
In addition, on February 1, 2019, (i) SCWorx Corp. (f/k/a SCWorx Acquisition Corp.) changed its name to SCW FL Corp. (to allow Alliance
to change its name to SCWorx Corp.) and (ii) Alliance acquired SCWorx Corp. (n/k/a SCW FL Corp.) in a stock-for-stock exchange transaction
and changed Alliance s name to SCWorx Corp., which is the Company s current name, with SCW FL Corp. becoming the Company s
subsidiary. On March 16, 2020, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, SCWorx established a wholly-owned subsidiary, Direct-Worx, LLC. 

F- 7 

.
The Company did not have any amounts in excess of the FDIC insured limit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F- 8 

of the Company s revenue for each period presented, or the Company s accounts receivable
balance as of each respective balance sheet date. For each significant customer, revenue as a percentage of total revenue and accounts
receivable as a percentage of total net accounts receivable are as follows: 

Customer B 

Customer C 

Customer D 

-

Customer E 

- 

Customer F 

and , respectively. 

gowns. These items are tracked
based on average cost and carried on the consolidated balance sheet at the lower of cost or market. 

F- 9 

. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company wrote off the remaining value of this inventory as unsellable and is in the process of disposal. Inventory assets as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the following: 

Allowance for obsolescence 

Net inventory value 
 -

and , respectively. 

F- 10 

F- 11 

of remaining performance obligations recorded as deferred revenue. We expect to recognize sales relating to these existing
performance obligations of during 2023. 

F- 12 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

to effective January 1, 2018, implementing
a territorial tax system, imposing a one-time transition tax on previously untaxed accumulated earnings and profits of foreign subsidiaries,
and creating new taxes on foreign sourced earnings. The Company completed the accounting for tax effects of the Tax Act under ASC 740.
There were no impacts to the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F- 13 

F- 14 

and , respectively, common stock equivalents outstanding. 

F- 15 

. 

in cash to the Company for short term capital requirements.
This amount is non-interest bearing and payable upon demand and included in Shareholder advance on the Company s consolidated balance
sheet as of December 31, 2022 

shares of Alliance common stock. Due to the Company s
shareholders acquiring a controlling interest in Alliance after acquisition, the transaction was treated as a reverse merger for accounting
purposes, with SCWorx being the reporting company. In accordance with purchase accounting rules under ASC 805, the purchase consideration
was . 

Goodwill 

Identifiable intangible assets: 

Ticketing software 

Promoter relationships 

Total identifiable intangible assets 

Account payable 

Current liabilities - discontinued operations 

Aggregate purchase price 

F- 16 

unsecured loan payable through the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ), which was enacted as part of the
Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES ACT ). The funds were received from Bank of America through
a loan agreement pursuant to the CARES Act. The CARES Act was established in order to enable small businesses to pay employees during
the economic slowdown caused by COVID-19 by providing forgivable loans to qualifying businesses for up to 2.5 times their average monthly
payroll costs. The amount borrowed under the CARES Act and used for payroll costs, rent, mortgage interest, and utility costs during the
24 week period after the date of loan disbursement is eligible to be forgiven provided that (a) the Company uses the PPP Funds during
the eight week period after receipt thereof, and (b) the PPP Funds are only used to cover payroll costs (including benefits), rent, mortgage
interest, and utility costs. While the full loan amount may be forgiven, the amount of loan forgiveness will be reduced if, among other
reasons, the Company does not maintain staffing or payroll levels or less than of the loan proceeds are used for payroll costs. Principal
and interest payments on any unforgiven portion of the PPP Funds (the PPP Loan will be deferred to the date the SBA remits
the borrower s loan forgiveness amount to the lender or, if the borrower does not apply for loan forgiveness, 10 months after the
end of the borrower s loan forgiveness period for six months and will accrue interest at a fixed annual rate of and carry a
 maturity date. There is no prepayment penalty on the CARES Act Loan. In May 2022, the Company was granted an extension on the
maturity date of this note until . The loan was partially forgiven in the amount of in September 2022 with the balance
remaining due. 

in financing from the U.S. government s Payroll Protection Program PPP ). We entered into a loan agreement
with Bank of America. This loan agreement was pursuant to the CARES Act. The CARES Act was established in order to enable small businesses
to pay employees during the economic slowdown caused by COVID-19 by providing forgivable loans to qualifying businesses for up to 2.5
times their average monthly payroll costs. The amount borrowed under the CARES Act is eligible to be forgiven provided that (a) the Company
uses the PPP Funds during the eight week period after receipt thereof, and (b) the PPP Funds are only used to cover payroll costs (including
benefits), rent, mortgage interest, and utility costs. The amount of loan forgiveness will be reduced if, among other reasons, the Company
does not maintain staffing or payroll levels. Principal and interest payments on any unforgiven portion of the PPP Funds (the PPP
Loan will be deferred for six months and will accrue interest at a fixed annual rate of and carry a maturity date.
There is no prepayment penalty on the CARES Act Loan. This note was fully forgiven on March 12, 2022. 

F- 17 

Total lease cost 

By
order dated March 22, 2022, the Court granted preliminary approval of the class action. After a fairness hearing held on June 29, 2022,
the Court approved the Stipulation of Settlement. 

arising out of a marketing and consulting agreement. The Company filed its answer,
affirmative defenses and counterclaims on May 16, 2022. By order of the arbitrator dated November 1, 2022, Core IR received permission
to amend its Statement of Claim to increase its request for damages to . The arbitration hearing commences on March 20, 2023
and will continue through March 24, 2023. 

F- 18 

in damages. To date, the
Complaint has not been served. Upon review of the Complaint, SCWorx counsel provided Plaintiffs counsel with a safe harbor 
Notice of Motion for sanctions pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. Pro. 11 and letter explaining that the material allegations in the Complaint are
false inasmuch as the restrictions on Plaintiffs SCWorx shares were removed on April 21, 2020 after months of waiting for
Plaintiffs to supply the correct documents with accurate information so that outside counsel could provide an opinion and clear the stocks
for trading. The safe harbor letter and Notice of Motion gave Plaintiffs 21 days to withdraw the Complaint. After asking
for and receiving several extensions in addition to the 21 days, Plaintiffs have not withdrawn the Complaint and thus, a Motion for Sanctions
was filed by SCWorx on November 4, 2022. After the motion for sanctions was filed, Plaintiffs filed an Amended Complaint on November 28,
2022. On February 6, 2023, SCWorx filed its answer to the Amended Complaint interposing numerous defenses. SCWorx is awaiting a decision
from the Court on its Motion for Sanctions. 

F- 19 

Common shares and Series A convertible preferred shares authorized with a par value of per share. 

shares of common stock to holders of fully vested restricted stock units. 

shares of common stock in full settlement of of accounts payable. The shares had a fair value of per share. 

shares of common stock in full settlement of of accounts payable. The shares had a fair value of per share. 

shares of common stock in full settlement of of accounts payable. The shares had a fair value of per
share. 

shares of common stock in settlement of pursuant to a legal settlement. 

shares of common stock as commitment shares pursuant to a capital funding agreement. The shares had a fair value of 
or per share. 

shares of common stock as commitment shares pursuant to a private placement
agreement. The shares had a fair value of or per share. Company received aggregate net proceeds related to this placement
of . 

The remaining received by the Company is included in equity financing within current liabilities
on the consolidated balance sheet. 

F- 20 

Granted 

-
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Cancelled/Expired 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

-

and million,
respectively, to be recognized over a one to three-year period for restricted stock awards and for option grants from the date
of grant. 

Total 

F- 21 

Warrants 

Restricted stock units 

Total common stock equivalents 

Stock options and compensation 

Deferred revenue 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 - 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax asset 
 -
 
 -

Basis difference fixed assets 
 -
 
 -

Total deferred tax liability 

-

Net deferred tax asset (liability) 
 -
 
 -

F- 22 

State 

Less: change in valuation allowance 

- 
 - 
 
 Total 
 -
 
 -

Statutory rate 

State tax rate 

Permanent items 

Rate change 
 -

-

Change in valuation allowance 

-

-

million and million, respectively, available
to offset future taxable income. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had state loss carry-forwards of approximately million
and , respectively. Future utilization of net operating losses may be limited due to potential ownership changes under Section 382
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). The federal net operating loss carryforwards can be carried
forward indefinitely and state loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2039. 

and , respectively. The net change in valuation allowance for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 was an increase of and , respectively. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets,
management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized.
The ultimate realization of deferred income tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in
which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred income tax liabilities, projected
future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on consideration of these items, management has determined
that enough uncertainty exists relative to the realization of the deferred income tax asset balances to warrant the application of a full
valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F- 23 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Pursuant to the rules and
regulations of the SEC, the Company has filed certain agreements as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These agreements may
contain representations and warranties by the parties. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the
other party or parties to such agreements and (i) may have been qualified by disclosures made to such other party or parties, (ii) were
made only as of the date of such agreements or such other date(s) as may be specified in such agreements and are subject to more recent
developments, which may not be fully reflected in the Company s public disclosure, (iii) may reflect the allocation of risk among
the parties to such agreements and (iv) may apply materiality standards different from what may be viewed as material to investors. Accordingly,
these representations and warranties may not describe the Company s actual state of affairs at the date hereof and should not be
relied upon. 

Exhibit 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation, as amended February 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s 10-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2019) 

3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated By-laws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-213166) filed with the SEC on August 16, 2016) 

4.1 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities 

10.1 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated September 9, 2022 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
herewith 

49 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_scworx.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.1 

Description of Registrant s Securities 

Authorized Capital Stock 

The Company s authorized
capital stock consists of 45,900,000 shares of capital stock, par value 0.001 per share, of which 45,000,000 shares are common stock,
par value 0.001 per share and 900,000 shares are preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. 

Common Stock 

Each holder of our common stock
is entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. Holders of our common
stock are entitled to receive ratably the dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the board of directors out of funds
legally available therefor. If there is a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our company, holders of our common stock would be
entitled to share in our assets remaining after the payment of liabilities and payment to preferred shareholders. Holders of our common
stock have no preemptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable
to the common stock. The outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of shares of our common stock are
not liable for further calls or to assessments by us. The rights, powers, preferences and privileges of holders of common stock would
be subordinate to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock outstanding
or for which our board of directors may designate and issue in the future. 

Preferred Stock 

Each holder of our preferred stock
is entitled to the number of votes represented by the number of common stock shares each share of preferred stock would be convertible
into. Holders of our preferred stock are entitled to receive ratably the dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the
board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. If there is a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our company, holders
of our common stock would be entitled to share in our assets remaining after the payment of liabilities. Holders of our common stock have
no preemptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to
the common stock. The outstanding shares of preferred stock are fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of shares of our preferred stock
are not liable for further calls or to assessments by us. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar
for our common stock is Transfer Online, Inc. The transfer agent s address is 512 SE Salmon St. Portland, OR 97214. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never declared or paid
any cash dividends on our capital stock, and we do not currently intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable
future. We expect to retain future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. Any future determination to pay
dividends on our common stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon, among other factors, our financial
condition, operating results, current and anticipated cash needs, plans for expansion and other factors that our board of directors may
deem relevant. 

Our Charter provides that we may
issue up to 900,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. Shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in
one or more series, each of which will have such distinctive designation or title as shall be determined by our Board prior to the issuance
of any shares thereof. Preferred stock will have such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such preferences, privileges
and relative, participating, optional or other special rights and such qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, including
dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, redemption rights, liquidation preference, sinking fund terms and the number of shares
constituting any series or the designation of any series, as shall be stated in such resolution or resolutions providing for the issue
of such class or series of preferred stock as may be adopted from time to time by the Board prior to the issuance of any shares thereof. 

The issuance of such preferred
stock could adversely affect the rights of the holders of common stock and, therefore, reduce the market price of the common stock. It
is not possible to state the actual effect of the issuance of any shares of preferred stock on the rights of holders of the common stock
until the Board determines the specific rights of the holders of the preferred stock; however, these effects may include: 

Restricting dividends on the common stock; 

Diluting the voting power of the common stock; 

Impairing the liquidation rights of the common stock; or 

Delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of the Company. 

Delaware Anti-Takeover Law 

We are subject to Section 203
of the Delaware General Corporation Law which contains anti-takeover provisions. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware
corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date that
the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination or the transaction in which the person became an interested
stockholder is approved in a prescribed manner. Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale or another transaction
resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. An interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and
associates, owns 15 or more of the corporation s voting stock. The existence of this provision may have an anti-takeover effect
with respect to transactions that are not approved in advance by our board of directors, including discouraging attempts that might result
in a premium over the market price for the shares of common stock held by stockholders. 

No Cumulative Voting 

Under Delaware law, cumulative
voting for the election of directors is not permitted unless a corporation s certificate of incorporation authorizes cumulative
voting. Our Charter does not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors. Cumulative voting allows a minority stockholder
to vote a portion or all of its shares for one or more candidates for seats on our board of directors. Without cumulative voting, a minority
stockholder will not be able to gain as many seats on our board of directors based on the number of shares of our stock the stockholder
holds as compared to the number of seats the stockholder would be able to gain if cumulative voting were permitted. The absence of cumulative
voting makes it more difficult for a minority stockholder to gain a seat on our board of directors to influence our board s decision
regarding a takeover. 

Stockholder Action by Written Consent 

Delaware law generally provides
that the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares entitled to vote on such matter is required to amend a corporation s certificate
of incorporation or bylaws, unless a corporation s certificate of incorporation or bylaws requires a greater percentage. Our Charter
permits our board of directors to amend or repeal most provisions of our Bylaws by majority vote. Generally, our Charter may be amended
by holders of a majority of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote. The stockholder vote
or consent with respect to an amendment of our Charter or Bylaws would be in addition to any separate class vote that might in the future
be required under the terms of any series of preferred stock that might be outstanding at the time such a proposed amendment were submitted
to stockholders. Delaware law and the provisions of our Bylaws generally permit stockholders owning the requisite percentage of shares
of common stock necessary to approve an amendment to our Charter and Bylaws to act by written consent in lieu of a meeting of our stockholders. 

Limitation of Liability and Indemnification of
Officers and Directors 

Our Bylaws provide indemnification,
including advancement of expenses, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law to any person made or threatened to be made a
party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative
by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the company, or is or was serving at our request as a director
or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee
benefit plan. In addition, our Charter provides that our directors will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary
damages for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our shareholders, acted
in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized illegal dividends or redemptions or derived an improper personal
benefit from their action as directors. This provision does not limit or eliminate our rights or the rights of any stockholder to seek
nonmonetary relief such as an injunction or rescission in the event of a breach of a director s duty of care. In addition, this
provision does not limit the directors responsibilities under Delaware law or any other laws, such as the federal securities laws.
We have obtained insurance that insures our directors and officers against certain losses and which insures us against our obligations
to indemnify the directors and officers. We also have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and executive officers. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_scworx.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Timothy A. Hannibal, certify that: 

1. 
 I have
 reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SCWorx Corp.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this
 report; 

4. 
 I am responsible
 for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
 internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based
 on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
 of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Timothy A. Hannibal 

Timothy A. Hannibal 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_scworx.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Christopher J. Kohler, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K of SCWorx Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing
 and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
 over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based
 on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
 of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Christopher J. Kohler 

Christopher J. Kohler 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_scworx.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1 

Section
1350 CERTIFICATION 

In
connection with this Annual Report of SCWorx Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as
filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Timothy A. Hannibal, President
and Chief Operating Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained
 in the Report, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Timothy A. Hannibal 

Timothy A. Hannibal 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_scworx.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.2 

Section
1350 CERTIFICATION 

In
connection with this Annual Report of SCWorx Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as
filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Christopher J. Kohler, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained
 in the Report, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Christopher J. Kohler 

Christopher J. Kohler 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 worx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 worx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 worx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 worx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 worx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

