<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230525_10-K_edgar_data_895665_0001493152-23-019122.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16127152</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>774962</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2689075</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5931243</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2777304</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3511962</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-019122.hdr.sgml : 20230525
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230525170236
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-019122
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230525
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230525

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Clearday, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000895665
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-NURSING & PERSONAL CARE FACILITIES [8050]
		IRS NUMBER:				770158076
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21074
		FILM NUMBER:		23961849

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15511 W. STATE HWY 71
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110-105
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78738
		BUSINESS PHONE:		512-650-7775

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15511 W. STATE HWY 71
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110-105
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78738

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUPERCONDUCTOR TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940214

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-019122.txt : 20230525

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(d) 

 OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 

For
the transition period from _____________ to____________ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

OTCQX 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes or 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes or 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. or No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). or No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large, accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large, accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large,
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes or 

The
aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately 
as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter). The closing price of the
common stock on that date was 1.00 as reported by the OTCQX. For purposes of this determination, we excluded the shares of common
stock held by each officer and director and by each person who was known to us to own 10 or more of the outstanding common stock as
of June 30, 2021. The exclusion of shares owned by the aforementioned individuals and entities from this calculation does not
constitute an admission by any of such individuals or entities that he or it was or is an affiliate of ours. 

We
had approximately 
shares of common stock outstanding as of the close of business on April 30, 2023. 

CLEARDAY,
INC. 

 FORM
10-K ANNUAL REPORT 

 Year
Ended December 31, 2022 

Page 
 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS AND WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 
 1 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 27 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 27 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 29 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 31 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 39 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 39 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 39 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 40 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 41 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 41 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 41 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 48 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Securities Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 49 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 51 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 52 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 53 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 65 

References
in this Report to Clearday , Company , we , us include Clearday, Inc. and its
consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise expressly stated or the context indicates otherwise. 

The
mark Clearday is protected under applicable intellectual property laws. Solely for convenience, trademarks of Clearday
referred to in this Report may appear without the TM symbol, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way,
that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights to these trademarks and related intellectual property
rights. 

i 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We claim the protection of the safe harbor
contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for these forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements
relate to future events or our future performance and include, but are not limited to, statements concerning our business strategy, future
commercial revenues, market growth, capital requirements, new product introductions, expansion plans and the adequacy of our funding.
Other statements contained in this Report that are not historical facts are also forward-looking statements. We have tried, wherever
possible, to identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as anticipates, believes, can, 
 could, estimates expects, intends, may, plans, should, 
 seeks, will, would and other comparable terminology. 

We
caution investors that any forward-looking statements presented in this Report, or that we may make orally or in writing from time to
time, are based on the beliefs of, assumptions made by, and information currently available to, us. Such statements are based on assumptions
and the actual outcome will be affected by known and unknown risks, trends, uncertainties and factors that are beyond our control or
ability to predict. Although we believe that our assumptions are reasonable, they are not guarantees of future performance and some will
inevitably prove to be incorrect. As a result, our actual future results can be expected to differ from our expectations, and those differences
may be material. Accordingly, investors should use caution in relying on past forward-looking statements, which are based on known results
and trends at the time they are made, to anticipate future results or trends. 

Some
of the risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed
or implied by forward-looking statements include the following: 

Our
 limited cash and a history of losses; 

Our
 ability to fund our innovative care products and services, including our Longevity-tech platform and other products and services
 that are in development; 

The
 impact of any financing activity on the level of our stock price; 

The
 impact of any default by us of certain indebtedness and the exercise by the lenders of their respective remedies including the right
 to convert stock and exercise warrants at a price that is a discount to our trading price; 

The
 additional dilutive impact of any issuances of securities to raise capital, including any capital in anticipation and in advance of the Viveon Merger; 

The
 cost and uncertainty from compliance with environmental regulations and the regulations related to operating our memory care
 facilities and adult day care centers; 

The
 effect of pandemics and other public health related issues on our businesses, including actions or additional regulations by State
 and Federal governments; 

Local,
 regional, national and international economic conditions and events, and the impact they may have on us and our customers; 

The
 impact of inflation to our businesses, including increases in our labor costs and other costs we pay for goods and services; 

The
 impact of a shortage of workers in our industries and our ability to maintain costs while properly staffing our facilities; 

Increases
 in tort and insurance liability costs; 

Delays
 or nonpayment to us, including payments related to government or agency reimbursements; 

Our
 ability to pay our liabilities, including tax obligations; and 

Circumstances
 that adversely affect the ability of older adults or their families to pay for our services, such as economic downturns, weakening
 investment returns, higher levels of unemployment among our residents or potential residents family members, lower levels
 of consumer confidence, stock market volatility and/or changes in demographics. 

For
further discussion of these and other factors see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations and Risk Factors in this Report. 

This
Report and all subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly
qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. We do not undertake any obligation
to release publicly any revisions to our forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Report. 

1 

PART
I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 

Recent
Events 

We
shifted our business strategy to move from a facility-driven real estate business to a health technology company in order to capture
the massive unmet need caused by today s disconnected longevity-tech market. We provide technologies and innovative care
solutions to address the global aging crises. We have used our extensive experience in senior care, including owning and operating
high-performing residential care facilities in the most challenging senior care venues (Memory and Alzheimer s treatment), to
develop our purpose-built Longevity-tech platform for the 170 million Americans turning 50 by 2030. Our Longevity-tech platform
intentionally moves our focus from a facility-driven real estate business to a healthcare technologies business that is designed to
capture the massive unmet senior care need. We believe that the currently available longevity-tech solutions do not address this
significant market and that we are able to modernize the nearly 54,000 U.S. daily care, skilled nursing, and long-term care
facilities. 

We
began our investment in our residential care facilities under the Memory Care America brand in 2016. In 2019, we began to develop innovative
products and services to address the ongoing and worsening aging crises and developed our Clearday Club concept. In 2021 we began the
development of robotic services. During 2022, we advanced our robotic service applications, deployed robotic services in our residential
care facilities and began working with TRECS Institute. 

The TRECS Institute (TRECS) is
a non-profit organization dedicated to finding new and effective opportunities to better serve America s growing senior population
while reducing costs for our health care system. We believe that TRECS Executive Director, John Whitman, is a thought leader for transformational
technologies that may advance and elevate care and/or reduce costs and that our relationship with TRECS provides independent validation
of our Longevity-tech platform. During December, 2022, we and TRECS developed a strategy to use funds available through Civil Money Penalty
Reinvestment Programs (CMPRPs) that are available in all 50 states. A CMPRP is funded, in large part, by the appliable government agency
using Civil Money Penalties (CMPs) that are assessed against facilities for either the number of days or for each instance that such facility
is not in substantial compliance with one or more Medicare and Medicaid participation requirements for long-term care facilities. The
CMPRP funds are available through grant applications programs CMP Grants ). A facility may receive funds from a CMPRP if
the applicable CMP Grant is approved. During the first quarter of 2023, TRECS engaged in a nationwide effort to apply for CMP Grants,
in each state, to fund the investment of adding our robotic services and related digital services to facilities homes that will benefit
from increased quality assurance and improved performance. 

We
have recently begun marketing the following technologies that we developed in 2022: 

Our proprietary Longevity-tech
 platform including edutainment (content that is educational but has incidental entertainment to increase engagement and retention)
 and interactivity through our proprietary interactive content that is generally available on any digital device; 

Our proprietary B.E.S.T.
 (Behavior | Engagement | Stimulation | Temperament) test that is used to develop personalized care pathways; and 

Artificial intelligence
 (AI) enabled companion robotic services that include proprietary applications that enhance the user experience through proprietary
 digital engagement programs as well as movement analytics. 

2 

As
part of the implementation of this business strategy, we 

entered into a merger agreement
 Viveon Merger Agreement with Viveon Health Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation Viveon ), that
 is a special purpose acquisition corporation or SPAC and that has its shares of common stock listed on the NYSE American exchange;
 and 

exited from three of our four residential care facilities and limit our
financial investment in the capital-intensive residential memory care businesses by terminating our leases MC Facility Leases of these three facilities MC Facilities ). 

We
believe that shifting our business strategy will enable us to achieve profitability, provide greater value to our stockholders and
businesses and is one of the key reasons that Viveon chose to enter a business combination or deSPAC transaction (the Viveon
Merger with us at a valuation that is significantly greater than the value of our common stock market capitalization. The
total consideration to be paid at closing Viveon Merger Closing under the Merger Agreement (the Viveon Merger
Consideration by Viveon to Clearday security holders (and those who have the right to acquire our capital stock) is
significantly above our reported OTCQX market capitalization. The Viveon Merger Agreement provides for additional consideration of
5,000,000 shares of Viveon common stock, which has a value as of the Viveon Merger Closing of 50 million, that will be earned if we
achieve specified earnout milestones, including profitability for any 12-month period during the 5-year period after the Viveon
Merger Closing. The Viveon Merger is a stock for stock merger that is structured to not have any income tax recognition for Clearday
stockholders (and those who have the right to acquire our capital stock). We and Viveon have begun marketing to raise additional
capital to fund our innovative care businesses and our other obligations after the Viveon Merger Closing. Additional information
regarding the Viveon Merger was provided in our Current Report on Form 8-K that was filed on April 10, 2023. There
can be no assurance that the proposed Viveon Merger or any of the financing transactions will be consummated on the terms or
timeframe currently contemplated, or at all. 

In connection with the Viveon Merger we have solicited additional investment that would close prior the Viveon Merger
Closing or bridge financing and have received approximately
 344,200 prior to closing any such additional bridge financing, net of expenses and fees, and has advanced approximately 223,415 of such
amount to Viveon for their business expenses. 

We terminated the MC Facility Leases, which are all our leased memory care residential care facilities. These agreements
provide for the third party negotiated exit by us of our legacy memory care businesses at these facilities that had large operating expenses,
including lease payments, and incurred significant cash flow losses during 2022 that required us to incur indebtedness. Based on our 2022
operating results, we expect that the termination of these leases will save approximately 12.9 million of expenses, annually, or net
annual cash savings of at least 3.3 million. After the consummation of the lease terminations, we will continue to own and operate our
residential memory care facility located in Naples, Florida and our Adult Daycare center located in San Antonio, Texas. We will conduct
those businesses and expect to expand our businesses using our innovative Longevity-tech platform and additional adult day care and other
businesses. 

Terminating
the MC Facility Leases will remove, effective March 31, 2023, approximately 27,520,000 of liabilities related to the lease, as of December 31, 2022, and
approximately 22,991,000 of operating lease right-of use assets, which will result in a one-time increase of other income of approximately
 4,520,00, prior to the elimination of our net leasehold improvements and personal property in these facilities that is less than 250,000, as of December 31, 2022 and prior to the lease termination fee payable to the landlord. Additionally, the termination of the MC Facility Leases and our legacy memory care
businesses at these MC Facilities should significantly reduce the operating cash flow losses that we have incurred at these MC
Facilities enabling us to focus on our businesses that use our Longevity-tech platform that provide personalized care pathways;
artificial intelligence (AI) enabled companion robotic services that include proprietary applications to enhance a user experience
through proprietary digital engagement programs as well as movement analytics. 

As
part of our strategy, we continue to develop several marketing channels for our innovative care products and services, including through
our alliance with TRECS. We believe that our alliance with
TRECS which we have advanced during the first quarter of 2023, provides us a competitive advantage as a highly regarded thought leader
in the senior care industry, and supports and advocates for the adoption of our Longevity-tech platform by residential care facilities.
Under our alliance with TRECS, TRECS submits applications to state authorities for Civil Money Penalty Grants that may be used by skilled
nursing and other senior care facilities to fund the purchase or rental of our companion robots that include our digital care solutions.
We also continue to pursue other sales opportunities, including international sales. 

The Company believes that it can
expand its adult day care business that focuses on veterans, similar to its Primrose facility. We are actively looking for additional
locations and intend to use funds from any bridge financing or from the Viveon Merger to acquire, lease and open additional locations
in Central Texas. 

3 

General 

We
have developed a purpose-built longevity-tech platform that addresses the most pressing operational and care gaps in the longevity
care market: quality of care and revenue growth. Our Longevity-tech platform enables us to become a health-tech leader. We have
recently advanced the sales and marketing of our innovative care products and services that we developed since 2020, and that, we
believe, creates the future of care for aging populations everywhere. Our Longevity-tech platform leverages our longevity care
experience in the most challenging senior care venues (Memory and Alzheimer s treatment.) It provides our longevity-tech
solutions to the future generations whose comfort with technology, digital companionship, and virtual connections, we believe, will
become the standard for aging in place. 

We
began developing alternative care products and solutions in 2019 when we raised capital through the issuance of Alt Care Preferred
Stock and the Clearday OZ LP Interests, which we describe in Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities - Equity of Subsidiary - Non-Controlling Interest and developed
our proprietary adult day care model and digital delivery of care which digitized certain of our time-tested and proven treatments
and models, which extend people s capacity to age gracefully. We then engineered these solutions to be accessed seamlessly at
critical points of care through autonomous robotic services and other technologies. Our development efforts and Longevity-tech platform
focus on connecting people to solutions, treatments, and care they need, from their homes to full-time care facilities, so they may
age in the right place. This approach allows us to provide products and services to the multi-billion longevity care market
throughout the market continuum: at home, in a skilled nursing facility, or at a daily-care or full-time living facility and through
a full spectrum of solutions accessed through a digitally enabled environment where every interaction works to build a more
comprehensive understanding of their well-being, including Clearday TV screens, tablets, robots, wearables, and other
sensors. 

Our
Longevity-tech platform may capture various data required to make informed health decisions. Our care genome combines
the behavioral, engagement, stimulation, and temperament diagnostics necessary to maximize treatment efficacy. The B.E.S.T. test
framework enables us to monitor, interpret, and recommend changes to care. With this knowledge, an individual s care team,
family, and caregivers are empowered to make informed and wise decisions for their loved one s elder care. Our Longevity-tech
platform will enable a dedicated connection between families and communities that can provide new insights, monitoring, and
engagement opportunities through our numerous touchpoints, including live events and therapies, group calls, and management of OT/PT
and treatment adherence. 

During
2022 before we were able to launch the marketing sales phase of our Longevity-tech platform, we operated four residential care
facilities and a day care center that serve primarily older Americans and persons facing cognitive issues such as Alzheimer s
and other forms of dementia. These facilities were our centers of cognitive excellence in which we have developed new care models
that improve the experiences of our customers, their families, and our caregivers. 

Clearday
believes that: 

The
 U.S. elder care market is large and expected, by 2030, to have a global population over 50 years of age that: 

- 
 Has more than 1 billion people, globally, and 

- 
 Has more than 170 million people in the U.S. 

There is a significant caregiver shortage, and it is estimated that for every 43 positions, there is only one available
caregiver; 

There are a limited number of facilities that contributes to an expensive solution for seniors, with an estimated
3.5 million people over 65 spending more than 12 billion on care per month; 

Approximately
 16 million Americans provide unpaid care for people with Alzheimer s or other forms of dementia, which represents a significant
 number of people that could enter or return to the paid workforce if alternatives such as affordable adult day care were available; 

Approximately,
 7.2 million Americans today live with Alzheimer s disease or other forms of dementia, and it is expected that over the next
 20 years, the total number of those living with Alzheimer s disease or other forms of dementia in the U.S. is expected to approximately
 double from 7.2 million to nearly 13 million, with 8.5 million women and 4.5 million men; and 

More
 than 75 of the help provided to older adults in the United States is provided by family members, friends or other unpaid caregivers. 

Innovation
by Leveraging Technologies 

Our
technologies provide a combination of AI-enabled robotics and software, delivered in a Platform-as-a-Service as a drop-in modernization
solution for existing facilities that improves patient outcomes, increases staff efficiency, and unlocks premium revenue opportunities
for operators. We believe that providing our technologies through as a Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) provides senior care facility operators
an optimal path to more revenue, increased care quality, and lower overall costs: 

Our
PaaS structure provides advantages, including: 

Integrated
 services of hardware and software subscription for Companion Robotics, Digital Assessments, and Interactive Content. 

A format that makes it
 easy to buy and deploy sophisticated technologies as our technologies are delivered in a turn-key fashion to facilities with the
 opportunities of low-cost subsidized pricing through government or sponsored programs for qualified facilities. 

Relatively low friction
 to deploy with a typical deployment that should be less than 30 days with no material disruption to facility services or significant
 time for training. 

4 

Adult
Day Care Clearday Clubs 

We
acquired an adult day care center in San Antonio, Texas in May 2021, and plan to develop a Clearday Club adult day care at our San
Antonio headquarters building and develop a network of local, membership-based centers, which will provide to the older care market
a high-standard, technology-enabled care option that is significantly less expensive than long-term residential care alternatives.
Our Clearday Clubs adult day care will offer services through a monthly subscription and be characterized by welcoming facilities,
trained staff, and personalized care programs that may be tailored to individual member needs. Each of the Clearday Clubs will
utilize the proprietary format and programs, enabling Clearday to quickly and efficiently roll out or expand its Clearday Clubs at
an efficient standard cost per center. 

Our
San Antonio adult day care center primarily serves veterans who receive subsidies from the U.S. Veterans Department (the VA). During
the first quarter of 2023, we deployed our proprietary robotic services and other proprietary digital services at this center with
success. Shortly after our deployment, we were able to substantially increase our rate (more than double) and expect to be able
substantially scale our adult day care center business in Central Texas with centers that also primarily serve veterans. 

Clearday Clubs is
positioned by us to be an integral part of Clearday, building the complete care spectrum for older Americans enabling people to stay
in their homes longer and conserve their savings. Clearday believes that the adult day care centers will be able to provide many of the
full-day residential care services at a fraction of the cost. Clearday believes that current adult day care market participants include
many smaller local businesses that do not provide the level of technology-enabled care, proven programming, and best practices expertise
that will be provided by Clearday. 

Residential
Memory Care 

We
expect to continue to operate our Naples, Florida residential memory care facility. We have substantial experience in the residential
care business which we expect to continue to leverage to develop, deploy, and improve innovative care products and services. There are
26 diagnoses of dementia, including Alzheimer s disease. 25 of these diagnoses may be treated in a community setting and our residential
care communities treat each of these 25 diagnoses. We believe that our facilities are a leader in memory care, in part because during
2021 the facilities had a below industry average adverse behavior incidents and protected residents from the COVID-19 virus as evidenced
by that fact that the number of our residents that were hospitalized because of COVID-19 was below the industry average and there have
not been any resident deaths directly caused by this virus to March 31, 2022. Clearday s MCA executives have decades of experience
in the cognitive residential care treatment, including policies and procedures that protect older Americans. Our residential care communities
have provided us with a proprietary and extensive understanding of the non-acute care and wellness industry and serve as our foundation
for innovative care solutions, including the use of Clearday Restore, a proprietary, innovative, multi-sensory therapy tailored to the
needs of those with Alzheimer s and other forms of dementia or cognitive challenges that has contributed to decreased adverse incidents,
and robotics. We may selectively acquire other residential care facilities and are negotiating the acquisition of an assisted living
and an independent living facility, although there can be no assurance that we would acquire such facilities on terms that are acceptable
or at all. 

Clearday
Labs 

Clearday
Labs is a focus group of Clearday senior executives and advisors supported by a team of technology consultants. We have developed Clearday
Labs to continue to identify and develop modern innovative products and services to support older Americans ability to Age in the Right
Place. The Clearday Labs initiatives include the development of digital and robotic services in our Longevity-tech platform. We continue
our dedication to improving senior care services through ongoing innovation. 

Our
Strategy 

Clearday s
mission is to be a leading provider to the older care consumer market by providing more engaging and more affordable alternatives that
will: 

Allow
 people to Age in the Right Place; 

Leverage
 technology to enhance the customer experience and quality of product and service offerings, with a lower cost structure than is possible
 for legacy care service providers; 

Require
 less capital investment than traditional residential care facilities and other customary care services offerings targeted to older
 Americans; and 

Provide
 exemplary care to older Americans facing dementia and other lifestyle-limiting physical and cognitive issues. 

5 

We believe that our flywheel is the API for Aging in Place from facilities to the
home. Our flywheel illustrates our strategy using our Longevity-tech platform: 

We
have developed our strategy to provide the optimal combination of necessary solutions to provide innovative products and solutions in
the longevity care market. We believe that our solutions will deliver optimal and proactive care interventions to patients based on their
need, capacity to receive treatment, wherever they are most comfortable and allow us to develop the most continuous non-clinical data
repository centered on aging adults. 

Our
strategy provides an operator-centric approach and curated solution mix that enables sustainable and scalable business in a high margin
services industry. The advantages of our flywheel include: 

Cost
 benefits to the user. Our robots feature computer vision capabilities that continuously track patients, looking for changes
 in behavior or physical ability. 

Care
 Efficiency and Quality. In combination, our B.E.S.T. test and Care Pathways allow everyone to be scored and measured against a single
 baseline aligning future content and recommendations. 

Brand
 Building. Whether it s a TV, a mobile device, or a companion robot, our Longevity-tech platform allows us to bring care to the
 end user, with ease of use and high-touch experience for patients and operators. 

Outcomes
 and Retention. Our content is proven and delivers substantial benefits to people, delivering exercise, education, and
 entertainment that keeps people engaged. 

Additional
 Revenue Opportunities. We can recommend innovative treatments and provide remote monitoring and virtual visits. 

Inorganic
 Growth and Acquisitions. Each spoke of our flywheel has an ability to add new capabilities , including through
 building, buying, or partnering, that may bring in new revenue opportunities or cost take-out efficiency. 

Longitudinal
 Care Data. 

Interactions across our business flywheel aid in both real-time delivery
of interactions, and, over time, build out a complete picture of a patient s changing capacities. 

Competitive
Strengths 

We
believe that one of our competitive advantages is our almost two decades of knowledge as operators in the eldercare market, as well as our ability
to apply this understanding consistently across a diverse array of care delivery channels. Clearday believes that our competitive strengths
include that: 

Our PaaS structure and our Longevity-tech platform
 flywheel provide low-cost sophisticated technologies to facilities in a manner that m akes
 it easy to deploy with the opportunities of low-cost subsidized pricing through government or sponsored programs for qualified
 facilities and that make deployment efficient and low cost; 

Our
 executive management has extensive experience in operating long-term care assets with decades of knowledge in real estate, regulatory
 matters, and delivering care to customers and their families; 

We
 have two decades of knowledge in treating people challenged with cognitive issues and have developed proprietary therapies and services
 that improve the lives of people that are challenged with dementia or other cognitive issues; 

We
 have used our experiences to provide better training and a supportive caregiver experience which enables us to respond to significant
 industry wide staffing challenges; 

We
 can quickly and efficiently develop dynamic new virtual and other service and product offerings in response to emerging market
 demands, including an ability to innovate new care techniques and therapies and that continue Clearday s core strategy to offer
 a full spectrum of care in a manner that protects its customers from infectious diseases, including COVID-19; 

We
 can offer a more diverse, flexible, and affordable care spectrum; 

We
 have a proprietary design for the build out of leased space to promote a consistent look, feel, and service experience within its
 Clearday Clubs; 

We
 have an effective sales and marketing program led by a local San Antonio team that has already sold adult day care center services
 prior to the opening of any of the Clearday Clubs, which services are delivered at an affiliated residential care facility; 

Our
 senior executives enjoy an excellent reputation with the applicable state regulatory authorities and have decades of experience in
 caring for older Americans in the evolving regulatory environment; 

Our
 sales and marketing efforts are led by professionals with decades of successful sales leadership; and 

Our
 senior executives have a proven ability to continue care during pandemic and other emergencies, including the current COVID-19 pandemic,
 hurricanes, and other significant disruptions. 

Opportunity
Zone Fund 

Clearday
sponsored an opportunity fund that provided investors with the ability to utilize the significant tax advantages of investing in
designated qualified opportunity zones, within the meaning of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. This sponsored fund
acquired a 3-story medical office building located in San Antonio, Texas 78217 that is located on 0.84 acres and has approximately
22,265 rentable square feet. Clearday intends to use most of the ground floor for an adult day care center and for related
businesses including production of virtual programing. Some of the office space will be used for Clearday s initial medical
staff training and educational center that will further develop and offer Clearday s Technicians of Cognitive Care Program.
Space in this building is also intended to be used for Clearday s corporate headquarters. 

Competition 

We
operate in a highly competitive market. Our residential care facilities compete with numerous other senior living community operators,
as well as companies that provide senior living services, such as home healthcare companies and other real estate-based service providers.
Some of Clearday s competitors are larger and have greater financial resources than Clearday and some of Clearday s competitors
are not-for-profit entities that have endowment income and may not face the same financial pressures as Clearday. Also, in recent years,
a significant number of new senior living communities have been developed, and Clearday expects this increased development activity to
continue in the future. This activity has increased competitive pressures on Clearday, particularly in the geographic markets where Clearday
operates its residential care facilities. Additionally, some competitors of Clearday that operate in the same geographic market as some
of Clearday s residential care facilities have renegotiated their facility lease terms which provide a lower cost structure than
Clearday. Other participants that enter the longevity residential care market will have a similar cost advantage over Clearday. 

6 

The
adult day care market is generally a more fragmented market in the locations that Clearday has targeted and generally does not provide
the same level of tech enabled care and range of cognitive and relaxation therapies that will be offered by Clearday. There are several
larger firms in the adult day care markets that are targeted by Clearday and not for profit entities, as well as a range of alternatives
including social centers and religious institutions that provide some, but not all the services that will be provided by Clearday. 

Certain
of our products and services being developed in our Clearday Labs, including the use of robotic services, also face significant competition,
including by companies that may have greater resources, more widely accepted and innovative products and stronger name recognition than
we do. 

Clearday
addressed the competition in the home and residential care market by differentiating our facilities by, among other matters, quality
of services and use of innovative therapeutic services, including Clearday Restore our digital services and our development of robotic
based services. 

For
more information on our competitive pressures that we may face and associated risks, see Risk Factors . 

Government
Regulation 

Residential
Care and Adult Day Care Businesses 

The
senior living and healthcare industries are subject to extensive, frequently changing federal, state and local laws and regulations.
These laws and regulations vary by jurisdiction but may address, among other things, licensure of facilities and personnel, required
staffing ratios, the authority to provide various types of medical care, zoning and physical facility requirements, food safety,
emergency preparedness plan requirements, medical waste disposal requirements, government healthcare program participation
requirements, fraud and abuse prohibitions, requirement relating to reimbursement for services, recordkeeping requirements, resident
rights and prohibitions against abuse and neglect, confidentiality and security of personal information. Some states may also
require a certificate of need before a community may be opened or the services at an existing community may be expanded. These laws
and regulatory requirements impact Clearday s day-to-day operations and could affect Clearday s ability to expand its
facilities-based businesses into new markets and to expand our services and communities in existing markets. 

There
are various extremely complex federal and state laws governing a wide array of referrals, relationships, and arrangements and prohibiting
fraud by healthcare providers, including those in the senior living industry. Governmental agencies are devoting increasing attention
and resources to anti-fraud initiatives. Pertaining to Clearday s provision of services to veterans that are reimbursed through
benefits from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (the VA ), Clearday is subject to the federal False Claims Act that
prohibits anyone from presenting, or causing to be presented to the government, claims for payment that are false, fraudulent, or are
for items or services that were not provided as claimed. Either the government or a private individual acting on behalf of the government
may bring an action under the False Claims Act alleging that a healthcare provider has defrauded the government and seek treble damages
for false claims and the payment of additional monetary civil penalties. The False Claims Act allows a private individual with knowledge
of fraud to bring a claim on behalf of the federal government and earn a percentage of the federal government s recovery. As a
result of these financial incentives, these so-called whistleblower suits have become more frequent. Violation of the False
Claims Act may also result in loss of licensure, citations, sanctions, and other criminal or civil fines and penalties, the refund of
overpayments, payment suspensions, or termination of participation in Medicare and Medicaid programs, which may also trigger default
under debt and lease obligations. 

7 

Additionally,
Clearday is subject to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute AKS ), and certain state referral laws. The AKS makes it
unlawful for any person to offer or pay (or to solicit or receive) any remuneration. directly or indirectly, overtly or
covertly, in cash or in kind for referring or recommending for purchase any item or service which is eligible for payment
under a federal healthcare program, including VA benefits. A violation of the federal AKS is a felony and may also result in
criminal penalties and civil sanctions, including fines and possible exclusion from government reimbursement programs, which may
also cause default under debt and lease obligations The Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services OIG has published a number of safe harbor regulations that define practices that may technically
violate the AKS, but will not be subject to civil or criminal enforcement action. An arrangement that fails to fit within a safe
harbor is not necessarily per se illegal; the OIG will evaluate the facts and circumstances of arrangements on a case-by-case basis
to determine whether the arrangements involve illegal remuneration by one party to the other. Other than VA benefits, Clearday did
not generally receive reimbursement from Medicare or Medicaid or other governmental programs. 

Clearday s
compliance with many of the laws and regulations cited above is determined by inspection, survey and review by the applicable authority
on a periodic or other basis (e.g., complaint-based) as determined from time to time by the applicable authority. Many inspection deficiencies
are resolved through a plan of corrective action relating to the facility s cited deficiencies, but a reviewing agency may have
the authority to take further action against a licensed or certified facility that could result in fines, adverse licensure action (suspension,
revocation, probation), suspension or denial of admissions, loss of certification as a provider under federal and/or state reimbursement
programs, or imposition of other sanctions, including criminal penalties. Challenging and appealing allegations of noncompliance with
applicable laws and regulations requires the expenditure of significant legal fees and management attention. Any adverse determination
concerning any of Clearday s licenses, permits or eligibility to receive government-based reimbursement, any penalties, repayments
or other sanctions, and the increasing costs of required compliance with applicable laws may trigger default under debt or lease obligations,
and may negatively affect its financial condition and operations. Also, adverse findings regarding any single Clearday community
may have an adverse impact on Clearday s ability to obtain or maintain licenses at other locations and may have a material adverse
effect on marketing and Clearday s reputation. In addition, states Attorneys General vigorously enforce consumer protection
laws as those laws relate to the senior living industry. State Medicaid Fraud and Abuse Units may also investigate assisted living and
memory care communities even if the community or any of its residents do not receive federal or state funds. 

Clearday s
care businesses must comply with laws designed to protect the confidentiality and security of individually identifiable information.
Under the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, and the Health Information Technology for Economic
and Clinical Health Act, or the HITECH Act, Clearday must comply with rules adopted by HHS governing the privacy, security, use and disclosure
of individually identifiable information, including financial information and protected health information, or PHI, and with security
rules for electronic PHI. There may be both civil monetary penalties and criminal sanctions for noncompliance with these laws. Under
the HITECH Act, penalties for violation of certain provisions may be as high as 50,000 per violation for a maximum civil penalty of
 1.5 million per calendar year. In January 2013, HHS released the HIPAA Omnibus Rule, or the Omnibus Rule, which went into effect in
March 2013 and required compliance with most provisions by September 2013. The Omnibus Rule modified various privacy and security requirements,
including modifying the standard for providing breach notices. In addition to HIPAA, many states have enacted their own security and
privacy laws relating to individually identifiable information, including financial information and health information. In some states,
these laws are more burdensome than HIPAA. In instances in which the state provisions are more stringent than or differ from HIPAA, providers
must comply with both the applicable federal and state standards. Failure to comply with applicable federal or state standards could
subject Clearday to civil sanctions and criminal penalties, which could materially and adversely affect its business, financial condition
and results of operations. HIPAA enforcement efforts have increased considerably over the past few years, with HHS, through its Office
for Civil Rights, entering into several multi-million dollar HIPAA settlements in recent years. Finally, the Office for Civil Rights
and other regulatory bodies have become increasingly focused on cybersecurity risks, including the emerging threat of ransomware and
similar cyber-attacks. The increasing sophistication of cybersecurity threats presents challenges to the entire healthcare industry. 

Insurance 

Litigation
against senior living and healthcare companies continues to increase, and liability insurance costs continue to increase as a result.
In addition, Clearday s employee benefit costs, including health insurance and workers compensation insurance, generally
continue to increase. 

In
addition to existing government regulations, Clearday is subject to numerous property and hospitality regulations applicable to the other
segments of Clearday s business of non-core assets. 

8 

Human
Capital 

Number
of Employees 

As of December
31, 2022, Clearday had approximately 225 employees, substantially all of which were employed for the benefit of our residential care business
and our innovative care and wellness products and services. None of Clearday s employees are expected to be subject to a
collective bargaining agreement or represented by a labor union. After our termination of operations at certain of our facilities as
described in Recent Events we have approximately 60 employees. 

Human
Capital Definition and Scope 

Clearday
defines human capital as the resources that may be retained and deployed by Clearday to achieve its business strategies
and objectives by properly governing and managing: 

Clearday s
 longevity care and wellness businesses; 

The
 continued innovation of Clearday s businesses including our adult day care, digital services, robotics and related services; 

Clearday s
 general governance and administrative functions, including management of our financial capital and physical capital assets; and 

The
 liquidation and other monetization of our non-core assets held for disposition. 

Clearday
uses a combination of full-time employees and outsourced capabilities from independent contractors, including accounting and finance
professionals. 

Substantially
all Clearday s human capital are the employees of our residential care businesses. Our additional human capital includes our
executive teams and those who focus on our innovative care businesses. There are several levels of human capital at MCA, including: 

Senior
 management such as the President of MCA, each Executive Director of a facility, the head of education and training and the head of
 non-residential services; 

Program staff, including those that present at Clearday s digital
adult day care service through our Longevity-tech planform; 

Senior
 management and staff at Memory Care America residential facilities, including: 

Nursing
 professionals such as Registered Nurses, Licensed Vocational Nurses, and Licensed Practical Nurses; 

Certified
 Nursing Assistants and Certified Medication Aids 

Resident
 Assistants; 

Home
 Health Aids; 

Certified
 Medication Aids; and 

Other
 staff including housekeeping and food and beverage. 

Human
Capital Policy 

Clearday s human capital
policy is to promote a culture of mutual respect that is aligned and promotes the governance and management of Clearday s business
strategies and objectives with substantially all the senior executive functions performed by its employees with the additional use of
outsourced capabilities primarily when such consultants or professionals have significant and required expertise or when such use is expected
to be more efficient than full-time employees. Clearday believes that certain independent contractors will continue to be important to
innovate Clearday s business, including Thinktiv, our consultant that has been retained to provide services, including market and
competitive research, develop Clearday s Longevity-tech planform
and Clearday Club business models. Clearday will also retain other outside counsel and other professionals from time to time as we determine
appropriate. 

Material
Changes in Human Capital 

Clearday has retained professionals to strengthen its
financial, legal and administrative capabilities, including professionals responsible for timely reporting as a public company under
the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. From and after the fourth quarter of 2021, Clearday has increased its
human capital in its accounting and finance department to reduce our reliance on outside independent contractors and financial
consultants and reduce our administrative costs. 

9 

Clearday
has experienced an amount of executive turnover in its residential care business which Clearday believes is customary in the industry.
There has been turnover in our executive and financial reporting. Clearday believes that its turnover in our residential care business
is driven primarily by compensation available by other employers, including other residential care facilities, and the personal mental
demands of providing the highest quality of care with dedication to protecting the most vulnerable demographic, including those suffering
from dementia and other cognitive or physical limitations. 

Diversity 

Clearday
is committed to expanding the diversity of its human capital. In our residential care business, the management team, including its President,
is more than 60 women and more than 15 are minority. Our 4 independent Board directors include one woman, one minority and one elder
American. 

Clearday s
policies do not permit intolerant statements or actions, including those that are demeaning or prejudicial to persons of any nationality,
culture, ethnicity, race, sexual orientation, gender or gender identification, age, cognitive or physical limitation or other social
class. Violations or allegations of any violations may be directed to the Human Resources Executive, currently Clearday s Chief
Financial Officer, or Clearday s Chairman for appropriate investigation and resolution by appropriate action that may include termination
for cause. Clearday s policy is to enable the continued development and advancement of its employees through education, including
Clearday s Technicians of Cognitive Care program and reimbursement for continued professional education. In addition, the Company
offers sales and marketing seminars, including the seminars and coaching provided personally by Clearday s CEO. Of our residential
care business 5 Executive Director positions and its President, 3 (60 of these positions were filled by employee promotions. 

Human
Capital Evaluation 

Clearday
considers numerous factors in determining the compensation for, and the amount (number) of, its human capital that is required for the
proper administration and promotion of its business strategies and objectives, including Clearday s ability to promote Clearday s
vision for its services through the following set of key principles which we refer to as The Clearday Way: 

Provide Clearday s
customers with safe, positive community-based environments that increase their independence, social engagement, and overall
well-being. 

Deliver personalized
programming and therapies that prolong Clearday s members ability to live at home, rather than transitioning to
full-time residential care. 

Give 
Clearday s members families the comfort of knowing their loved ones are enjoying their days with Clearday, whether at
home, in a daily care Club, or in one of Clearday s living centers. 

Reduce 
economic anxiety for Clearday s members and their families by offering innovative new care options at a fraction of the price
of residential care. 

Create 
innovative work environments, empowering development programs, and a purpose-driven culture that attracts and retains the highest
quality caregiving staff. 

Compensation
includes wages, promotions, salary increases and bonus compensation and equity-based compensation that is believed by the Clearday Board
to promote the human capital processes and goals that are summarized above, in addition to customary industry metrics. 

Clearday
evaluates its human capital using several qualitative metrics and with customary employee performance metrics, such as on-time performance
and achievement of applicable assigned tasks. Clearday s senior management in the residential and non-residential care business,
such as Memory Care America and adult day care, also evaluate human capital based on an individual s dignity and respect for the
residents and clients and their dedication to energize and improve a resident s and client s quality of life, and adding
some fun and enjoyment in their day, as well as their compliance with Clearday s infectious control policies. 

Certain
Corporate Executive Officers 

Clearday has a smaller number
of Clearday executive officers that focus their time and attention to general administration and financial capital matters, including
Clearday s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, and its General Counsel and other executive officers including our
Executive Vice President Director of Real Estate Operations, and the President of our residential care business (the corporate
executives ). Compensation for the corporate executives is determined by the Clearday Board. In determining the compensation for
each corporate executive, Clearday considers, among other things, such officer s achievement of material business strategies and
objectives, including their: 

Accomplishments
 during the year compared to annual objectives; 

Support
 to line management in operations and innovations and other contributions to Clearday s human capital to achieve
 Clearday s business strategies and objectives; 

Contribution
 and improvement to Clearday s human capital culture; 

Identification
 and mitigation of risks to Clearday, its businesses and people; 

Ability
 for future development and undertaking or managing additional tasks; 

Background,
 training, education and experience; and 

Compensation
 of similarly situated executives in the San Antonio, Texas executive employment market. 

10 

Executive Compensation Philosophy and Process 

Clearday s compensation
has been established under the policies of the Clearday Board and is designed to help Clearday achieve its business strategies and objectives,
which include increasing, on a long-term basis, the value of Clearday by improving Clearday s financial and operating performance,
improving Clearday s competitive position within its industry, innovating and improving Clearday s care and wellness services
and products and managing risks facing Clearday. 

Individual
performance is an important factor in determining each element of compensation. Clearday s Board determines, and after this offering,
Clearday s Compensation Committee will determine: 

The executive officers that are considered a corporate executive; 

The cash annual and bonus compensation of Clearday s corporate executives; 

The amount and terms of equity incentive compensation of Clearday s
corporate executives; and 

All other compensation and benefits of Clearday s corporate executives. 

There
is no formulaic approach to such determinations and such determinations are made by the Clearday Board (and will be made by the Compensation
Committee) in their discretion. In exercising such discretion, the Clearday Board (or Compensation Committee) may rely on the benefit
of reports and information provided by counsel, accountants and other professionals, including compensation consultants. 

The compensation
is intended to further align the interests of the corporate executives with those of Clearday s stockholders. Equity compensation
is used to foster such alignment. Additionally, cash bonuses may be used when Clearday has achieved net cash flow that is not reinvested
in the businesses or used for distributions. 

The primary factor considered
by the Compensation Committee and the Board when determining discretionary compensation for the corporate executive is the historical
cash and equity compensation paid to such individual and to the other corporate executives with similar specific areas of expertise and
value to Clearday, and the likelihood that the Clearday could find a suitable replacement on a timely and cost-effective basis. 

In
addition to the consideration of the various factors described in the preceding paragraphs, the Clearday Board considers (and Compensation
Committee will consider) available compensation data for similarly situated companies or that possess size or other characteristics that
are similar to Clearday. 

Clearday
Compensation philosophy and procedures are intended to limit incentives for management to take excessive risk for short term benefit. 

Board
Members 

Clearday s
human capital policies include the policies regarding the nomination of members of the Clearday Board with identified particular qualifications,
attributes, skills and experience that are important to be represented on the Clearday Board as a whole and enable proper governance
and oversight aligned with stockholder interests. Some of the factors and related qualifications, attributes, skills and experience that
Clearday believes should be represented are: 

Factor

Qualifications,
 Attributes, Skills and Experience 

Understanding
 and overseeing the various risks determining appropriate policies and procedures to effectively manage those risks and determining
 the effectiveness of such policies and procedures. 

Risk
 oversight/management expertise. 

Service
 on other public company boards and committees. 

Operating
 business experience. 

Knowledge
 of the healthcare and longevity care and wellness industries and related factors impacting those industries. 

Understanding
 of, and work experience in, such industries. 

Familiarity
 with service-based industries. 

Experience
 in developing disruptive and innovative services and products that leverage technology. 

Ability
 to evaluate strategic direction considering current industry policy trends and expected regulatory changes. 

Experience
 at a strategic or policymaking level in a business, government, non-profit or academic organization of high standing. 

Commitment
 to serve on the Clearday Board over a period of years in order to develop knowledge about Clearday s business. 

Understanding
 of healthcare policy, trends and regulations and their impact on Clearday s business and strategic plans. 

Understanding
 of government regulatory processes. 

11 

Factor 
 
 Qualifications,
 Attributes, Skills and Experience 

Understanding
 of complex financial transactions. 

High
 level of financial literacy. 
 High
 level of education and analytic capabilities. 
 Familiarity
 with healthcare regulation trends and activity. 
 Management/leadership
 experience. 
 Knowledge
 of Clearday s historical business activities. 
 Familiarity
 with public capital markets. 
 Work
 experience. 
 Ability
 to work with counsel and financial professionals. 

Ability
 to meet frequently and, at times, on short notice. 

Sufficient
 time and availability to devote to Board and committee matters. 

Ability
 to assess if sufficient data and information has been made available for an informed and prudent decision. 

Diversity
 that can assess and integrate a range of views. 

Diversity. 

Independence
 from management. 

Independence
 under applicable standards, including SEC and applicable exchange standards. 

Facilities 

During 2022, we operated four residential care communities and one adult day care facility: 

Facility

Location 

Memory
 Care of Naples 
 
 Naples,
 Florida 

Memory
 Care of Westover Hills 
 
 San
 Antonio, Texas 

Memory
 Care of Little Rock at Good Shepherd 
 
 Little
 Rock, Arkansas 

Memory
 Care of New Braunfels 
 
 New
 Braunfels, Texas 

Primrose Adult Daycare# 
 
 San Antonio, Texas 

The Memory Care of Naples facility is owned. 

Leased facility. We have terminated each of these leases. See Recent Events. 

 # Our adult day care center is
in San Antonio, Texas in a leased facility. 

We also own our headquarters building
located at 8800 Village Drive, San Antonio, Texas. This building is a 3-story medical office building located on 0.84 acres and has approximately
22,265 rentable square feet. We intend to use most of the ground floor for an adult day care center and a retail location for products.
Some of the office space is used for Clearday s executive offices, its educational and production centers that develop content for
our Longevity-tech planform. 

Material Changes
in our Business 

We
were incorporated in Delaware on May 11, 1987. We engaged in businesses that focused on developing and commercializing high
temperature superconductor and certain cryocooler technologies, which we continue to use in our development of a cryogenic air
quality system. 

On
September 9, 2021, we closed a merger (the AIU Merger with Allied Integral United, Inc. AIU ). The AIU
Merger was described in the AIU Merger Registration Statement and our Form 10-K for the annual period ending December 31, 2021. In
2022 and 2023, we accelerated the development of our purpose-built Longevity-tech platform for the 170 million Americans turning 50
by 2030 and shifted our business strategy. Our Longevity-tech platform intentionally moves our focus from a facility-driven real
estate business to a healthcare technologies business that is designed to capture the massive unmet senior care need. We believe
that the currently available longevity-tech solutions do not address this significant market and that we are able to modernize the
nearly 40,000 U.S. daily care, skilled nursing, and long-term care facilities. 

At the end of the first quarter
of 2023, we entered into agreements to exit from three of our four residential care facilities and limit our financial investment in the
capital-intensive residential memory care businesses and terminate our leases MC Facility Leases of these three facilities MC Facilities ). On April 5, 2023, we entered into a merger agreement Viveon Merger Agreement with Viveon
Health Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation Viveon ), that is a special purpose acquisition corporation or SPAC and
that has its shares of common stock listed on the NYSE American exchange. See Recent Events. 

COVID-19 

On
March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19, which spread throughout the U.S. and the world, as
a pandemic and has had a significant impact on the global economy, resulting in rapidly changing market and economic conditions.
National and local governments around the world instituted certain measures, including travel bans, prohibitions on group events and
gatherings, shutdowns of certain non-essential businesses, curfews, shelter-in-place orders and recommendations to practice social
distancing. The governmental response includes additional protocols for the health and safety of residents and staff in the
Company s facilities. The outbreak and associated restrictions on travel that have been implemented have had a material
adverse impact on the Company s business and cash flow from operations, similar to many businesses. We have generally been
able to conduct our businesses with limited adverse effects resulting from COVID-19. However, there may be new strains of COVID and
the state health regulations regarding elder care facilities continue to restrict operations in the event COVID is present in a
residential care or adult day care facility. For example, during December 2022, we suspended operations in our San Antonio Adult
Daycare center for a couple of weeks in response to a COVID-19 outbreak and there continues an extensive regulatory environment
regarding COVID-19, including requirements for isolation of residents that are infected which may continue to increase operating
costs. 

Other
Assets and Investments 

We have sold certain assets that
are not related to our care-focused business. Such sales include the sale of hospitality assets and other real property assets, as described
in this Report under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

12 

Our
Proprietary Technology 

We have patents related to our Sapphire Cryocooler
technology: In July 2017, EU patent 2188495 (08797906.8) was granted, this patent follows the U.S. Patent granted by U.S. 8,607,560.
This patent is focused on METHOD FOR CENTERING RECIPROCATING BODIES AND STRUCTURES MANUFACTURED THEREWITH, related to our Sapphire Cryocooler.
We have used the Sapphire Cryocooler and related technologies as the basis for the development of our cryogenic air quality system. 

We enter into confidentiality
and non-disclosure agreements with our employees, suppliers and consultants to the extent that we believe it is appropriate to protect
our proprietary information. Our technologies that enable our digital services, including our Longevity-tech planform, are not subject
to patent protection. We have registered the mark Clearday with the United States Patent office for use in our businesses. 

Government
Contracts 

We do not have any material government
contracts, although we may seek government contracts for our cryo-pure air system. We receive reimbursements to veterans under a program
by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) which we intend to expand during 2023. 

Manufacturing 

We produce content for our Longevity-tech
planform and related digital services primarily from our production facilities located at 8800 Village Drive, Suite 106, San Antonio,
TX 78217. 

Backlog 

We had no commercial backlog at
December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

Research and
Development 

We have not spent any amounts
on research and development during 2022 or 2021. We have incurred expenses that are related to developing our innovative services and
products, including the content and technologies for our Longevity-tech planform. These are not classified as research and development
expenses under GAAP. 

Environmental
Matters 

Under
various federal, state, and local environmental laws, a current or previous owner or operator of real property, such as us, may be held
liable in certain circumstances for the costs of investigation, removal, or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances, including,
among others, petroleum and materials containing asbestos, that could be located on, in, at, or under a property, regardless of how such
materials came to be located there. Additionally, such an owner or operator of real property may incur costs relating to the release
of hazardous or toxic substances, including government fines and payments for personal injuries or damage to adjacent property. The cost
of any required investigation, remediation, removal, mitigation, compliance, fines, or personal or property damages and our liability
therefore could exceed the property s value and/or our assets value. The presence of such substances, or the failure to
properly dispose of or remediate the damage caused by such substances, may adversely affect our ability to sell such property, to attract
additional residents, retain existing residents, to borrow using such property as collateral, or to develop or redevelop such property.
Such laws impose liability for investigation, remediation, removal, and mitigation costs on persons who disposed of or arranged for the
disposal of hazardous substances at third-party sites. Such laws and regulations often impose liability without regard to whether the
owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence, release, or disposal of such substances as well as without regard to
whether such release or disposal followed law at the time it occurred. Moreover, the imposition of such liability upon
us could be joint and several, which means we could be required to pay for the cost of cleaning up contamination caused by others who
have become insolvent or otherwise judgment proof. We do not believe that we have incurred such liabilities that would have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow. 

Our
operations are subject to regulation under various federal, state, and local environmental laws, including those relating to: the handling,
storage, transportation, treatment, and disposal of medical waste products generated at our communities; identification and warning of
the presence of asbestos-containing materials in buildings, as well as removal of such materials; the presence of other substances in
the indoor environment; and protection of the environment and natural resources in connection with development or construction of our
properties. 

13 

Some
of our communities generate infectious or other hazardous medical waste due to the illness or physical condition of the residents, including,
for example, blood-contaminated bandages, swabs and other medical waste products, and incontinence products of those residents diagnosed
with an infectious disease. The management of infectious medical waste, including its handling, storage, transportation, treatment, and
disposal, is subject to regulation under various federal, state, and local environmental laws. These environmental laws set forth the
management requirements for such waste, as well as related permit, record-keeping, notice, and reporting obligations. Our communities 
engagement of waste management companies for the proper disposal of all infectious medical waste does not immunize us from alleged violations
of such medical waste laws for operations for which we are responsible even if carried out by such waste management companies, nor does
it immunize us from third-party claims for the cost to cleanup disposal sites at which such wastes have been disposed. Any finding that
we are not in compliance with environmental laws could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and
cash flow. 

Federal
regulations require building owners and those exercising control over a building s management to identify and warn, via signs and
labels, their employees and certain other employers operating in the building of potential hazards posed by workplace exposure to installed
asbestos-containing materials and potential asbestos-containing materials in their buildings. The regulations also set forth employee
training, record-keeping requirements, and sampling protocols pertaining to asbestos-containing materials and potential asbestos-containing
materials. Significant fines can be assessed for violation of these regulations. Building owners and those exercising control over a
building s management may be subject to an increased risk of personal injury lawsuits by workers and others exposed to asbestos-containing
materials and potential asbestos-containing materials. The regulations may affect the value of a building containing asbestos-containing
materials and potential asbestos-containing materials in which we have invested. Federal, state, and local laws and regulations also
govern the removal, encapsulation, disturbance, handling, and/or disposal of asbestos-containing materials and potential asbestos-containing
materials when such materials are in poor condition or in the event of construction, remodeling, renovation, or demolition of a building.
Such laws may impose liability for improper handling or a release to the environment of asbestos-containing materials and potential asbestos-containing
materials and may provide for fines to, and for third parties to seek recovery from, owners or operators of real properties for personal
injury or improper work exposure associated with asbestos-containing materials and potential asbestos-containing materials. 

The
presence of mold, lead-based paint, contaminants in drinking water, radon, and/or other substances at any of the communities we own or
may acquire may lead to the incurrence of costs for remediation, mitigation, or the implementation of an operations and maintenance plan.
Furthermore, the presence of mold, lead-based paint, contaminants in drinking water, radon, and/or other substances at any of the communities
we own or may acquire may present a risk that third parties will seek recovery from the owners, operators, or tenants of such properties
for personal injury or property damage. In some circumstances, areas affected by mold may be unusable for periods of time for repairs,
and even after successful remediation, the known prior presence of extensive mold could adversely affect the ability of a community to
retain or attract residents and could adversely affect a community s market value. 

We
believe that we are in material compliance with applicable environmental laws. We are unable to predict the future course of federal,
state, and local environmental regulation and legislation. Changes in the environmental regulatory framework (including legislative or
regulatory efforts designed to address climate change) could have a material adverse effect on our business. Because environmental laws
vary from state to state, expansion of our operations to states where we do not currently operate may subject us to additional restrictions
on the manner in which we operate our communities. We did not make any material capital expenditures in connection with environmental,
health, and safety laws, ordinances and regulations in 2022 or 2021. 

Corporate
Information 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 8800 Village Drive, San Antonio, TX 78217 and our telephone number is (210) 451-0839. We were
incorporated in Delaware on May 11, 1987. Additional information about us is available on our website at www.myclearday.com. The
information on our web site is not incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 

The
following section includes some of the material factors that may adversely affect our business and operations. This is not an exhaustive
list, and additional factors could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive
and rapidly changing environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all such risk factors,
nor can we assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may
cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. This discussion of risk factors includes
many forward-looking statements. For cautions about relying on such forward-looking statements, please refer to the section entitled
 Forward Looking Statements at the beginning of this Report immediately prior to Item 1. 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

We
have a history of losses and have received a going concern opinion from our auditors. 

We have experienced significant
net losses and negative cash flows from operations. In 2022, we incurred a net loss of approximately 14.4 million and had negative cash
flows from operations of approximately 4.7 million. In 2021, we incurred a net loss of 19.5 million and had negative cash flows
from operations of 2.6 million. Our independent registered public accounting firm has included in its audit reports an explanatory paragraph
expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We do not have sufficient cash resources from the net cash
flows of operations from our current businesses to sustain our operations for the next twelve months and will rely on the continued sale
of non-core assets, tax credits and related amounts, and raising capital through the sale of our securities. 

14 

Our
ability to protect our patents, service marks or other proprietary rights is uncertain, exposing us to possible losses of competitive
advantage. 

Our
efforts to protect our proprietary rights may not succeed in preventing infringement by others or ensure that these rights will
provide us with a competitive advantage. Pending patent applications by us or any of our joint venturers may not result in issued
patents and the validity of issued patents may be subject to challenge. Third parties may also be able to design around the patented
aspects of the products. Additionally, certain of the issued patents and patent applications are owned jointly with third parties.
Because any owner or co-owner of a patent can license its rights under jointly owned patents or applications, inventions made by us
jointly with others are not subject to our exclusive control. Any of these possible events could result in losses of competitive
advantage. 

Intellectual property infringement
claims against us could materially harm the results of operations. 

Our products and products that
we intend to provide such as robotic technologies, incorporate several technologies, including the technologies related to the Sapphire
Cryocooler and the cryogenic air quality system. Our patent positions and that of our joint venturers are uncertain and there is significant
risk that others, including our competitors or potential competitors, have obtained or will obtain patents relating to our products or
technologies or products or technologies planned to be introduced by us. 

We believe that patents may be
or have been issued, or applications may be pending, claiming various compositions of matter used in our products and products that we
intend to provide. We or our third-party joint venturers may need to secure one or more licenses for these patents. There can be no assurances
that such licenses could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. We or our third-party joint venturers may be required
to expend significant resources to develop alternatives that would not infringe such patents or to obtain licenses to the related technology.
We or our third-party joint venturers may not be able to successfully design around these patents or obtain licenses to them and may have
to defend ourselves at substantial cost against allegations of infringement of third-party patents or other rights to intellectual property.
In those circumstances, we could face significant liabilities and be forced to cease the use of key technology. 

Other
parties may have the right to utilize technology important to our business. 

We
and our third-party joint venturers utilize certain intellectual property rights under non-exclusive licenses or have granted to others
the right to utilize certain intellectual property rights licensed from a third party. Because we and our third-party joint venturers
may not have the exclusive rights to utilize such intellectual property, other parties may be able to compete with us, which may harm
our business. 

The
recent unprecedented events related to the COVID-19 pandemic and the Russo-Ukrainian War have caused significant market disruptions and
may have longer-term effects that Clearday cannot predict. 

The
recent unprecedented events related to the COVID-19 pandemic and the Russo-Ukrainian War as well as global security issues generally
have caused significant market disruptions and may have longer-term effects that Clearday cannot predict. The equity and other market
professionals continue to assess the consequences of such events and the extent and effectiveness of government responses, the responses
of the Federal Reserve Bank and other governmental and non-governmental organizations cannot be predicted. 

The residents of Clearday s
residential care communities and the clients, and expected clients, of our Longevity-tech planform and Clearday adult day care programs
are primarily older individuals with pre-existing conditions, including conditions that significantly compromise their immunity. The additional
procedures undertaken by our residential care and the adult day care businesses will likely result in reduced operating cash flow and
profit margins. Although Clearday has procedures that address infectious diseases and contamination in a community environment, Clearday
is not able to provide assurance that the communities will not be significant affected, including widespread contagion that could result
in a suspension or closing of a facility. Additionally, state or federal regulatory authorities may require, and industry groups may provide,
additional measures that could limit the number of individuals that may be treated at a facility, require additional staff or employees
or other measures that may require significant investment or operating cost. The additional costs have primarily resulted from regulatory
requirements to increase staff and provide quarantine areas. Additionally, during the initial stage of the COVID-19 pandemic, admissions
to Clearday s residential care facilities were suspended and adult day care centers were closed. 

During
such occasions, Clearday may experience a decline in clients. Further, depending on the severity of any occurrence, Clearday may be required
to incur costs to identify, contain and remedy the impacts of those occurrences at our residential care communities or adult day care
facilities. As a result, these occurrences could significantly adversely affect the results of operations. 

The
adult day care business has greater risks with respect to COVID-19 and other pandemics due to, among other reasons, that appropriate
regulatory agencies may close such businesses, limit the capacity of such businesses, or require additional procedures or capital expenditures
designed to protect customers that are costly. During the COVID-19 pandemic, many states closed adult day care centers for a period. 

15 

The
Russo-Ukrainian War has caused, or has contributed to, significant inflation, increased energy costs and worsened the supply chain disruption
in the U.S., each of which has contributed to increased costs for our operations which would worsen our operating results. We are not
able to determine the extent or the expected period for such disruptions or if any other and similar disruptions would occur or may
have greater adverse effect on our business or the U.S. economy in general. 

The
additional procedures and precautions undertaken by adult day care businesses in response to COVID-19 will likely result in reduced operating
cash flow and profit margins. 

Although
Clearday has procedures that address infectious diseases and contamination in a community environment, Clearday is not able to provide
assurance that the communities will not be significantly affected, including widespread contagion that could result in suspending or
closing a facility. Depending on the severity of any occurrence, Clearday may be required to incur costs to identify, contain and remedy
the impacts of those occurrences at residential care communities and our adult day care facilities. 

Additionally,
state or federal regulatory authorities may require, industry groups may provide or Clearday may otherwise determine that it would be
prudent, to implement certain additional measures and/or quarantine procedures that may require significant investment and/or operating
costs, such measures may include limiting the number of individuals that may be treated at a facility while requiring additional staff
to manage treatment during the COVID-19 pandemic. During this time, Clearday may also experience a decline in occupancy due to residents
terminating their agreements due to the uncertainty of COVID-19 and its effects on adult day care businesses and residential care facilities.
Such investments and increased costs may adversely affect Clearday s operations. The extent and duration of the impact of the COVID-19
pandemic on Clearday s overall business is uncertain, and our ability to raise capital could be impaired. 

Any
other severe cold and flu season, epidemics or any other widespread illnesses could adversely affect the occupancy of Clearday s
residential care communities and facilities. 

The
revenues of Clearday will be dependent in large part on the occupancy levels at our residential care communities and the members of the
Clearday Clubs and any other adult day care facility or other non-acute care and wellness center that will be owned or operated by Clearday.
Even if the disruption to the markets and facilities are not as pronounced as during the COVID-19 pandemic, there could be significant
reduction in Clearday s revenues and there could be government or other regulatory intervention that materially increase costs,
which would likely materially reduce the operating results of Clearday. 

Clearday s
non-acute care and wellness business has significant concentration in industry and geographic areas which exposes Clearday to changes
in market conditions in this industry and in those areas. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had
4 residential care facilities are in the Little Rock Arkansas area (1), Naples, Florida (1), and the San Antonio / Austin area of Texas
(2) and 1 adult day care center in San Antonio, Texas. In March and April of 2023, we entered into certain agreements to cease our operations
and terminate our leases with respect to the three residential care facilities in Little Rock Arkansas and Texas as we moved our business
strategy to a Longevity-tech platform. See Recent Events. We also expect to grow our adult day care business primarily
in specified markets, in Texas, initially in Central Texas. The services and products in our Longevity-tech planform are marketed nationally
and, to a lesser extent, to certain international markets. Revenues from such services and products are not, as of the date of this Report,
significant compared to the residential care and adult day care facility revenues during 2022. Accordingly, we will continue to have a
high concentration in select geographic markets. Additionally, our business will primarily be focused on the non-acute care businesses.
As a result of this industry and geographic concentrations, the conditions affecting older Americans and the of local economies and real
estate markets, changes in governmental rules and regulations, particularly with respect to senior citizens, acts of nature and other
factors that may result in a decrease in demand for our services in these areas could have an adverse effect on our revenues, results
of operations and cash flow. In addition, we will be particularly susceptible to revenue loss, cost increases or damage caused by severe
weather conditions or natural disasters such as hurricanes, wildfires, earthquakes or tornadoes in those areas. 

Circumstances
that adversely affect the ability of older adults or their families to pay Clearday for our adult day care services could cause our revenues
and results of operations to decline. 

Clearday
expects that payment for our adult day care services will be (1) private pay and not rely on government benefits, such as Medicare and
Medicaid, which are generally not available for such services, and (2) benefits or payments available to veterans through the United
States Department of Veterans Affairs. Clearday has currently priced the basic service fee for our adult day care centers at a monthly
amount that is generally expected to be less than the monthly payment benefits to retirees from the Social Security Administration and
Clearday expects that older adults that live with family members will have sufficient funds to pay such service fees and their other
household expenses. There can be no assurance that the expected service fee by Clearday will be at an amount that can be afforded by
Clearday s target market for our Clearday Clubs. Economic downturns, higher levels of unemployment among family members, lower
levels of consumer confidence, stock market volatility, increased inflation and/or changes in demographics, including the unprecedented
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect the ability of older adults to afford Clearday s expected adult day care
service fees and could result in decreased fees and revenues resulting in a decline of Clearday s estimated operating results as
many of the operating costs for an adult day care center will not vary in relation to a decrease in club members or revenues. 

16 

Clearday
may not be able to operate our business or implement the business strategies. 

Clearday
intends to develop and expand new businesses including in the areas of home care services and products and provide services or otherwise
have revenue from related services which may include retail sales of products including products that incorporate the technology of our
Sapphire Cryocooler, robotics and provide other care services. Clearday created Clearday Labs to evaluate such opportunities and other
strategies or business opportunities that Clearday believes would be complimentary to our existing businesses, specifically, our residential
care facilities and the digital service offering, and where Clearday may benefit from certain synergies in management and leverage of
assets. There can be no assurance, however, that Clearday will be able to implement our business strategy in a manner that realizes any
of our intended benefits, including that Clearday will be able to acquire, internally develop or enter into strategic alliances for intended
or prospective business lines. 

Clearday s
planned business and growth strategy may not yield anticipated returns, may result in disruptions to the business of, may strain management
resources and/or may be dilutive to Clearday s stockholders. 

Clearday s
business and growth strategies involve the development (by organic growth or, to a lesser extent, through acquisitions and joint ventures)
of businesses that are focused on tech-enabled non-acute care and wellness. In evaluating Clearday s business opportunities, Clearday
will make certain assumptions regarding the expected future performance and prospects. However, newly acquired businesses or investments
in businesses, or strategic alliances, may fail to perform as expected, and Clearday may not be able to manage those businesses in a
manner that meets our expectations. Clearday s acquisition activities may be subject to the following risks: 

Clearday
 businesses that are acquired or conducted through joint ventures do not realize the synergies that it expects and require substantially
 greater investment than it anticipated; 

Clearday may acquire or invest in businesses that realize net cash losses
initially and/or for a period that is longer than Clearday anticipated; 

If
 Clearday finances acquisitions or strategic alliances by incurring debt, Clearday s cash flow may be insufficient to meet the
 required principal and interest payments; 

Clearday
 may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions or strategic alliances, and as a result Clearday s results
 of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected; 

Operating
 expenses of an acquired business or a strategic alliance may exceed budgeted amounts; 

Management
 may be diverted from operations; and 

Clearday
 may be required to have management teams that are not proven or that do not, for any number of reasons, perform as expected. 

If
Clearday cannot operate our businesses or strategic alliances to meet our financial expectations, Clearday s financial condition,
results of operations, cash flow and per share trading price our Common Stock could be adversely affected. 

Clearday
may use its securities and/or the securities our subsidiaries as consideration in connection with our acquisition strategy which could
result in significant dilution to the relative ownership interest of holders of our capital stock prior to such acquisitions. 

In
addition, it is likely that Clearday will use its or a subsidiary s securities as consideration, in part or whole, for the purchase
of acquired businesses as part of our asset and business acquisition strategy. Such securities may carry rights or preferences different
from or superior to those of Clearday s common stock. Moreover, if such securities include Clearday s common stock or securities
senior to or Pari passu to or convertible or exchangeable into shares of Clearday s common stock, the relative ownership interest
of the holders of the Clearday s capital stock would be subject to dilution. 

Clearday s
strategy includes businesses that are in development or early stages and such strategies and businesses include additional venture stage
risks and there is no assurance that Clearday may be able to develop our businesses organically or through acquisitions. 

A fundamental strategy of Clearday
is the continued development of our Longevity-tech planform, Clearday Clubs, as well as related businesses, including other products and
services we expect to develop in our Clearday Labs. The products and services in our Longevity-tech planform do not have any material
revenues as of the date of this Report. Clearday Clubs has opened its initial location by the acquisition of an adult day care center
in San Antonio, Texas. Clearday s ability to successfully execute future development in accordance with our business plan, or at
all, will be impacted by a number of factors, including the ability to sell our remaining non-core assets, the availability of additional
financing, including additional equity financing, on terms acceptable to Clearday, the availability of government programs and reimbursements,
market trends, the ability to identify and execute business opportunities, including acquisitions that meet the parameters of the Clearday
business plan, and increased competition for sites for the expansion opportunities or acquisitions. The development and acquisitions of
future businesses may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and may require additional financial resources and attention from management.
Failure to identify suitable development or acquisition businesses, effectively execute the Clearday business strategy or operating difficulties
of businesses that Clearday may acquire in the future could have an adverse effect on Clearday s financial condition, results of
operations, cash flows and liquidity. 

17 

Clearday
will require additional capital and there is no assurance that any debt or equity financing will be available on acceptable terms, if
at all. 

To
the extent that Clearday develops its business through financing, including additional equity financing, there cannot be assurance that
financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all, or that Clearday may be able to satisfy the conditions precedent required
to secure borrowings or utilize credit facilities, which could reduce the number, or alter the type, of investments that Clearday would
make otherwise and the ability for it to expand its businesses. Any such limitation on such financing or sales of our remaining non-core
assets may reduce income. To the extent that financing proves to be unavailable when needed, Clearday may also be compelled to modify
our business strategy. Any failure to obtain financing or realize the sale of our remaining non-core assets or other assets may have
a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of Clearday s business. We do not have any binding agreement
with an investment banker to provide additional capital. There is no assurance that the public market conditions, the market acceptance
of Clearday, the price and volume of our common stock and other factors, will enable any such offering will be consummated on terms acceptable
to Clearday or that AGP or any other investment bank will then decide that it would then manage or participate in any such offering. 

If
Clearday fails to identify and quickly respond to changes and trends in non-acute care and wellness preferences, our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects will be adversely impacted. 

Clearday
expects to provide services to the non-acute care and wellness industry and expects the products and services to be subject to dynamic
changes. The needs and preferences of older adults have generally changed over the past several years, including preferences to reside
in their homes longer or permanently, as well as changes in services and offerings, including delivery of home healthcare services, utilization
of outpatient rehabilitation services and services that address their increasing desire to maintain active lifestyles. If Clearday fails
to identify such changes and quickly and successfully respond to such changes to deliver accepted products and services, then competitors
will be able to successfully penetrate the markets that Clearday will operate and Clearday will not be able to successfully grow or maintain
our businesses, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Our
debt leverage and financing arrangements that we may enter into may, under certain circumstances, contain restrictions and limitations
that could impact our ability to operate our business. 

Clearday
has incurred its long term and other debt, primarily, in connection with the financing of (1) long term assets that are now held for
sale, and (2) the financing of the residential care facility in Naples, Florida and its operations and (3) other loans that have funded
our operations. The indebtedness of Clearday may have the effect, among other things, of reducing the flexibility of Clearday to respond
to changing business and economic conditions, requiring us to use increased amounts of cash flow to service indebtedness and increasing
our borrowing costs. 

The
remaining non-care assets may not have the net realizable value that is estimated. 

Clearday
intends to sell or otherwise dispose of our remaining non-care assets to raise additional funds for our tech-enabled non-acute care
businesses. We do not expect to make additional
investments in any of these remaining assets to be able to reposition the asset to achieve their highest or best use or otherwise
achieve a better value. Further, certain of our remaining non-core assets may require additional investment to maintain, such as
replacement or repairs, and deferring maintenance and other related costs could decrease the net realizable value of our remaining
non-core assets. There can be no assurance that the value of our remaining non-core assets will be able to be sold for the net
realizable value that is estimated or the amount that such assets are in the financial statements of Clearday. 

Operators
of senior care facilities must comply with the rules and regulations of governmental reimbursement programs and certification requirements,
fraud and abuse regulations and are subject to new legislative developments. 

Our
care businesses are highly regulated by federal, state and local licensing requirements, facility inspections, reimbursement policies,
regulations concerning capital and other expenditures, certification requirements and other laws, regulations and rules. Any failure
to comply with such laws, requirements and regulations could affect Clearday s ability to operate the facilities that Clearday
owns or operates. Healthcare operators are subject to federal and state laws and regulations that govern financial and other arrangements
between healthcare providers. These laws prohibit certain direct and indirect payments or fee-splitting arrangements between healthcare
providers that are designed to induce or encourage the referral of patients to, or the recommendation of, a particular provider for medical
products and services. They also require compliance with a variety of safety, health, staffing and other requirements relating to the
design and conditions of the licensed facility and quality of care provided. 

18 

These
regulations may also enable the regulatory agency to place liens on properties. Possible sanctions for violation of these laws and
regulations include loss of licensure or certification, the imposition of civil monetary and criminal penalties, and potential
exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. The failure of Clearday to comply with these rules or regulations could have an
adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

In
addition, this area of the law currently is subject to intense scrutiny. Additional laws and regulations may be enacted or adopted that
could require changes in the design of the properties and its joint venture s operations and thus increase the costs of these operations. 

Private
third-party payers continue to try to reduce healthcare costs. 

Private
third-party payers such as insurance companies continue their efforts to control healthcare costs through direct contracts with healthcare
providers, increased utilization review practices and greater enrollment in managed care programs and preferred provider organizations.
These third-party payers increasingly demand discounted fee structures and the assumption by healthcare providers of all or a portion
of the financial risk. These efforts of third-party payers to limit the amount of payments that Clearday or others may receive for healthcare
services could adversely affect Clearday and would adversely affect Clearday even if such insurance policies do not cover residential
or non-residential care facilities that Clearday will operate as the total household cash flow would be reduced and there would be less
funds available for Clearday s services. At the same time, as a result of competitive pressures, Clearday s ability to maintain
operating margins through price increases to private pay options may be limited. 

Healthcare
policy changes, including proposals to reform the U.S. healthcare system, may harm the Clearday s future business. 

Healthcare
costs have risen significantly over the past decade. There have been and continue to be proposals by legislators, regulators and third-party
payors to keep these costs down. Clearday is unable to assess with certainty the extent of governmental requirements and regulations
that will apply to Clearday s care and wellness businesses. See Business Government Regulation - Residential Care
and Adult Day Care Businesses. The regulations that affect our operations are subject to changes. In addition, these regulations
and other ongoing initiatives in the United States have increased and will continue to increase pressure on pricing and operations of
residential and non-residential care facilities. The announcement or adoption of any government initiative could have an adverse effect
on potential revenues from any product that Clearday may successfully develop. Moreover, additional legislative or regulatory changes
remain possible and appear likely. Various healthcare reform proposals have also emerged at the state level. Clearday cannot predict
what healthcare initiatives, if any, will be implemented at the federal or state level, or the effect any future legislation or regulation
will have on Clearday. However, an expansion in government s role in the U.S. healthcare industry may lower the revenues for future
products and adversely affect Clearday s future business, possibly materially. 

Clearday
is unable to determine the effect of the amount of wage increases that are expected with labor shortages and any regulatory changes effected
by the administration of President Biden, including regulations regarding minimum wages and benefits. 

The care industry, and businesses
in general, have experienced, and may continue to experience, significant labor shortages, particularly for caregivers. Clearday will
continue to compete with other residential care community and day care operators, among others, to attract and retain qualified personnel
responsible for the day-to-day operations of Clearday s current and planned care and wellness businesses. The market for qualified
staff, including professional staff such as nurses, therapists and other healthcare professionals, is highly competitive, and periodic
or geographic area shortages of such healthcare professionals may require us to increase the wages and benefits that we offer to our employees
in order to attract and retain such personnel or to utilize temporary personnel at an increased cost. Additionally, any shortages of staff
may require us to retain per diem employees and incur overtime, each of which would increase our wage and benefit expenses. In addition,
employee benefit costs, including health insurance and workers compensation insurance costs, have materially increased in recent
years and Clearday cannot predict the future impact of the Healthcare Reform Act, or any other future healthcare legislation, on the cost
of employee health insurance. Increasing employee health insurance and workers compensation insurance costs may materially and
adversely affect our earnings. From time-to-time labor unions may attempt to organize Clearday s employees. If Clearday s
employees were to unionize, it could result in business interruptions, work stoppages, the degradation of service levels due to work rules,
or increased operating expenses that may adversely affect the results of operations. One of the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic
is a significant shortage of employees for many industries, including our residential care industry. Additionally, many states have increased
the minimum hourly wage for employees, including Florida and Arkansas. The labor shortage has increased wage pressure and is likely to
increase our wage and benefit expenses. 

Clearday
cannot be sure that labor costs will not increase or that any increases will be recovered by corresponding increases in the rates that
Clearday will charge to our clients or otherwise. Any significant failure by us to control labor costs or to pass any increases on to
clients through rate increases could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further,
increased costs charged to Clearday s clients may reduce Clearday s occupancy and growth and related revenues. 

Additionally,
healthcare and elder care are important political issues. President Biden has used, and may continue to use, executive orders to achieve
policy goals and objectives. In addition, such policy goals and objectives may be realized through legislation that is sponsored or otherwise
supported by President Biden s administration. Clearday is unable to assess the consequences of improvements to the healthcare
systems and that may be realized by such actions, including any effect of increased costs or taxes. 

19 

The
planned adult day care business may require Clearday to make significant capital expenditures to maintain and improve care
centers. 

Clearday s
planned adult day care and clinics and related facilities may require from time-to-time significant expenditures to address required
ongoing maintenance or to make them more attractive to Clearday s clients. Physical characteristics of facilities are mandated
by various government authorities; changes in these regulations may require Clearday to make significant expenditures. Supply chain issues
and building material shortages have increased, and may continue to increase, construction costs, including the costs for expected leasehold
improvements. In addition, Clearday may often be required to make significant capital expenditures when Clearday acquires, leases or
manages new facilities. Clearday s available financial resources may be insufficient to fund these expenditures. Clearday may be
unable to pay increased rent at any facility without experiencing losses. 

Because
the AIU Merger resulted in an ownership change under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code Clearday, Clearday s pre-AIU Merger
NOL carryforwards and certain other tax attributes are subject to limitations. 

We
underwent an ownership change within the meaning of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code Section 382 ),
the corporation s NOL carryforwards and certain other tax attributes arising before the ownership change are subject to limitations
on use after the ownership change. In general, an ownership change occurs if there is a cumulative change in the corporation s
equity ownership by certain stockholders that exceeds fifty percentage points over a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply
under state tax laws. Our NOL carryforwards and certain other tax attributes will be subject to limitations (or disallowance) on their
use. Section 382 limitation will cause a significant portion of Clearday s pre-AIU Merger net operating loss carryforwards
to never be utilized. In addition, if Clearday is determined to have discontinued its historic pre-AIU Merger business following the
AIU Merger, subject to certain exceptions, the Section 382 limitation could eliminate all possibility of utilizing Clearday s pre-AIU
Merger NOL carryforwards. Additional ownership changes in the future could result in additional limitations on Clearday s NOL carryforwards.
Consequently, even if we achieve profitability, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of the NOL carryforwards and other tax
attributes, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow and results of operations. 

Clearday has a limited history
of operations, and our Longevity-tech planform and Clearday Care adult day care businesses are each an emerging business that will expose
us to the risks and uncertainties associated with operating and growing an emerging business within an emerging industry. 

Each
of the innovative care solutions and the adult day care and robotic businesses to be conducted by us is significant to our growth opportunities
and plans. These businesses include the virtual day care business and the adult day care services through physical locations and the
sale of robots. Clearday does not have any material operational history in such businesses by which potential investors can evaluate
our past performance and likelihood of success. As of the date of this Report, we have only one adult day care business do not have any
centers that use our proprietary Clearday Clubs format or any revenue from our robotic business. The financial position and results of
operations of Clearday, including our most recent financial statements included in this Report, are not indicative of the tech-enabled
non-acute care businesses that we intend to pursue. Such Clearday businesses do not have any earnings history for investors to estimate
our future level of sales or profitability or whether Clearday will in fact have sales or profitability. As a result of such industry
and geographic focus, the conditions affecting older Americans as well as the local economies and real estate markets in such geographic
areas and other factors that may result in a decrease in demand for our services in these areas could have an adverse effect on Clearday s
revenues, results of operations and cash flow. A core component of our strategy is the development and expansion of our tech-enabled
non-acute care businesses. Our ability to successfully execute future development in accordance with our business plan, or at all, will
be impacted by a number of factors, including the ability to sell our remaining non-core assets, the availability of financing on terms
acceptable to us, market trends, the ability to identify and execute business opportunities (including acquisitions that meet the parameters
of the Clearday business plan), and increased competition for sites for the expansion opportunities or acquisitions. Any such limitation
on any such financing or sale of the remaining non-core assets may reduce income. 

If
Clearday fails to identify such changes and quickly and successfully respond to such changes to deliver accepted products and services,
then competitors will be able to successfully penetrate the markets in which Clearday operates which may limit Clearday s ability
to successfully grow and/or maintain our businesses, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects. 

Clearday
incurred substantial expenses related to the completion of the AIU Merger. 

Clearday incurred substantial
expenses in connection with the completion of the September 9, 2021 AIU Merger. Most of these costs were non-recurring expenses, including
a substantial fee payable to AGP and legal and other professional fees and expenses and insurance expenses, and the fees related to the
registration and issuance of the common stock issued in connection with such AIU Merger. Clearday does not have excess cash flows from
its existing businesses to fund the payment of such additional expenses and will require revenues from its innovative businesses or the
ability to raise capital through the sale of securities. There can be no assurance that we are able to raise additional funds through
the sale of its securities on terms that are acceptable or at all. 

20 

Risks
Related to Our Capital Structure 

Our
stock price is volatile. 

The
market price of our common stock has been, and is expected to be, subject to significant volatility. The value of our common stock may
decline regardless of our operating performance or prospects. Factors affecting our market price include: 

liquidity
 and volume in the trading of our common stock; 

market
 perception as to our ability to develop and launch our innovative care products and services; 

our
 perceived prospects and liquidity, including our ability to sell non-core assets; 

our
 perceived ability to sell products and services directly to the residents in our residential care facilities and otherwise expand
 our revenues from current fees from our residential care business; 

variations
 in our operating results and whether we have achieved key business targets; 

changes
 in, or our failure to meet, earnings estimates; 

changes
 in securities analysts buy/sell recommendations; 

differences
 between our reported results and those expected by investors and securities analysts; 

announcements
 of new contracts by us or our competitors; 

market
 reaction to any acquisitions, joint ventures or strategic investments announced by us or our competitors; 

general
 economic, political or stock market conditions; and 

the
 impact of inflation on our operations, including our ability to control costs, including labor, food, and energy expenses. 

Recent
events have caused stock prices for many companies, including ours, to fluctuate in ways unrelated or disproportionate to their operating
performance. The general economic, political and stock market conditions that may affect the market price of our common stock are beyond
our control. The market price of our common stock at any particular time may not remain the market price in the future. 

We
have a significant number of outstanding warrants and options and convertible securities, and future sales of the shares obtained upon
exercise of these options, warrants and convertible securities could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 

warrants that are currently exercisable to purchase up to approximately
5,112,320 shares of our common stock at a weighted average exercise price of approximately 6.88 per share, including warrants issued
during 2023 to our lenders to purchase up to 1,076,000 shares of our common stock at a weighted average exercise price of approximately
 0.75 per share, 

securities that have been
 issued by our subsidiaries with an accrued amount equal to approximately 17,172,025 which may be exchanged for shares of our common
 stock at a price that is equal to the volume weighted average price of our common stock for 20 days prior to the date of such exchange,
 and 

Series
 F Preferred Stock that may be converted into approximately 12,038,095 shares of our common stock. 

an aggregate amount of 2,506,500 additional warrants that may be exercised by lenders upon the event of default of
their loans at an average aggregate price per share of approximately 0.61. 

The holders may sell these shares
in the public markets from time to time under a registration statement or, after the applicable six-month holding period is satisfied,
under Rule 144, without limitations on the timing, amount or method of sale. 

Additionally, we have issued to
certain lenders an aggregate amount of approximately 965,000 of senior notes and warrants to purchase an aggregate amount of approximately
1,372,500 shares of our common stock. These notes and warrants may be converted or exercised upon an event of default under such notes. 

The holders of such convertible or exchangeable for our shares of common stock may exercise
such rights sell a large number of shares of our comment stock, which would likely cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

Our
corporate governance structure may prevent our acquisition by another company at a premium over the public trading price of our shares. 

It
is possible that the acquisition of most of our outstanding voting stock by another company could result in our stockholders
receiving a premium over the public trading price for our shares. Provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation and our
amended and restated bylaws, each as amended, and of Delaware corporate law could delay or make more difficult an acquisition of our
company by merger, tender offer or proxy contest, even if it would create an immediate benefit to our stockholders. For example, our
restated certificate of incorporation does not permit stockholders to act by written consent, and our bylaws generally require
ninety days advance notice of any matters to be brought before the stockholders at an annual or special meeting. 

In addition, our board of directors
has the authority to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the terms, rights and preferences of this preferred stock, including
voting rights of those shares, without any further vote or action by the stockholders and while we are not listed on an exchange such
as the NYSE American, we can issue a significant number of voting shares and voting power without stockholder approval. The rights of the holders of
common stock may be subordinate to, and adversely affected by, the rights of holders of preferred stock that may be issued in the future.
The issuance of preferred stock could also make it more difficult for a third party to acquire most of our outstanding voting stock, even
at a premium over our public trading price. 

Furthermore, our certificate of
incorporation also provides for a classified board of directors with directors divided into three classes serving staggered terms. These
provisions may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of us without action by our stockholders and, therefore,
could adversely affect the price of our stock or the possibility of the sale of shares to an acquiring person. 

21 

We
do not anticipate declaring any cash dividends on our common stock. 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not plan to pay any cash dividends in the near future. Our current
policy is to retain all funds and earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business. 

General
Risk Factors 

The
price of Clearday s common stock may decrease. 

The
market price of the Clearday s common stock may decline as a result of a few reasons, including if: 

the
 planned development and expansion by Clearday of the adult day care business or digital services or other innovative products and
 services is delayed or not successful; or 

Clearday s
 business and prospects are not consistent with the expectations of financial or industry analysts. 

Our
ability to protect our patents and other proprietary rights is uncertain, exposing us to possible losses of competitive advantage. 

Our
efforts to protect our proprietary rights may not succeed in preventing infringement by others or ensure that these rights will
provide us with a competitive advantage. Pending patent applications may not result in issued patents and the validity of issued
patents may be subject to challenge. Third parties may also be able to design around the patented aspects of the products or design
around our copyrights, including the coding for our digital services. Additionally, certain of the issued patents and patent
applications are owned jointly with third parties. Because any owner or co-owner of a patent can license its rights under jointly
owned patents or applications, inventions made by us jointly with others are not subject to our exclusive control. Any of these
possible events could result in losses of competitive advantage. 

We
depend on specific patents and licenses to technologies, and it will likely need additional technologies in the future that it may not
be able to obtain. 

We
utilize technologies under licenses of patents from others for certain of our products. These patents may be subject to challenge, which
may result in significant litigation expenses (which may or may not be recoverable against future royalty obligations). Additionally,
we may be required to utilize intellectual property rights owned by others, including patents developed by a third-party engineering
firm for the cryogenic air quality system, and may seek licenses to do so. Such licenses may not be obtainable on commercially reasonable
terms, or at all. It is also possible that Clearday may inadvertently utilize intellectual property rights held by others, which could
result in substantial claims. 

Other
parties may have the right to utilize technology important to our business. 

We
utilize certain intellectual property rights under non-exclusive licenses or have granted to others the right to utilize certain intellectual
property rights licensed from a third party. Because we may not have the exclusive rights to utilize such intellectual property, other
parties may be able to compete with us, which may harm our business. 

We
will face significant competition. 

We
will compete with numerous care and wellness companies, including developers, owners and operators of residential and non-residential
facilities, many of which own or operate facilities that are like Clearday s current and planned facilities in the same markets
in which we are, or will be located. Clearday competes with numerous other managers and operators of care and wellness businesses that
are focused on the non-acute care market, including adult day care centers and products that compete with products that will be distributed
by Clearday. Some of Clearday s competitors are larger and have greater financial resources than us and some of our competitors
are not for profit entities which have endowment income and may not face the same financial pressures as us. We cannot be sure that we
will be able to attract enough clients or residents at rates that will generate acceptable returns or that we will be
able to attract employees and keep wages and other employee benefits, insurance costs and other operating expenses at levels which will
allow us to compete successfully and operate profitably. 

Clearday s
competition may also be from senior housing, senior healthcare, home healthcare, medical and healthcare providers and technology
companies that expand their services or otherwise provide comparable services or utilize tech-enabled products and services that
Clearday will utilize. Any such company or combination of companies may have referral or strategic relationships that reduce the
number of consumers that would otherwise use Clearday s products or services. In recent years, a significant number of new
senior age communities and services have been developed and continue to be developed. Accordingly, Clearday expects to have
increased competitive pressures, particularly in certain geographic markets where Clearday s intends to operate our care
services. These competitive challenges may prevent Clearday from establishing, maintaining or improving revenues, which may
adversely affect Clearday. 

22 

Our
Longevity-tech platform may innovate and disrupt the way that care services are delivered. Other technologies may be in development
and may soon be in the market that will compete with our Longevity-tech platform including those that may have more advanced
technologies or automated intelligence capabilities than our Longevity-tech platform. The companies that are developing such
technologies may work with multi-national companies that have significantly greater resources than us, including distribution and
marketing and other services that compliment and improve the services deliverable through our Longevity-tech platform. 

Federal,
state and local employment related laws and regulations could increase Clearday s cost of doing business, and Clearday may fail
to comply with such laws and regulations. 

Clearday s
operations are subject to a variety of federal, state and local employment related laws and regulations, including, but not limited to,
the U.S. Fair Labor Standards Act, which governs matters such as minimum wages, the Family and Medical Leave Act, overtime pay, compensable
time, recordkeeping and other working conditions, and a variety of similar laws that govern these and other employment related matters.
Because labor represents (and will represent) a significant portion of Clearday s ordinary operating expenses from its care and
wellness businesses, compliance with these evolving laws and regulations could substantially increase Clearday s cost of doing
business, while failure to do so could subject Clearday to significant back pay awards, fines and lawsuits. Clearday s failures
to comply with federal, state and local employment related laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

The
US federal minimum wage increases in five steps over five years ending with a 15 minimum wage in 2025, with an automatic increase in
line with changes in the median hourly wage in the economy. Certain states have increased the minimum wage to 15 per hour. Additionally,
we have received benefits of the Employee Retention Credits under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act)
which have ended during 2021 This and other labor related actions have increased the cost of our operating expenses. The extent of such
actions cannot be predicted with any certainty. 

Clearday
may fail to comply with laws governing the privacy and security of personal information, including relating to health information. 

Clearday
will be required to comply with federal and state laws governing the privacy, security, use and disclosure of personally identifiable
information and protected health information. State laws also govern protected health information, and rules regarding state privacy
rights. Other federal and state laws govern the privacy of other personally identifiable information. If Clearday fails to comply with
applicable federal or state standards, then we could be subject to civil sanctions and criminal penalties, which could materially and
adversely affect Clearday s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Clearday
will continue to incur costs and demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies. 

Clearday
will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses, including costs associated with public company reporting requirements.
Clearday will also incur costs associated with corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
as well as rules implemented by the SEC and any exchange that Clearday may have its common stock listed. These rules and regulations
are expected to increase Clearday s legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and
costly. The executive officers of Clearday will continue to need to devote substantial time to gaining expertise regarding operations
as a public company and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. These rules and regulations also have made it expensive for
Clearday to obtain directors and officers liability insurance. As a result, it may be more difficult for Clearday to attract
and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as our executive officers, which may adversely affect investor
confidence in Clearday and could cause our business or stock price to suffer. 

Clearday
may become subject to litigation, which could have an adverse effect on its performance. 

Clearday
may from time to time become subject to litigation, including claims relating to our residential care and other operations. Clearday s
planned businesses include the continuation of our residential care facilities, adult day care and our planned in-home care which are
businesses that are regulated and have a high risk for plaintiff actions. Some of these claims may result in significant defense costs
and potentially significant judgments against us, some of which are not, or cannot be, insured against. Clearday generally intends to
vigorously defend itself; however, we cannot be certain of the ultimate outcomes of any claims that may arise in the future. Resolution
of these types of matters against the us may result in Clearday having to pay significant fines, judgments, or settlements, which, if
uninsured, or if the fines, judgments, and settlements exceed insured levels, could adversely impact Clearday s earnings and cash
flows, thereby having an adverse effect on Clearday s financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and per share trading
price of our common stock. Certain litigation or the resolution of certain litigation may affect the availability or cost of some of
our insurance coverage, which could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows, expose us to increased risks that would
be uninsured, and/or adversely impact our ability to attract officers and directors. 

Clearday
depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed. 

Clearday s
ability to manage its businesses and anticipated future growth depends, in large part, upon the efforts of key personnel, particularly
James Walesa, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and B.J. Parrish, our director and Chief Operating Officer. Such key personnel
have extensive knowledge and relationships and exercise substantial influence over Clearday s operational, financing, acquisition
and disposition activity. There is significant competition in the care and wellness industry for experienced personnel and there is a
risk that Clearday may not be able to continue to retain our key personnel. The loss of services of one or more members of Clearday s
executive management team, or Clearday s inability to attract and retain highly qualified personnel, could adversely affect Clearday s
business, diminish Clearday s investment opportunities and weaken Clearday s relationships with lenders, business partners,
existing and prospective tenants and industry personnel, which could adversely affect us. 

23 

Clearday
relies on information technology and systems in its operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure
of that technology or those systems could materially and adversely affect us. 

Clearday
will continue to rely on information technology and systems, including the internet and commercially available software, to process,
transmit, store and safeguard information and to manage or support a variety of our business processes, including financial transactions
and maintenance of records, which may include personally identifiable information of employees, residents and clients. If Clearday experiences
security breaches or other similar failures, or other inadequacies or interruptions of our information technology, we could incur material
costs and losses and our operations could be disrupted as a result. Further, third-party vendors could experience similar events with
respect to their information technology and systems that impact the products and services they provide to us. We will continue to rely
on commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring, as well as our internal procedures and personnel, to provide security
for processing, transmitting, storing and safeguarding confidential resident, customer and vendor information, such as personally identifiable
information related to our employees and others, including our residents and clients, and information regarding their and Clearday s
financial accounts. We will continue to take various actions, and may incur significant costs, to maintain and protect the operation
and security of our information technology and systems, including the data maintained in those systems. However, it is possible that
these measures will not prevent the systems improper functioning or a compromise in security, such as in the event of a cyberattack
or the improper disclosure of personally identifiable information. 

Security
breaches, computer viruses, attacks by hackers, online fraud schemes and similar breaches can create significant system disruptions,
shutdowns, fraudulent transfer of assets or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. The cybersecurity risks to Clearday
and our third party vendors are heightened by, among other things, the evolving nature of the threats faced, advances in computer capabilities,
new discoveries in the field of cryptography and new and increasingly sophisticated methods used to perpetuate illegal or fraudulent
activities against Clearday, including cyberattacks, email or wire fraud and other attacks exploiting security vulnerabilities in Clearday s
or third parties information technology networks and systems or operations. Any failure to maintain the security, proper function
and availability of Clearday s information technology and systems, or certain third party vendors failure to similarly protect
their information technology and systems that are relevant to the Clearday or our operations, or to safeguard Clearday s business
processes, assets and information could result in financial losses, interrupt Clearday s operations, damage our reputation, cause
us to be in default of material contracts and subject us to liability claims or regulatory penalties. Any or all of the foregoing could
materially and adversely affect our business and the value of our securities. 

Changes
in tax laws or other actions could have a negative effect on us. 

At
any time, the federal or state income tax laws, or the administrative interpretations of those laws, may be amended. Federal and state
tax laws are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, the IRS, the U.S. Department of the Treasury and
state taxing authorities. Changes to the tax laws, regulations and administrative interpretations, which may have retroactive application,
could adversely affect us. The administration of President Biden has recently proposed changes to the Internal Revenue Code that, if
enacted, could have adverse tax consequences for us. Such proposals are subject to significant changes. There cannot be any assurances
as to any changes in the Internal Revenue Code that may be implemented, including any that may be adverse to us. 

Clearday s
insurance may not cover potential losses, including from adverse weather conditions, natural disasters and other events. 

We
carry commercial property, liability and other insurance coverage on our business. We select policy specifications and insured
limits that we believe to be appropriate and adequate given the relative risk of loss, the cost of the coverage and industry
practice. We do not expect to carry insurance for losses such as loss from riots or war because such coverage is not available or is
not available at commercially reasonable rates. Some of our policies, including those covering losses due to terrorism and certain
other insurance policies, are subject to limitations involving large deductibles or co-payments and policy limits that may not be
sufficient to cover losses, which could adversely affect our operations. We may discontinue terrorism or other insurance if the cost
of premiums for any such policies exceeds, in our judgment, the expected benefit from carrying out the policies. If following the
termination or failure to renew any insurance policy we experience an adverse uninsured event, we may be required to incur
significant costs, which could materially adversely affect our business and financial performance. Additionally, insurance to cover
the risk of business interruptions may not be available or available at commercially reasonable rates and may not cover the specific
events that require the closure of interruption of any of our businesses. 

If
we experience a loss that is uninsured or that exceeds policy limits, we could lose the capital invested in the assets and businesses
that that was made. Furthermore, we may not be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage at reasonable costs in the future as the costs
associated with property and casualty renewals may be higher than anticipated. 

Clearday s
operations will be subject to risks from adverse weather and climate events. 

Severe weather may have an adverse
effect on certain residential care or adult day care facilities to be operated by us and by our remaining non-core assets. Flooding caused
by rising sea levels and severe weather events, including hurricanes, tornadoes and widespread fires have had and may have in the future
an adverse effect on such assets and facilities and result in significant losses to us and interruption of our business, even though we
did not experience significant damage to our Naples facility during Hurricane Ian during September 2022. We may incur significant costs
and losses as a result of these activities, both in terms of operating, preparing and repairing our residential care communities or adult
day care centers or the properties owned by use in anticipation of, during and after a severe weather or climate-related event and in
terms of potential lost business due to the interruption in operations that may not be adequately covered by insurance. 

24 

Terrorist
attacks or riots in any locations in which Clearday acquires properties could significantly impact the demand for, and value of, Clearday s
properties. 

Terrorist
attacks and other acts of terrorism or war or riots would severely impact the demand for, and value of, Clearday s planned businesses.
Terrorist attacks in any of the metropolitan areas in which the Clearday expects to have operations also could directly impact the value
of Clearday through damage, destruction, loss or increased security costs, and could thereafter materially impact the availability or
cost of insurance to protect against such acts. A decrease in demand could make it difficult to maintain the expansion of the adult day
care business in accordance with the business plan. To the extent that any future terrorist attack otherwise disrupts Clearday s
planned businesses, it may impair the ability to make timely payments to fund operations, which would harm the operating results and
could materially and adversely affect us. 

Current
government policies regarding interest rates and trade policies may cause a recession. 

The
U.S. Federal Reserve policy regarding the timing and amount of future increases in interest rates and changing U.S. and other countries 
trade policies may hinder the growth of the U.S. economy. It is unclear whether the U.S. economy will be able to withstand these challenges
and continue sustained growth. Economic weakness in the U.S. economy generally or a new U.S. recession would likely adversely affect
Clearday s financial condition, including by limiting Clearday s ability to pay rent or other obligations and causing the
value of Clearday s owned and operated residential care communities, and remaining non-core assets and of our securities to decline.
Further, general economic conditions, such as inflation, commodity costs, fuel and other energy costs, costs of labor, insurance and
healthcare, interest rates, and tax rates, affect our operating and general and administrative expenses, and we have no control or limited
ability to control such factors. Such economic uncertainties and conditions may adversely affect us and others, including our landlords,
and our clients, such as by reducing access to funding or credit, increasing the cost of credit, limiting the ability to manage interest
rate risk and increasing the risk that obligations will not be fulfilled, as well as other impacts which Clearday is unable to fully
anticipate. 

As
a smaller reporting company, Clearday may avail itself of reduced disclosure requirements, which may make Clearday s
common stock less attractive to investors. 

Clearday
is a smaller reporting company under applicable SEC rules and regulations. As a smaller reporting company, 
Clearday may rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other public companies, such as simplified
executive compensation disclosures and reduced financial statement disclosure requirements in our SEC filings. Clearday may continue
to rely on such exemptions for so long as it remains a smaller reporting company . These exemptions include reduced financial
disclosure, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation, and not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Decreased
disclosures in Clearday s SEC filings due to its status as a smaller reporting company may make it harder for investors to analyze
the results of operations and financial prospects. Clearday cannot predict if investors will find Clearday s common stock less
attractive if it relies on these exemptions. If some investors find Clearday s common stock less attractive as a result, there
may be a less active trading market for Clearday s common stock and Clearday s stock price may be more volatile. Clearday
may take advantage of the reporting exemptions applicable to a smaller reporting company until it is no longer a smaller reporting company,
which status would end once it has a public float greater than 250 million. In that event, Clearday could still be a smaller reporting
company if its annual revenues were below 100 million, and it has a public float of less than 700 million. Clearday s reliance
on these exemptions may result in the public finding that Clearday s common stock to be less attractive and adversely impacts the
market price of Clearday s common stock or the trading market thereof. 

We
are subject to penny stock regulations and restrictions, and you may have difficulty selling shares of our common stock. 

The
Commission has adopted regulations which generally define so-called penny stocks as an equity security that has a market
price of less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exemptions. Our common stock
is a penny stock , and we are subject to Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act, or the Penny Stock Rule. This rule imposes additional
sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited
investors (generally, individuals with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000, or 300,000 together
with their spouses). For transactions covered by Rule 15g-9, a broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser
and receive the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to sale. As a result, this rule affects the ability of broker-dealers
to sell our securities and affects the ability of purchasers to sell any of our securities in the secondary market. 

For
any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require delivery, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, of a disclosure
schedule prepared by the Commission relating to the penny stock market. Disclosure is also required to be made about sales commissions
payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements
are required to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market
in penny stock. 

25 

There
can be no assurance that our common stock will qualify for exemption from the Penny Stock Rule. In any event, even if our common stock
were exempt from the Penny Stock Rule, we would remain subject to Section 15(b)(6) of the Exchange Act, which gives the Commission the
authority to restrict any person from participating in a distribution of penny stock if the Commission finds that such a restriction
would be in the public interest. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA has adopted similar rules that may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our common
stock. FINRA rules require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for
believing that the investment is suitable for such a customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their
non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial
status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is
a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements
make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to
buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. 

The
 penny stock rules make it more difficult for a stockholder to deposit our common stock with a broker dealer and to purchase
or sell our common stock, which reduces the volume of transactions and increases the volatility of the price of our common stock. 

Clearday
expects to not pay cash dividends on its common stock and investors may have to sell their shares in order to realize the value for
their investment. 

Clearday has not paid any cash
dividends on its common stock and does not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Clearday intends to use its cash for
reinvestment in the development and expansion of the care and wellness business and to pay its debt and lease obligations. As a result,
investors may have to sell their shares of common stock to realize any of their investment. 

Clearday s internal
controls over financial reporting may not be effective, which could have a significant and adverse effect on Clearday s business
and reputation. 

Clearday
is subject to the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder Section
404 ). Section 404 requires Clearday to report on the design and effectiveness of its internal controls over financial reporting. 

Some,
but not all, of Clearday s officers and directors have experience as officers or directors of a public company. Clearday s
internal controls have certain material weaknesses, including insufficient segregation of duties. Clearday has instituted efforts to
remediate these concerns and enhance Clearday s internal control environment to remediate these issues by the end of 2021. However,
any failure to maintain effective controls could result in significant deficiencies or material weaknesses and cause Clearday to fail
to meet its periodic reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in Clearday s financial statements. Clearday may
also be required to incur costs to improve its internal control system and hire additional personnel. This could negatively impact
Clearday s results of operations. 

Compliance
with changing regulation of corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expenses and divert management s
attention from operating Clearday s business, which could have a material adverse effect on Clearday s business. 

There
have been other changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure in addition to the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, as well as new regulations promulgated by the SEC and rules promulgated by national securities exchanges. These new or changed laws,
regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and as a result, their
application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies, which could result in continuing
uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. As
a result, Clearday s efforts to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards are likely to continue to result in increased
general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance
activities. Clearday s board members, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer could face an increased risk of personal
liability in connection with the performance of their duties. As a result, Clearday may have difficulty attracting and retaining qualified
board members and executive officers, which could have a material adverse effect on Clearday s business. If Clearday s efforts
to comply with new or changed laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies,
Clearday may incur additional expenses to comply with standards set by regulatory authorities or governing bodies which would have a
material adverse effect on Clearday s business and results of operations. 

Delaware
law could discourage a change in control, or an acquisition of Clearday by a third party, even if the acquisition would be favorable
to stockholders. 

The
DGCL contains provisions that may have the effect of making more difficult or delaying attempts by others to obtain control of Clearday,
even when these attempts may be in the best interests of stockholders. Delaware law imposes conditions on certain business combination
transactions with interested stockholders . These provisions and others that could be adopted in the future could deter
unsolicited takeovers or delay or prevent changes in Clearday s control or management, including transactions in which stockholders
might otherwise receive a premium for their shares of common stock over then current market prices. These provisions may also limit the
ability of stockholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their best interests. 

26 

Clearday s
board has the authority to issue Blank Check Preferred Stock, which could affect the rights of holders of Clearday s
common stock and may delay or prevent a takeover that could be in the best interests of Clearday s stockholders. 

The board of Clearday has the
authority to issue shares of preferred stock (the Series Preferred Stock ), in one or more series and to fix the number of
shares constituting any such series, the voting powers, designation, preferences and relative participation, optional or other special
rights and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, including the dividend rights and dividend rate, terms of redemption (including
sinking fund provisions), redemption price or prices, conversion rights and liquidation preferences of the shares constituting any series,
without any further vote or action by the stockholders. Similarly, the Clearday board may authorize a subsidiary of Clearday to issue
securities that may have any such rights, powers or preferences. The issuance of any such securities could affect the rights of the holders
of Clearday s common stock. For example, such issuance could result in a class of securities outstanding that would have preferential
voting, dividend, and liquidation rights over Clearday s common stock, and could (upon conversion or otherwise) enjoy all the rights
appurtenant to the shares of our common stock. The authority possessed by the board of directors to issue Series Preferred Stock, or any
such other securities could potentially be used to discourage attempts by others to obtain control of Clearday through any merger, tender
offer, proxy contest or otherwise by making such attempts more difficult or costly to achieve. The board of directors may issue the Series
Preferred Stock or any such other securities without stockholder approval and with voting and conversion rights which could adversely
affect the voting power of holders of our common stock. There are no agreements or understandings for the issuance of Series Preferred
Stock or any such other securities. 

The
market price and volume of Clearday s common stock fluctuates significantly and could result in substantial losses for individual
investors. 

The stock market from time-to-time
experiences significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad
market fluctuations may cause the market price and volume of Clearday s common stock to decrease. In addition, the market price
and volume of Clearday s common stock is highly volatile. 

Factors
that may cause the market price and volume of the Clearday s common stock to decrease include: 

changes
 in stock market analyst recommendations regarding Clearday s common stock or lack of analyst coverage; 

fluctuations
 in Clearday s results of operations, timing and announcements of our corporate news; 

any adverse investor reaction to the September 9, 2021, AIU Merger; 

adverse
 actions taken by regulatory agencies with respect to any facilities or their operations or therapeutic based procedures that Clearday
 provides; 

any
 lawsuit involving any care or services or products that Clearday provides; 

announcements
 of technological innovations by Clearday s competitors; 

public
 concern as to the safety of services or products developed by Clearday or others; 

regulatory
 developments in the United States and in foreign countries; 

the
 care and wellness industry conditions generally and general market conditions; 

failure
 of Clearday s results of operations to meet the expectations of stock market analysts and investors; 

sales
 of Clearday s common stock by its executive officers, directors and five percent stockholders or sales of substantial amounts
 of Clearday s common stock, including amounts that are sold on market orders when there is insufficient volume and activity
 regarding our common stock; 

changes
 in accounting principles; and 

loss
 of any of our key employees and officers. 

Further,
Clearday s common stock will be subject to market disruptions that devalue the equity markets broadly, or certain sectors, which
are caused by events that are not related to the business and operations of Clearday. Recent events in exchange listed securities resulted
in significant loss of market value of shares for, among other matters, pandemics and market reaction to perceived global interconnected
economies. 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

During
2022, Clearday operated 4 residential care facilities and one adult day care facility: 

Facility

Location 
 
 Facility
 Approximate Square Footage 
 
 Memory
 Care of Naples 
 
 Naples,
 Florida 
 
 32,930 
 
 Memory
 Care of Westover Hills 
 
 San
 Antonio, Texas 
 
 48,280 
 
 Memory
 Care of Little Rock at Good Shepherd 
 
 Little
 Rock, Arkansas 
 
 44,250 
 
 Memory
 Care of New Braunfels 
 
 New
 Braunfels, Texas 
 
 43,460 

The Memory Care of Naples facility is owned, and the other facilities were leased. Each of these leased facilities was terminated as described in Recent Events. 

27 

Our adult day care center is in
San Antonio, Texas in a leased facility of approximately 5,100 square feet. 

We
also own our headquarters building located at 8800 Village Drive, San Antonio, Texas. This building is a 3-story medical office building
located on 0.84 acres and has approximately 22,265 rentable square feet. Our Naples facility is subject to a mortgage of approximately
 4,550,000 that is due on May 2, 2023. Our headquarters building in San Antonio, Texas is subject to a mortgage loan. 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 

The
Company has been, is currently, and expects in the future to be involved in claims, lawsuits, and regulatory and other government
audits, investigations and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of the Company s business, some of which may involve
material amounts. The Company established accruals for specific legal proceedings when it is considered probable that a loss has
been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Also, the defense and resolution of these claims, lawsuits,
and regulatory and other government audits, investigations and proceedings may require the Company to incur significant expense. The
Company accounts for claims and litigation losses in accordance with FASB ASC Topic
450, Contingencies. Under FASB ASC Topic 450, loss contingency provisions are recorded for probable and estimable losses at the
Company s best estimate of a loss or, when a best estimate cannot be made, at the Company s estimate of the minimum
loss. These estimates are often developed prior to knowing the amount of the ultimate loss, require the application of considerable
judgment, and are refined as additional information becomes known. Accordingly, the Company is often initially unable to develop a
best estimate of loss and therefore the estimated minimum loss amount, which could be zero, is recorded; then, as information
becomes known, the minimum loss amount is updated, as appropriate. Occasionally, a minimum or best estimate amount may be increased
or decreased when events result in a changed expectation. 

From
time to time, we are party to various lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business.
Excluding ordinary, routine litigation incidental to our business, we are not currently a party to any legal proceedings that we believe
would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation or cash flow. 

As
of the date of this Report, we are subject to certain lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings, including the following: 

The tenant, MCA Simpsonville Operating
Company LLC, referred to as Tenant, of the MCA community that is located in Simpsonville, South Carolina, referred to as the Simpsonville
Facility, and other affiliates of the Company have a dispute with the landlord of the Simpsonville Facility, MC-Simpsonville, SC-UT, LLC,
referred to as the Landlord, and its affiliates (Embree Group of Companies: Embree Construction Group, Inc., Embree Asset Group, Inc.,
and Embree Capital Markets Group, Inc., referred to collectively as Embree) under the terms of the lease. After non-payment, the Landlord
instituted litigation Simpsonville Action 1 that is captioned and numbered MC-Simpsonville, SC-UT, LLC v. Steve Person,
et. al., Cause No. 19-0651-C368 in the 368th Judicial District Court of Williamson County, Texas. After the trial court issued a judgment
on damages in the amount of 2,801,365 and appeals of this judgment this action was settled on August 5, 2022 as reflected by an Agreed
Final Judgment for an aggregate amount of 3,012,011, including costs and expenses in favor of the plaintiff, of which 2,763,936 was
settled by the release of a cash bond that Tenant previously deposited with the Court and the remaining amount of 248,075 to be paid
within six months after the entry of the judgment. We have not paid this amount. In connection with the settlement of Simpsonville Action
1, Tenant entered into an agreement to transfer certain operations, including lease obligations, of the Simpsonville Facility Tenant and
Landlord terminated the lease of the Simpsonville Facility as contemplated by such agreement to transfer of certain operations, including
lease obligations, which permitted the Landlord to sell the Simpsonville Facility to a third party and thereby limit the future obligations
under the lease. 

The Landlord filed a second
action on April 9, 2021 (Simpsonville Action 2), for claims similar to Simpsonville Action 1 including relief for payment of rent
past due and reimbursement of taxes from October 2020 to the time of the trial in this action. This action captioned and numbered
MC-Simpsonville, SC-UT, LLC v. Steve Person, James Walesa and Trident Healthcare Properties I, LP, Cause No. 21-0513-C425 in the 425th
Judicial District Court of Williamson County, Texas. The court granted summary judgment in this matter in favor of the Landlord
on April 14, 2023. Trident and the individual guarantors may appeal this judgement although there can be no assurance that Trident
or the individual guarantors will be able prevail in any such appeal. The Landlord may pursue a final order of the court at the
completion of a trial or otherwise. If such final order is granted, then subject to any appeal or other action, the Landlord may
pursue to enforce the final judgement. 

Under the structure used for the
lease and operations of the Simpsonville Facility, a subsidiary of Clearday, Inc., Tenant is the direct obligor under the lease and another
subsidiary of Clearday, Trident, is a guarantor of the lease obligations. Neither Tenant or Trident have any material assets. We are assessing
the exposure of these matters to Clearday, Inc. under these actions, including any liability under indemnification agreements with the
individual guarantors. We are scheduling a mediation of this matter and expect to attempt to negotiate a settlement, including the amount
and payment terms with the Landlord. Such settlement discussions may continue after any summary judgement against Trident and the individual
guarantors. There can be no assurance that the Company will settle these actions on terms that are acceptable or at all. 

28 

Certain subsidiaries of the Company
that operate hotel assets did not pay employment related taxes such as required withholdings for Texas State unemployment taxes and federal
income tax and employee and employer contributions for FICA (Social Security and Medicare) taxes, and federal unemployment tax for certain
periods from December 31, 2018, to December 31, 2021. These subsidiaries have since made the appropriate filings with the Internal Revenue
Service and the Company has accrued the full estimated amount of the underpaid taxes as well as the estimated penalties and interest.
As of December 31, 2022, the amount of the estimated taxes, penalties, and interest, assuming that there is no waiver or mitigation of
the penalties, is 261,000. The Company has accrued this amount in its audited consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022.
We have met with the staff of the Internal Revenue Service with respect to this matter and believe that this subsidiary is entitled to
additional tax credits and adjustments that would substantially reduce this liability. However, there can be no assurance that the Internal
Revenue Service will agree that such credits and adjustments are available. Our audited consolidated financial statements as of December
31, 2022, do not accrue any amounts for such credits and adjustments. 

In the fourth quarter of
2021, certain subsidiaries of the Company did not remit payroll taxes related to the Earned Retentions Tax Credit ERTC ). The ERTC program permitted an offset for such obligations and was terminated during the fourth quarter with an
effective termination date of September 30, 2021. As a result, the Company has accrued 1,243,557 in such payroll taxes as of December 31, 2022. These
subsidiaries have applied for certain tax credits, including ERTC and Families First Coronavirus Response Act. The Company expects
to use such credits that will be applied to reduce these payroll tax liabilities. 

Certain subsidiaries of the Company
that operate our residential care communities have not paid employment related taxes such as required withholdings for federal income
tax and employee and employer contributions for FICA (Social Security and Medicare) taxes, and federal and state unemployment tax from
and after the payroll period that ended September 16, 2022. These subsidiaries have since made the appropriate filings with the Internal
Revenue Service and the Company has accrued the amount of the underpayment in its audited consolidated financial statements
as of December 31, 2022, of approximately 527,000, which amount does not include any taxes, penalties, and interest. We have met with
the staff of the Internal Revenue Service with respect to this matter and believe that these subsidiaries are entitled to additional
tax credits and adjustments that would substantially reduce this aggregate liability. However, there can be no assurance that the Internal
Revenue Service will agree that such credits and adjustments are available. Our audited consolidated financial statements as of December
31, 2022, do not accrue any amounts for such credits and adjustments. 

Certain
subsidiaries of the Company that operate residential care facilities MCA Borrowers incurred certain financings through
merchant credit advances. Such financings were provided by creditors under agreements MCA Agreements that describe the
transaction as the sale of future receivables by the applicable MCA Borrower. The aggregate accrued amount of these financings is approximately
 2,925,195, as summarized in Note 6 Indebtedness. Eight of these financing parties have commenced actions alleging, among other
matters, a breach of the MCA Agreement for non-payment and a breach of the guaranty by the applicable guarantors. These actions demand
monetary damages that, in the aggregate, are approximately 1,531,640, plus other costs, fees and certain other amounts. 

These
actions are 

1. 
 Premium Merchant
 Funding 18, LLC v Memory Care at Good Shepherd LLC and James Walesa (a guarantor), filed in state court in Kings County, New York
 on August 19, 2022 (summary judgement in this matter was entered in favor of the plaintiff and we have entered a notice to appeal); 

2. 
 Libertas Funding LLC v.
 Memory Care at Good Shepherd, LLC, et. al. including James Walesa (a guarantor), filed in state court in Monroe County, New York
 on August 24, 2022 (summary judgement in this matter was entered in our favor and may be appealed by the plaintiff); 

3. 
 Cloudfund LLC v MCA New
 Braunfels Operating Company LLC et. al. including James Walesa (a guarantor), filed in state court in Nassau County, New York on
 August 29, 2022; 

4. 
 Cloudfund LLC v MCA Naples
 Operating Company, LLC and James Walesa (a guarantor), filed in state court in Nassau County, New York on August 30, 2022 (summary
 judgement in this matter was entered in favor of the plaintiff and we have entered a notice to appeal); 

5. 
 Swift Funding Source Inc.
 v MCA Naples Operating Company LLC et. al. including Christin Hemmens (a guarantor), filed in state court in Ontario County, New
 York on August 31, 2022; 

6. 
 Pirs Capital, LLC v MCA
 Westover Hills Operating Company, LLC et. al. including James Walesa (a guarantor), filed in state court in New York County, New
 York on September 8, 2022; 

7. 
 Prosperum Capital Partners,
 LLC dba Arsenal Funding v MCA Westover Hills Operating Company LLC et. al. including James Walesa (a guarantor), filed in state court
 in Kings County, New York on September 28, 2022; 

8. 
 Fox Capital Group, Inc.
 v MCA Westover Hills Operating Company LLC et. al. including James Walesa (a guarantor), filed in state court in Bexar County, Texas
 on October 25, 2022. 

James Walesa is our Chief Executive
Officer, and/or Christin Hemmens, is an officer of Clearday. Other than as set forth above, each of these actions are in the pleading
or discovery stage of litigation. We cannot provide any assurance that we would prevail in any of these actions or that we would be able
to settle any of these actions on favorable terms, if at all. 

A mortgage lender for our Naples,
Florida facility commenced an action for nonpayment of the mortgage note. The action is captioned A.AD.A, INC.; Anga Properties, LLC;
Arce Holdings, LLC; Benfam Holdings LLC; Carolina Resources, LLC; Emilio Diaz SD Investment Account, LLC; Michael B. and Irma B. Goldstein;
David J. Gonzalez; Hersab Holdings, LLC; Indocan Investment USA Corporation; Armando Navarro; Robbia Properties LLC; Shochat Holdings
I LLC; and Wekwit, Inc. (collectively referred to as the Naples Lender) vs. MCA Naples, LLC, Case No. 11-2023-CA-000243-0001- flied in
the Circuit Court in and for Collier County, Florida (the Benworth Action ). This litigation arises from the nonpayment under
the mortgage and promissory note. The Benworth Action demands payment of the principal amount of the promissory note of 4,550,000 together
with default interest, late charges, costs advanced, insurance advances, attorney s fees and costs and seeks the Final Judgment
of Foreclosure and such further relief as the court deems just and proper. The Benworth Action also seeks the amount from James Walesa,
our Chief Executive Officer, under the personal irrevocable and unconditional guaranty, in favor of Benworth Capital Partners, LLC, of
the obligations of MCA Naples, LLC under the mortgage and promissory note. 

We are negotiating a forbearance
or similar agreement with the Naples Lender which we expect will include payments under the promissory note and the settlement of the
other claims and costs. We believe that the fair value of the building and land are greater than the amounts owed under the mortgage.
We may also seek to refinance the mortgage obligations to the Naples Lender with another lender. There is no assurance, however, that
we would be able to agree to any forbearance or similar agreement or be able to refinance the property on terms that are acceptable or
at all. 

We have been threatened with
litigation by the law firm Rigrodsky Law, P.A. alleging unjust enrichment in connection with shareholder litigation commenced by such
firm related to the AIU Merger and claiming damages of 200,000. This law firm alleges that the complaint that was filed caused material
supplemental disclosures. The Company is assessing these allegations and expects to respond appropriately. 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
for Common Stock 

Our
common stock trades on the OTC Markets OTCQB under the symbol CLRD . The following table details the high and low closing
prices for our Common Stock as reported by OTC Markets OTCQB for the periods indicated. 

2022 
 High 
 Low 
 
 Quarter ended December 31, 2022 
 1.08 
 0.29 
 
 Quarter ended September 30, 2022 
 1.19 
 0.80 
 
 Quarter ended June 30, 2022 
 2.50 
 0.70 
 
 Quarter ended March 31, 2022 
 2.90 
 0.95 

2021 
 High 
 Low 
 
 Quarter ended December 31, 2021 
 4.15 
 2.06 
 
 Quarter ended September 30, 2021 
 10.87 
 3.00 
 
 Quarter ended June 30, 2021 
 10.76 
 3.83 
 
 Quarter ended March 31, 2021 
 7.58 
 2.99 

The AIU Merger closed during this period. Prior
to such closing, the stock price was that of Superconductor Technologies Inc. 

The high and low prices during the first quarter of
2023 ended March 31, 2023, were 1.30 and 0.47, respectively. 

Holders
of Record 

We
had approximately 425 holders of record of our common stock on March 31, 2023. This number does not include stockholders for whom
shares were held in a nominee or street name. 

29 

Dividends 

We have never paid cash dividends and intend to employ
all available funds in the development of our business. We have no plans to pay cash dividends soon. Our ability to declare or pay dividends
on shares of our common stock is subject to the requirement that we pay an equivalent dividend on each outstanding share of our Preferred
Stock (on an as-converted basis). 

Sales
of Unregistered Securities 

The information regarding the sale of equity securities of the Company
required by this item has been previously included in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Repurchases
of Equity Securities 

None. 

Warrants 

The
Company has three separate types of warrants that are outstanding: 

warrants
 that were granted and outstanding by Superconductor Technologies Inc. STI prior to the effective date of the AIU
 Merger; 

warrants
 assumed by the Company that were granted by AIU prior to the September 9, 2021, effective date of the AIU Merger; add 

warrant
 that were issued by the Company after the AIU Merger. 

The
following is a summary of such outstanding warrants at December 31 2022: 

STI
Warrants Prior to the AIU Merger Effective Date. 

Common Shares 

Total 
 Currently Exercisable 
 Exercise Price per Share 
 Expiration Date 

Warrants related to March 2018 financing 
 7,331 
 7,331 
 245.84 
 September 9, 2023 
 
 Warrants related to March 2018 financing 
 513 
 513 
 340.73 
 March 6, 2023 
 
 Warrants related to July 2018 financing 
 119,241 
 119,241 
 75.48 
 July 25, 2023 
 
 Warrants related to July 2018 financing 
 7,154 
 7,154 
 94.35 
 July 25, 2023 
 
 Warrants related to May 2019 financing 
 5,518 
 5,518 
 26.96 
 May 23, 2024 
 
 Warrants related to October 2019 financing 
 100,719 
 100,719 
 5.39 
 October 10, 2024 
 
 Warrants related to October 2019 financing 
 14,336 
 14,336 
 6.74 
 October 8, 2024 

Warrants
that were issued by AIU and have been assumed by Clearday in the AIU Merger. 

Common Shares 

Total 
 Currently Exercisable 
 Exercise
 Price 

 per Share 
 
 Expiration Date 

Warrants issued in connection with financings 
 3,281,508 
 3,281,508 
 5.00 
 November 15, 2029 
 
 Warrants issued to a consultant 
 500,000 
 500,000 
 11.00 
 August 10, 2026 

Two
 of our subsidiaries have preferred securities that are classified under accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP as Non-Controlling Interest: (1) the preferred
 stock designated as the Series I 10.25 cumulative convertible preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share of AIU Alt Care (the Alt
 Care Preferred Stock and (2) the preferred limited partnership interests of Clearday OZ Fund (the Clearday OZ LP
 Interests ). As of December 31 , 2022, there are 1,376,118 warrants that were issued by
 Clearday to investors in the Alt Care Preferred Stock and the Clearday OZ LP Interests. As of the effective date of the AIU
 Merger, such warrants were assumed by the Company and amended and restated to represent the same number of shares of the Company s
 Common Stock that would have been issued had the holders exercised such warrants in full prior to the effective date of the AIU Merger,
 or an aggregate of 3,281,508 shares of the Company s Common Stock. The exercise price per share for each is 5.00 per share,
 subject to adjustment for specified fundamental transactions such as stock splits, reverse stock splits and stock combinations. 

Prior
 to the closing of the AIU Merger, AIU issued to a consultant that is subject to a development agreement a warrant representing
 500,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock as of the effective date of the AIU Merger at an exercise price of 11.00 per
 share, or which may be paid by customary cashless exercise. Such warrant is subject to adjustment for specified fundamental
 transactions such as stock splits, reverse stock splits and stock combinations. 

30 

Lender
Additional Remedy Warrants: 

Each
of the following warrants were issued in connection with a financing and provides that the warrant may only be issued upon an event of
default under the related promissory note. 

Common Shares 

Outstanding 
 Exercisable 
 Exercise Price 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Related to the January 12, 2023, Financing (Mast Hill LP) 
 1,134,000 
 0 
 0.75 
 5 years after Trigger Date 
 
 Related to the September 30, 2022, Financing (Mast Hill LP) 
 472,500 
 0 
 0.50 
 5 years after Trigger Date 
 
 Related to the July 1, 2022, Financing (Mast Hill LP) 
 900,000 
 0 
 0.50 
 5 years after Trigger Date 

Trigger
 Date is defined as the date of an Event of Default under the promissory note that is related to the financing in which this warrant
 was issued. 

Lender Warrants: 

Common Shares 

Related to the February 17, 2023, Financing (Jefferson Street Capital LLC) 
 225,000 
 225,000 
 0.75 
 March 16, 2028 
 
 Related to the January 12, 2023, Financing (Mast Hill LP) 
 851,000 
 851,000 
 0.75 
 February 14, 2028 

Derivative Calculation 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
calculated the fair value of the warrants granted based on assumptions used in the Cox-Ross-Rubinstein binomial pricing model using the
following inputs: the price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance ranging from 0.81 to 0.82; risk-free interest
rates ranging from 2.88 to 3.92 ; volatility ranging from 130 to 132 based on the historical volatility of the Company s common
stock; exercise prices of 0.50; and terms of sixty months. 

Stock
Options 

On December
31, 2022, we continued to have the two active equity award option plans, the 2003 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2013 Equity Incentive
Plan (collectively, the Stock Option Plan that were in effect for STI prior to the effective date of the AIU Merger. Although
we can only grant new options under the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. Under our Stock Option Plan, stock awards were made to our former
directors, key employees, consultants, and non-employee directors and consisted of stock options, restricted stock awards, performance
awards, and performance share awards. Stock options were granted at prices no less than the market value on the date of grant. There were
no stock option exercises during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2022. There were no stock options that were exercisable
on December 31, 2022. 

Restricted Stock 

During 2022, we issued approximately
558,150 shares of our common stock to an institutional lender as additional fees for loans, 1,778,436 shares of common stock to our Chief
Executive Officer in exchange for indebtedness we owed such individual and for 200,000 as stock-based compensation and approximately
334,345 shares of our common stock to third party consultants for services. 

As of December 31, 2022, there
was no unamortized stock compensation. 

Equity of Subsidiary 

Non-Controlling Interest 

The AIU Alt Care Preferred stock and the Clearday OZ LP Interests accrue a preferred return of 10.25 per annum. 

The exchange rate for each of
the Alt Care Preferred Stock and the Clearday OZ LP Interests to Clearday, Inc. Common Stock is equal to (i) the aggregate investment
amount for such security plus accrued dividends at 10.25 per annum, (ii) divided by 80 of the 20 consecutive day volume weighted closing
price of the Common Stock of Clearday preceding the conversion date. Prior to the AIU Merger, these securities were exchangeable to shares
of AIU common stock at a rate of 1 share for every 10.00 of aggregate amount of the investment plus such accrued dividends. 

ITEM
 6. 
 [Reserved] 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations includes many forward-looking statements.
For cautions about relying on such forward-looking statements, please refer to the section entitled Forward Looking Statements 
at the beginning of this Report immediately prior to Item 1. 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere
in this Report. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis, including information with respect to Clearday, its
plans, and strategy for its business and related financing, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

31 

Overview 

We shifted our business strategy
to provide technologies and innovative care solutions to address the global aging crises and be less focused on operating residential
care facilities. We have used our extensive experience in senior care, including owning and operating high-performing residential care
facilities in the most challenging senior care venues (Memory and Alzheimer s treatment), to develop our purpose-built Longevity-tech
platform for the 170 million Americans turning 50 by 2030. See Recent Events. 

Prior to the first quarter of
2023, our business was primarily focused on providing care at four residential care facilities and one adult day care center and the development
of our Longevity-tech platform. 

The discussion in this Item 7
includes the conduct of businesses at three residential care facilities that as of the date of this Report we terminated.
See Recent Events. 

As of December 31, 2022, we operated
four residential memory care facilities that are in three U.S. states and operated through our Memory Care America LLC MCA subsidiary. These facilities focus on treating residents suffering from any of the 25 forms of dementia that may be treated in a residential
care facility, Alzheimer s being the most common. We use our knowledge and our experience in treating dementia and other cognitive
disorders to develop technology-enabled businesses, aligned to next-generation non-acute care and wellness services and products. 

All of our long-lived assets are
located in the United States and, during the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, all of our revenue was derived from
within the United States. 

Seasonality 

Residential care facilities are
seasonal in nature. Generally, residential care facilities suffer revenue losses in winter months as there is often an increase in the
loss of residents during these periods primarily because of flu and other health issues during such periods. 

Results of Operations 

Our operating revenues during
2022 were predominately from our four residential memory care facilities and our adult day care center. MCA earns revenue primarily by
providing services to individual residents for a specified monthly fee, which fee includes all services such as room, meals and programs
and to a lesser extent, certain community fees for a resident to move into a facility. All of MCA s revenues are private
pay which are charged directly to the resident and paid by such individual s family or administrator. Residents may terminate
services upon advance notice of a specified period. A portion of our 2022 revenues were from our adult day care business. Our adult day
care service earns revenues primarily by providing services to individual clients for weekday sessions, which includes activities. A part
of our revenues includes reimbursements to veterans under a program by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). 

Our operating expenses are primarily
the expenses of our MCA facilities described below as well as the expenses that we incur in our other businesses including adult day care
and our Longevity-tech platform. 

These SG A Expenses during
2022 were primarily insurance, interest expense, bank fees, equity-based compensation and audit and other professional fees. 

32 

Certain
Key MCA Statistical Data for the Years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021: 

The
following table presents a summary of our operations of our residential care business for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021,
which do not include corporate overhead or our innovative care businesses such as our Longevity-tech platform including our digital offerings
and robotic services or our adult day care business: 

Year
 ended, 

Increase/(Decrease) 

December
 31, 
 2022

December
 31, 
 2021

Amount 

Percent 

Revenues: 

MCA Resident Facilities 

12,092,815 

12,603,346 

(510,531) 

(4.05) 

Operating expenses: 

Wages and benefits 

8,215,600 

9,276,098 

(1,060,498) 

(11.43) 

MCA facility operating expenses 

4,875,402 

5,553,826 

(678,424) 

(12.22) 

Lease expenses (1) 

3,858,902 

4,885,958 

(1,027,056) 

(21.02) 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

613,674 

465,089 

148,585 

31.95 

Total operating expenses 

17,563,578 

20,180,971 

(2,617,393) 

(12.97) 

Operating loss 

(5,470,763) 

(7,577,625) 

2,106,862 

(27.80) 

Interest 

2,404,843 

689,211 

1,715,632 

248.93 

Impairment (2) 

4,396,228 

(4,396,228) 

100.00 

Other
 (income) expenses (3) 

(2,220,583) 

(4,505,496) 

2,284,913 

(50.71) 
 
 Total other/(income)
 expenses 

184,260 

579,943 

(395,683) 

(68.23) 
 
 Net Loss 

(5,655,023) 

(8,157,568) 

(2,502,545) 

(30.68) 

2021
 includes the results and operations of the Simpsonville facility. We did not operate the Simpsonville Facility from and
 after September 30, 2021. 

33 

(1) 
 Lease expenses includes the accrual of rent and related amounts that have not been paid to the lessor of the Simpsonville facility in connection with a dispute described in Item 3 Legal Proceedings based on the amounts stated in the applicable lease agreement. 
 
 (2) 
 Impairment of Right of Use assets (leases) in 2021 regarding the facilities in New Braunfels, Texas, Naples, Florida and Simpsonville, South Carolina. 
 
 (3) 
 Other (income) expenses include the amount primarily arising from the
 forgiveness of PPP loans, and ERTC credits received and the gain on the sale of investment during 2021. 

MCA
expenses are primarily related to the MCA facilities and providing care to the residents, including: 

wages
 and benefits, including wages and wage-related expenses, such as health insurance, workers compensation insurance and other
 benefits for the Company MCA employees, including MCA management; 

MCA
 facility operating expenses, including utilities, housekeeping, dietary, maintenance, regulatory requirements, insurance and administrative
 costs and salaries, including the compensation to persons who develop, market and provide our innovative products and services; 

lease
 expenses for MCA facilities; 

other
 general and administrative expenses, principally comprised of general management including the Company s headquarters, general
 insurance, legal, accounting and investments in technology; 

depreciation
 and amortization expense on buildings and furniture and equipment; 

interest
 expenses for loans and other financings related to the MCA businesses, including loans to one lessor of three of the MCA facilities
 and the mortgage financing of the one owned MCA facility; and 

Other
 expenses for the development of technology used in supporting operations and next generation of tech-enabled non-acute care and wellness
 solutions. 

Revenues . Our MCA
Facility revenues decreased by approximately 4.0 or 0.5 million to approximately 12.1 million during 2022 from approximately
 12.6 million during 2021, primarily due to lack of revenues from the Simpsonville community which was included in 2021 until
September 30, when we executed the facility, lower revenues in some of the facilities due to number of residents, offset by
additional revenues during 2022 from our adult day care which we acquired at the end of May 2021, resulting in approximately seven
months of revenues from this facility during 2021. 

Operating Expense . Operating expenses decreased by approximately 13.0 or 2.6 million to 17.6 million during 2022 from 20.1 million during 2021. MCA Facility
total operating expenses are primarily allocated to the MCA wages and benefits and MCA facilities operating expenses and MCA lease expenses.,
primarily due to (1) the reclassification of some operating expenses into Selling General Administrative expenses (2) offset in
part by the reduction of operating expenses because, in the fourth quarter, we transferred the operations and obligations of our Simpsonville
facility resulting in our operating expenses for the Simpsonville facility were reduced to a specified limit during the last quarter
of 2021, which did not including the rental expense which was included for the full annual period. As such, the decrease of operating
expenses allocated to the Simpsonville facility reflected only the operating expenses such as compensation and insurance during the fourth
quarter. MCA lease expenses also increased due to operations and related amounts. 

Research Development.
 We did not record any R D expenses during 2022 or 2021. 

Depreciation and amortization.
 Our MCA Facility consolidated depreciation and amortization expenses increased by approximately 31.95 or 0.61 million during 2022
from 0.46 million during 2021, primarily because of the increase in such expenses allocated to MCA facilities that were being given
back to the landlord as we accelerated the depreciated the remaining asset. 

34 

Interest. Our consolidated interest expense increased by approximately 248.93 or 1.7 million to 2.4
million during 2022 from 0.68 million during 2021. Our interest expense is primarily allocated to the MCA, which amounts accounted
for approximately 79 or 2.4 million of such expenses during 2022 compared to approximately 100 during 2021. The increase in MCA allocated
interest is primarily due to our high interest loans financings that were incurred to fund operating expenses and the development costs
for our innovative products and services in advance of amounts received from the Internal Revenue Service under the employee retention
tax credit ERTC program which was delayed. The interest expense that was not allocated to MCA related primarily to the
mortgage on our headquarters building and other real estate assets. The amount of interest expense does not include any accrual of interest
for unpaid interest under the MCA Agreements, each of which are not being paid by us. See Item 3 Legal Proceedings. 

Impairment.
 There was not any impairment taken during 2022 as compared to 2021 where we there was an impairment charge of approximately 7.4 million
impairment on our operating facilities in New Braunfels, Texas and Simpsonville, South Carolina Impairment a non-cash expense and related
solely to analysis required under GAAP for long lived assets as described in footnote 4 to our 2021 audited financial statements included
in this Report. 

Other (income) expenses. Our
consolidated other (income) expenses decreased significantly by approximately
 2.3 million primarily due to ERTC grants in 2021. 

Gain
on sale of investment. There was no gain on the sale of investments in 2022 as compared to 2021 where there was a gain recorded before
the AIU Merger realized from the gain on sale of investment or 1,172,151 during 2021 that was recorded as other (income) expenses. 

Revenues
and Expenses Not Allocated to the Facilities: 

Revenues.
 We did not have any material revenues during 2022 that we have not allocated to the Facilities. 

Expenses
Not Allocated to the Facilities: Our operating and other expenses that are not allocated to our Facilities, included the following: 

Operating
Expenses . Our consolidated operating expenses decreased by approximately 31.77 or 9.0 million during 2022 from 13.2 million
during 2021. We increased our accounting and financial staff to lessen our reliance on accounting consultants. Selling, General
and Administrative Expenses: Our selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by a net amount of approximately 93.08 
or 0.12 million during 2022 from 1.8 milling during 2021. The decrease is primarily due to the fees paid to our financial
consultant or investment banker that were paid in 2021. 

Depreciation
and Amortization Expenses: Depreciation and amortization expenses decreased approximately 27.53 or 0.14 million. 

Other
(Income) Expenses: Other income increased by a net amount of approximately million, primarily because primarily due to
gains recorded in the 1.6 million of debt extinguishment with AGP and the coupled with losses in our hotel and real estate and our
Simpsonville Facility 

SG A Expenses. Our consolidated SGA Expenses decreased by approximately 32.3 or 5,002,720
million during 2022 from 7,393,834 million during 2021, primarily due to the Company accounting for certain expenses including those
for corporate expenses incurred in the development of the Company s Longevity-tech platform, as operating expenses during 2022 rather
than SG A expenses as our Longevity-tech platform became available for sale or license. There was also a significant reduction in
accounting services, audit, and legal services as 2022 did not have such expenses related to the AIU Merger and the amount of such expenses
related to the litigations related to the Simpsonville Facility described in Item 3. 

We
ceased operating our Simpsonville Facility as of September 30, 2021, and terminated the lease in August 2022. During the nine months
ending September 30, 2022, we recognized an aggregate net loss attributable to the Simpsonville Facility of approximately 0.65, primarily
due to the continued accrual of lease expenses related to this Facility in the amount of approximately 0.63 million, offset by other
income related to employee retention tax credit ERTC for certain employees under the CARES Act. As disclosed in our Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15, 2021, we entered into an Operations Transfer, Interim Management and Security Agreement (the
 Simpsonville Transfer Agreement with Brookstone Terrace of Simpsonville, LLC Brookstone and, as described
in Note 7 Commitments and Contingencies to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I,
Item 1 of this Report, we terminated this lease with the landlord in connection with the settlement of a litigation. Until the date of
such lease termination, we continued to accrue the lease expense. The base rent attributable to this Facility was 97,490 per month, subject
to a 2 increase commencing June 1, 2022, offset by a 30,000 monthly credit under the Simpsonville Transfer Agreement payable by Brookstone
that began on May 1, 2022. 

Other Leased Facilities 

As described under Recent Events, we
terminated the leases of three of our Facilities, effective May 1, 2023. 

Concentration of Risk Revenues. 

The Company s revenue for
the years ended 2022 and 2021 consisted of operations from our MCA residential facilities and our adult day care facility in four states
(three states as of December 31, 2022). The Company expects to continue to be dependent on revenues from our remaining MCA community and
our adult day care center until we can have revenues from our Longevity-tech platform. Any failure of our MCA community or adult day care
center to continue these businesses would significantly and adversely impact the Company. The MCA revenues are primarily private pay and
do not rely on reimbursements from Medicare or Medicaid. The Company expects that such concentration will continue until revenues are
realized from its Clearday Clubs and our Longevity-tech planform. 

35 

The COVID-19 pandemic has slowed
the ability of the Company to dispose of its remaining assets that are not related to its and lowered the expected price of such remaining
assets. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources. 

Clearday
requires cash to fund its current operations and continued innovation of non-acute care and wellness services. As of December 31, 2022,
Clearday has an accumulated deficit of (79,671,065) loss from continued operations of (14,462,738) and losses from cash flows from
operating activities in the amount of (3,978,027). 

Net
cash from investing activities of continuing operations of 1,051,245 and net cash from financing activities was 2,157,345 due mostly
to the proceeds from the sale of redeemable preferred shares and member units in subsidiaries. 

We
do not have sufficient cash resources from the net cash flows of operations from our current businesses to sustain our operations for
the next twelve months and will rely on the continued sale of non-core assets, tax credits, government sponsored financing programs and
related amounts, and raising capital through the sale of our securities. We expect to solicit additional capital as financing prior to
the expected closing of the Viveon Merger or bridge financing and additional financing at the close or subsequent to the
Viveon Merger closing. We are discussing terms with certain lenders for the bridge financing, although there can be no assurance that
any such financing transactions will be consummated on the terms or timeframe currently contemplated, or at all. 

The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
and any other public health emergency could continue to have a material adverse effect on Clearday s business, results of operations,
financial condition, liquidity and prospects in the near-term and beyond 2021. For example, during December of 2022 we temporarily suspended
operations at our adult day care center due to COVID-19. 

Clearday
expects that the following factors will affect our future liquidity: 

Operating
 revenues are expected to be affected, primarily because of 

- 
 Our ability to monetize our Longevity-care platform through rental, distribution
networks and sales 

- 
 Our ability to open additional adult day care centers; 

- 
 Our ability to increase revenues by providing additional products and services
through our Longevity-care platform; and 

- 
 Our ability to continue our joint ventures and add additional alliances
to develop and market other care technologies. 

Operating
 costs are expected to be affected, primarily because of: 

- 
 Our ability to reduce the staff to resident ratios in our remaining residential
care facility; 

- 
 The costs and expenses related to additional sales and marketing staff
and staff to deploy our robots and other technologies, and reduce staff turnover through better training and recruitment; 

- 
 The
 expiration of the Employee Retention Credit under the CARES Act, 

- 
 Increased
 pressures on wages and agency fees due to industry staffing shortages; 

- 
 Additional
 interest expenses related to our high interest loans that we have incurred during 2022, offset in part by expected refinancing of
 certain mortgages and debt and the receipt of other financings such as SBA sponsored programs and additional amounts that we expect
 to receive through tax credits; and 

- 
 Reduced
 operating expenses related to our exit of memory care facilities. 

Selling
 and general administrative costs will be affected, primarily because: 

- 
 The significant product development costs that are recorded as operating
expenses are expected to remain consistent or be lower as our Longevity-tech planform and Clearday Clubs business models, strategies and
marketing plans have been developed; and 

- 
 We will incur additional compensation expense for our executives that have suspended their compensation to allow
the Company to reduce its operation cash needs. 

36 

Change
in our business strategy 

We
have pivoted our business strategy as described in Item 1 Recent Events. This change in business has shed three of our residential
care facilities that used more than .114 during 2022 of net cash in operations. We expect that our business that is focused on
our Longevity Care platform will have substantially less net cash flow needs compared to our residential care businesses. 

We
expect to pursue the following that will materially affect our liquidity and net cash flow needs: 

Continue
 the marketing of our Longevity-tech platform directly and through alliances and others; 

Increase
 revenues in our remaining residential care facility by introducing products and services in our Longevity-tech platform that should
 also increase the number of residents; 

Increase
 the number of our adult day care centers. 

Obtain
 additional capital including bridge financing in anticipation of the Viveon Merger. 

Obtain
 additional financing and incur additional liabilities in connection with the Viveon Merger. 

COVID-19.
 The pandemic and the regulatory responses and additional initiatives have and will likely continue to have a material effect on Company s
facilities-based businesses and operations. 

We
expect to continue to monetize our remaining assets that are not related to our care businesses 

Funding History. 

Clearday has historically financed
its operations primarily through the sale of its equity and debt securities in private placements. Clearday has incurred negative cash
flows from operations. On December 31, 2022, Clearday had an aggregate amount of cash and restricted cash of .2 and a deficit of
 63.5 million. 

Cash
Flows. 

The
following table in 000) shows a summary of Clearday s cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in activities of continuing operations 
 (3,978,027 
 (11,832,919 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities of discontinued operations 
 - 
 9,222,731 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (3,978,027 
 (2,610,188 

Net cash provided by investing activities of the continuing operations 
 1,051,245 
 (493,451 
 
 Net cash provided used in investing activities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 
 1,051,245 
 (493,451 

Net cash provided by continuing operations 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net cash used / provided in financings 
 2,157,345 
 3,208,648 
 
 Net cash provided by in financing activities 
 (769,437 
 105,009 

Operating
Activities. 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 3.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2.6 million for the year ended
December 31, 2021. Net cash used in continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 resulted from a net loss of 14.5
million adjusted for certain non-cash items including approximately: 

1.6
 million gain on the extinguishment of debt arising from the modification of the AGP Note, 
 
 1.5
 million amortization of right of use assets, 
 
 1.2
 million of costs related to derivative liabilities, 
 
 1.0
 million gain on the termination of our lease at the Simpsonville Facility, 
 
 1.0
 million relating to PPP loan forgiveness, 
 
 0.9
 million related to deferred revenues from promotional discounts, 
 
 0.4
 million related to stock-based compensation for certain officers, directors and consultative
 services, 
 
 0.4
 million equity issued in connection with financings, and 
 
 0.5
 million in other depreciation and amortization 

37 

Investing
Activities. 

Net
cash provided by investing activities was 1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and net cash provided of 05.
million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net cash used for the year ended December 31, 2022, consists primarily of investment
activities in payments for capitalized software costs of 1.9 million, 0.982 million in cash from sale of property 
equipment. 

Financing
Activities. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 2.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and net cash used of 3.2 million for year
ended December 31, 2021. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, consisted primarily of net proceeds
received from the new loans is 8.3 million (i) cash in-flow from the sale of preferred and member interests in non-controlling entity
of 0 million; (ii) repayment of long-term debt in the amount of 4.8 million. 

HHS
Government Grants 

The
Company recognizes income for government grants when grant proceeds are received and the Company determines it is reasonably assured
that it will comply with the conditions of the grant, the Company will recognize the distributions received in the income statement on
a systematic and rational basis. The Company will estimate the fair value of the grant using the applicable HHS definitions of healthcare related expenses and lost revenue attributable to COVID-19, considering the Company s projected and actual results at the
end of each reporting period. 

Upon
conclusion that the Company is reasonably assured that it has met the conditions of the grant, it must measure the amount of unreimbursed health-care
related expenses and lost revenue related to COVID-19 at the end of each reporting period and release that amount from Refundable Advance
to Other Revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has received grants amounting to 0 and total grant received
so far by the Company amounts to 675,868. 

Contractual
Obligations and Commitments. 

See
 Note 7 Commitments and Contingencies of the audited consolidated financial statements within
this Quarterly analysis, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Legal
Proceedings. 

Clearday
is subject to legal proceedings. The disclosures in this part of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations are provided under Item 3 - Legal Proceedings. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements. 

Clearday
is not a party to any off-balance sheet transactions. Clearday has no guarantees or obligations other than those which arise out of normal
business operations. 

Cash
and Restricted Cash. 

Cash,
consisting of short-term, highly liquid investments and money market funds with original maturities of three months or less at the date
of purchase, are carried at cost plus accrued interest, which approximates market. 

Restricted
cash as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, includes cash that Clearday deposited as security for obligations arising from property
taxes, property insurance and replacement reserve Clearday is required to establish escrows as required by Clearday s mortgages
and certain resident security deposits. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates. 

The
preparation of the audited consolidated financial statements requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On a regular
basis, we evaluate these estimates. These estimates are based on management s historical industry experience and on various other
assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 

38 

For
a description of the accounting policies that, in management s opinion, involve the most significant application of judgment or
involve complex estimation and which could, if different judgment or estimates were made, materially affect our reported financial position,
results of operations, or cash flows, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition, Results of Operations
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates and the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included in
this Quarterly analysis. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, there were no significant changes in our accounting policies and estimates other than
the newly adopted accounting standards that are disclosed in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our
audited consolidated financial statements. 

Impact
of Climate Change. 

Concerns about climate change
have resulted in various treaties, laws and regulations that are intended to limit carbon emissions and address other environmental concerns.
These and other laws may cause energy or other costs at The Company s communities to increase. In the long term, the Company believes
any such increased costs will be passed through and paid by the Company s residents and other customers in higher charges for The
Company s services. However, in the short term, these increased costs, if material in amount, could materially and adversely affect
the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 

Some observers believe severe
weather in different parts of the world over the last few years is evidence of global climate change. Severe weather has had and may continue
to have an adverse effect on certain senior living communities The Company operates. Flooding caused by rising seas levels and severe
weather events, including hurricanes, tornadoes and widespread fires may have an adverse effect on the senior living communities the Company
operates. The Company mitigates these risks by procuring insurance coverage. The Company believes adequate to protect the Company from
material damage and losses resulting from the consequences of losses caused by climate change. However, the 

The company cannot be sure that
its mitigation efforts will be sufficient or that future storms, rising sea levels or other changes that may occur due to future climate
change could not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial results. 

Market
Risk 

We
are exposed to various market risks, including changes in interest rates. Market risk is the potential loss arising from adverse changes
in market rates and prices. We do not enter into derivatives or other financial instruments for trading or speculation purposes. Our
money market investments have no exposure to the auction rate securities market. 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
are a smaller reporting company, and, accordingly, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
consolidated financial statements required by this Item, together with the report of our independent registered public accounting firm,
begin on page F-1, immediately following the signatures to this annual report. Please refer to Item 15 of this report for an index of
the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report. 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None 

39 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures; Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

The
Company s management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, respectively), has evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired controls objectives. Any material weaknesses 
in the Company s internal controls may arise because of the internal control environment of the Company. 

Based
upon that evaluation, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective. Specifically, the Company does not have adequate segregation of duties that adequately
restrict user and privileged access to certain financial applications, programs, and data to appropriate company personnel; do not adequately
limit access to electronic payment systems for authorized expenditures; and have inadequate cyber controls regarding the protection of
our data and restricting data changes affecting financial IT applications and underlying accounting records are identified, tested, authorized
and implemented appropriately. Management has identified these weaknesses and have adopted a program to remediate such weaknesses. 

Remediation
Plan. 

We
instituted efforts to remediate these concerns and enhance our internal control environment, including increasing the number and skill
set of its accounting and financial staff and reducing our reliance on third party accounting consultants. However, any failure to maintain effective controls could result in significant deficiencies or
material weaknesses and cause the Company to fail to meet the Company s periodic reporting obligations or result in material misstatements
in the Company s financial statements. The Company may also be required to incur costs to improve its internal control system and
hire additional personnel. This could negatively impact the Company s results of operations. 

40 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act) during the year ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
Applicable 

PART
III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding those individuals currently serving as our directors (or nominated to serve
as a director) and executive officers as of March 31, 2023: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Independent
 Directors: 

Elizabeth
 M. Caveness (2 )(3) 
 
 59 
 
 Director 
 
 Alan
 H. Channing (1)(2)(3 
 
 78 
 
 Director 
 
 Jeffrey
 A. Coleman (1)(3) 
 
 47 
 
 Director 
 
 Richard
 M. Levychin (1 
 
 64 
 
 Director 

Executive
 Directors: 

BJ
 Parrish 
 
 51 
 
 Director
 and Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 James
 T. Walesa 
 
 62 
 
 Director
 and Chief Executive Officer 

Other
 Executive Officers: 

John
 R. Bergeron ) 
 
 66 
 
 Independent
 Contractor 
 
 Linda
 Carrasco 
 
 66 
 
 Executive
 Vice President / President of Memory Care America 
 
 Richard
 M. Morris 
 
 62 
 
 Executive
 Vice President / General Counsel 
 
 Gary
 Sawina 
 
 67 
 
 Executive
 Vice President / Director of Real Estate 

(1) 
 Member
 of our Audit Committee. 

(2) 
 Member
 of our Compensation Committee. 

(3) 
 Member
 of our Governance and Nominating Committee. 

Chair
 of such committee 

Mr.
 Bergeron is an independent contractor that resigned as our Chief Financial Officer on November 23, 2022, and continues to provide
 services to us. 

41 

Each of our directors was nominated
based on the assessment of our Nominating Committee and our Board that he has demonstrated: an ability to make meaningful contributions
to our Board; independence; strong communication and analytical skills; and a reputation for honesty and ethical conduct. Our Board consists
of and seeks to continue to include persons whose diversity of skills, experience and background are complementary to those of our other
directors. 

James
T. Walesa 

 Chair
of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Mr. Walesa has served as the Chairman
of Clearday s board of directors and its Chief Executive Officer since the closing of the AIU Merger. He has been the Chairman and
CEO of AIU, now known as Clearday Operations, Inc., since its formation. Mr. Walesa has been part of the managers or otherwise active
in the business of Clearday and its predecessors. Mr. Walesa has more than three decades of experience in financial services with an emphasis
on the real estate, energy and care and wellness industries. In 1988, Mr. Walesa founded the Asset Management Protection Corporation
(AMPC), where he currently serves as its Principal, a position he has held since 1988. From September 4, 2019, to December 2021 (when
he retired as a securities broker), Mr. Walesa was a registered representative with Arkadios Capital LLC, a SEC full-service broker dealer,
resident in their office in Park Ridge, Illinois. After such retirement, Mr. Walesa directed his business activities to Clearday. Mr.
Walesa previously served on the advisory board of Nasdaq-traded Bank Financial Corp. (Nasdaq: BFIN) and currently serves as a member of
the board of directors of Gadsden Properties, Inc. (OTC PINK: GADS), and the chairman of the board of Citadel Exploration, Inc. (OTC PINK:
COIL) and a member of the board of directors of SitePro, a private company. He was the Chicago chairman for the National Multiple Sclerosis
Society and is a member of the Alzheimer s Alois Society in recognition of his leadership and support of the Alzheimer s Association
to prevent and cure dementia related disease. Mr. Walesa received a B.S. in Business Administration from Rockford University. Mr. Walesa
was selected to serve on the board of Clearday due to his expertise in the real estate industry and his investment and capital market
experience. Mr. Walesa was a director and officer of Clearday when its subsidiary filed for bankruptcy protection during July 2019. Additionally,
Mr. Walesa is the guarantor of certain indebtedness of the Company or its subsidiaries that are subject to litigation and judgements as
described under Description of Business Legal Proceedings . 

Clearday
believes that Mr. Walesa s knowledge of the business of Clearday, including his relationship with the Clearday stockholders, his
negotiation of the AIU Merger agreement and his knowledge of the longevity care and wellness market qualify him to serve as the Chairman
of the board of directors of the combined company. 

BJ
Parrish 

 Director
and Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

Mr. Parrish has served as a member
of Clearday s board of directors and its Chief Operating Officer since the closing of the AIU Merger and the Interim Chief Financial
Officer since November 2022. He has been the director and the Chief Operating Officer of AIU, now known as Clearday Operations, Inc.,
since its formation. Mr. Parrish has served as the Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Cibolo Creek Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company, Cibolo Creek ), since 2005 and a Director since 2013 and, in such capacity, was integral to the investment
and operations of the businesses that were acquired by Clearday. Mr. Parrish is responsible for the financial management of Cibolo Creek
and the investments of which it serves as general partner or manager. Mr. Parrish is also instrumental in the raising of capital through
both the equity and debt markets for all of Cibolo Creek s investment ventures. Prior to Cibolo Creek, Mr. Parrish served as the
Vice President of Cibolo Creek s predecessor company, Midland Red Oak Realty Inc. where he was involved in the formation of a 100
million credit facility, as well the acquisition and disposition of over 200 million worth of commercial real estate assets across the
Southwest United States. Prior to Midland Red Oak Realty Inc., Mr. Parrish was a financial analyst and a manager of investor relations
with Southwest Royalties, Inc., a privately held oil and gas exploration and production company. Mr. Parrish received a B.B.A. in finance
and an M.B.A., both from the University of Texas Permian Basin. Mr. Parrish is also the Interim Chief Executive Officer and a member of
the board of directors of Gadsden Properties, Inc. (OTC: GADS). Mr. Parrish was selected to serve on the board of GPI due to his expertise
in the real estate industry and his investment and capital market experience. Mr. Parrish was a director and officer of Clearday when
its subsidiary filed for bankruptcy protection during July 2019. 

Clearday
believes that Mr. Parrish s knowledge of the business of Clearday, and his knowledge of the longevity care and wellness market
as well as his leadership in the sale of the non-core assets qualify him to serve as a member of the board of directors of the combined
company. 

42 

Elizabeth
M. Caveness 

 Director 

Beth
Caveness has served as a director, the Chair of our Compensation Committee and a member of our Governance and Nominating Committee since
the closing of the AIU Merger. Beth Caveness, in 2001, founded Village Pharmacy of Hampstead Inc., an independent pharmacy located in
Hampstead, North Carolina. She grew the business to four pharmacies and sold these independent pharmacies. Dr. Caveness is active in
advocacy and works on a state and national level to improve pharmacy. She is a member of National Community Pharmacists Association NCPA ),
North Carolina Association of Pharmacists and Community Pharmacy Enhanced Services Networks and serves on the Independent Pharmacy Network
committee of PillPAC, a political action committee for the NCAP and on the advisory board for the Pender County, North Carolina Health
Department. Dr. Caveness received her B.S. Biochemistry from North Carolina State University in 1986, a B.S. Pharmacy from the University
of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1990 and her PharmD. from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 2005. 

Clearday
believes that Dr. Caveness experience as a pharmacist of almost 35 years and her knowledge and advocacy of the evolutions in the
businesses that provide pharmaceuticals, nutraceuticals and related products in the longevity care and wellness industry qualify her
to serve as a member of the board of directors of the combined company. 

Alan
H. Channing 

 Director 

Alan
Channing has served as a director, member of our Audit Committee, member of our Compensation Committee, Chair of our Governance and Nominating
Committee since the closing of the AIU Merger. Alan Channing became the principal officer of Channing Consulting Group, LLC following
his retirement as President and CEO of the Sinai Health System, Chicago, Illinois, in 2014, a role he held for ten years. Sinai Health
System, a safety net provider, is an integrated delivery system located on Chicago s west side. Under Mr. Channing s leadership,
Sinai achieved national recognition for clinical quality, community engagement and benefit, addressing disparities and creating the concept
of pre-primary care. Mr. Channing has been the CEO of several large teaching hospitals including Wishard Memorial in Indianapolis,
Elmhurst Hospital Center in Queens, New York, and the renowned Bellevue Hospital Center in Manhattan. Channing has served as a resource
to the Ohio Hospital Association, the Cleveland Center for Health Affairs, Greater New York Hospital Association and the Hospital Association
of New York State. He has testified before the US Congress, the Ohio Senate, and both houses of the Illinois legislature. He served as
chairman of the Illinois Hospital Association during a challenging legislative year and as board chairman of Family Health Network, a
Medicaid managed care company. He serves as an advisor to several healthcare organizations including AVIA Health which focuses on digital
transformation for healthcare providers; 330 Partners which advises Federally Qualified Healthcare Clinics (FQHCs) on strategy, partnerships,
and operations; and Genesis Orthopedics Sports Medicine, a Chicago based orthopedic practice. Mr. Channing is active in many charities.
He is a member of the Board of Directors of Medical Home Network (MHN), a not-for-profit collaborative that unites provider communities
and diverse healthcare entities around a common goal: to redesign healthcare delivery and transform the way care is managed at the practice
level. MHN began by focusing on Maternal and Child Health on the West and South Sides of Chicago. From October 2015 to present is an
Algebra and Trig tutor with the New York City Public Schools. Mr. Channing graduated in 1968 with a B.S. Engineering /Industrial Management
from the University of Cincinnati and in 2001 with a M.S. in Hospital Management from The Ohio State University where he retains an assistant
professorship. 

Clearday
believes that Mr. Channing s experience and knowledge of approximately five decades in sophisticated hospital systems including
his knowledge of the longevity care and wellness qualify him to serve as a member of the board of directors of the combined company. 

Jeffrey
A. Coleman 

 Director 

Jeffrey
A. Coleman has served as a director, a member of our Audit Committee and a member of our Governance and Nominating Committee since
the closing of the AIU Merger. Jeffrey A. Coleman is an attorney with 20 years experience in litigation and transactional
work with a focus on elder and geriatric issues. This work has seen him represent an array of clients in his field, including
professional fiduciaries, businesses, lenders, and individuals. He has also represented businesses as general counsel, including
work as general counsel for a publicly traded company, Citadel Exploration, Inc. In his role as general counsel of such company, he
was responsible for risk analysis, negotiation, solving operational challenges, and successfully completing acquisitions and
divestitures. Mr. Coleman graduated from the University of California at Santa Barbara with high honors in 1997 and received a J.D.
from Fordham University School of Law in 2000. 

Clearday
believes that Mr. Coleman s experience, including his role as the general counsel of a public company, and almost 20 years of legal
experience qualify him to serve as a member of the board of directors of the combined company. 

43 

Richard
Levychin, CPA, CGMA 

 Director 

Richard
Levychin has served as a director and Chair of our Audit Committee since his appointment on January 31, 2022. Richard Levychin is a
Managing Partner in the Commercial Audit and Assurance practice of Galleros Robinson, Certified Public Accountants, LLP, a mid-sized
CPA and Advisory firm with offices in New York, New Jersey, Florida, and the Philippines, where he focuses on both privately and
publicly held companies. Prior to taking this position in October 2018, Richard was the managing partner of KBL, LLP, a PCAOB
certified independent registered accounting firm, since 1994. Mr. Levychin has over 35 years of accounting, auditing, business
advisory services and tax experience working with both privately owned and public entities in various industries including media,
entertainment, real estate, manufacturing, not-for-profit, technology, retail, technology, and professional services. His experience
also includes expertise with SEC filings, initial public offerings, and compliance with regulatory bodies. As a business adviser, he
advises companies, helping them to identify and define their business and financial objectives, and then provides them with the
on-going personal attention necessary to help them achieve their established goals. Mr. Levychin is a member of the Board of
Directors of Pershing Resources Company, Inc. (OTCMKTS: PSGR) and a member of the Board of Directors and Chairperson of the Audit
Committee of AgriFORCE Growing Systems Ltd. (NasdaqCM: AGRI). 

Mr.
Levychin has written articles on a wide range of topics, which have been featured in several periodicals including Dollars and Sense,
New York Enterprise Report, Black Enterprise Magazine, Forbes, Business Insider, and The Network Journal. He has also conducted seminars
on a wide range of business topics including SEC matters and taxation for several organizations including the Black Enterprise Entrepreneurs
Conference, the Entrepreneurs Organization (New York chapter) and the Learning Annex. Mr. Levychin is a member of several organizations
including the New York State Society of Certified Public Accountants, the National Association of Tax Professionals, and the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA). Richard was a founding member of the AICPA s National Diversity and Inclusion
Commission. He has also served as a member of the Governing Council of the AICPA, which is the governing body that oversees and sets
policies for the AICPA. Richard is a member and a former board member of the New York Chapter of the Entrepreneurs Organization EO ), a dynamic, global network of more than 14,000 business owners in over 50 countries. 

In
2018 Mr. Levychin was a recipient of the 5 Chamber Alliance MWBE Award from the Manhattan Chamber of Commerce. In 2016 Richard was presented
with the 2016 Arthur Ashe Leadership Award. In 2015 Richard was presented by his alma mater Baruch College with the Baruch College Alumni
Association s Alumni Leadership Award for Business . In 2013 Richard received the title of Best Accountant from The
New York Enterprise Report. Mr. Levychin is a past winner of The Network Journal s prestigious 40 Under 40 award. 

He
is a graduate of Baruch College, where he received a Bachelors in Business Administration Degree (Accounting). 

We
have determined that Mr. Levychin is well suited to serve on our Board and chair our Audit Committee due to his decades of experience
as a member of a PCAOB certified independent registered accounting firms, including decades of expertise with SEC filings and public
offerings. 

John
R. Bergeron, CPA 

Independent
Contractor Former Chief Financial Officer 

John Bergeron served as our Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since December 8, 2021 through November 23, 2022. In such a capacity, he is our principal financial
and accounting consultant. Mr. Bergeron provided consulting services to us during November and December 2021. Mr. Bergeron was also the
Chief Financial Officer of Spine Injury Solutions, Inc., since October 2011 and one of their directors since July 2010 until the date
that such company was sold, March 30, 2022. From May 2008 through September 2014, he served as President of Jolpeg Inc., a private firm
that consults on financial matters in service industries. From May 2002 until May 2008, Mr. Bergeron served as Divisional Controller of
Able Manufacturing, a division of NCI Group, Inc, where his responsibilities included financial reporting, budgeting and Sarbanes-Oxley
Act compliance. Prior to that, Mr. Bergeron worked as controller of different internet companies and as an accounting manager for several
other private firms. He has also worked as an auditor for Arthur Andersen. Mr. Bergeron has more than thirty years experience in
financial management and corporate development of manufacturing and service industry companies. He has extensive experience in financial
reporting of public companies, risk management, business process re-engineering, and structuring and implementing accounting procedures
and internal control programs for Sarbanes-Oxley Act compliance. Mr. Bergeron is a Certified Public Accountant. He received a Bachelor
of Business Administration in Accounting from Lamar University in 1979. 

Linda
L. Carrasco 

 Executive
Vice President and President Memory Care America LLC 

Ms.
Carrasco has served as our Executive Vice President since the closing of the AIU Merger and has served as the President of our subsidiary
MCA, Clearday s residential memory care facility business, since July 2019, when she was promoted to that position from the Executive
Director of the MCA s Westover Hills, Texas facility, a position she held since June 2015. Prior to joining Clearday, Ms. Carrasco
was the Executive Director Sales specialist of Emeritus Senior Living in San Antonio, Texas and Oklahoma. Ms. Carrasco has more
than 35 years of experience in skilled care residential facilities, including a license social worker (LBSW) for Town and Country Manor
Nursing and Rehabilitation from 2010 to 2011, and Executive Director and Marketing Director of Asista Corporation from 1998 to 2010,
and Manager and Regional Manager of Texas and Arizona of Southwest Health Management from 1994 to 1998. Ms. Carrasco holds a B.S. from
Southwest Texas State University and holds the Assisted Living / Personal Care Management Certificate License, the Texas State Board
of Social Workers Examiners Licensed Baccalaureate and is a Certified/Qualified Activities Director. 

44 

Richard
M. Morris 

 Executive
Vice President and General Counsel 

Richard
M. Morris has served as Clearday s Executive Vice President and General
Counsel since the closing of the AIU Merger and served in such capacity for AIU, now known as Clearday Operations, Inc., since January
1, 2020. Mr. Morris has been our lead executive in the development of our joint ventures including the development of our robotic services
platform and is responsible for the significant decrease of our legal fees and related expenses. While serving as Clearday s General
Counsel since January 2020, Mr. Morris continues to practice law as a partner of Wilson Williams LLC, a corporate transaction boutique
firm in its New York City office. Mr. Morris has been practicing attorney since 1990, including being a corporate partner with Herrick,
Feinstein LLP, New York from 2002 to 2018 where he focused on securities and other regulatory matters; and as a Corporate partner with
Allegaert Berger Vogel LLP, New York, New York, since November 2018 to January 2020. In such positions with law firms, Mr. Morris
was Clearday s primary corporate and transaction counsel. Prior to becoming a lawyer, Mr. Morris was an auditor with the Commodities
Exchange, Inc. in New York and later focused on operations and financial management at Kidder Peabody Co. He also was the U.S. Audit
Manager for the financial division for a diversified Australian company. Mr. Morris has a B.S. in Accounting from New York University
(1982) and a J.D. from Fordham University School of Law (1990), with bar admissions in New York and Connecticut. 

Gary
Sawina 

 Executive
Vice President and Director of Real Estate Operations 

Mr.
Sawina has served Clearday as its Executive Vice President and Director of Real Estate since the closing of the AIU Merger and has served
in such position for AIU, now known as Clearday Operations, Inc., since its formation. In such capacity is the officer that oversees
all aspects of the development of Clearday s real estate including the renovation of 8800 Village Drive, the design and build out
spaces for Clearday s Adult Day Care centers and management of all of Clearday s MCA and hotel facilities. Mr. Sawina has
directly overseen the management of numerous new construction projects ranging from 42 million to 500 million in capital expenditures.
In response to the pandemic, Mr. Sawina designed retrofits for the hotel properties so that rooms may be efficiently converted to negative
pressure rooms. Mr. Sawina is a Las Vegas native and has had a career in gaming and hospitality of more than 40 years with senior positions.
He held several gaming licenses, including Level 1 Gaming License Nevada from 1990 to 2000; Level 1 Gaming License Louisiana
from 2002 to 2004; Level 1 Gaming License Indiana from 2004 to 2010; and Owner s Liquor License Clark County, Nevada
from 1999 to 2001. Mr. Sawina holds his B.S. in Business and Hotel Administration from University of Nevada, Las Vegas (1979). 

Corporate
Governance Policies and Practices 

The
following is a summary of our corporate governance policies and practices: 

Our
 Board has determined that all our directors, other than Mr. Walesa and Mr. Parrish, are independent as defined by the rules of
 the SEC and The NYSE American stock exchange. Our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Governance and Nominating Committee
 each consists entirely of independent directors under the rules of the SEC and The NYSE American stock exchange. 

We
 have a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for all our employees, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer
 and Chief Financial Officer. If we amend any provision of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to any such officer
 (or any persons performing similar functions), or if we grant any waiver (including an implicit waiver) from any provision of our
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to any such officer (or any persons performing similar functions), we will disclose those amendments
 or waivers on our website at https://myclearday.com/corporate-governance/ within four business days following the date of
 the amendment or waiver. 

Our
 Audit Committee reviews and approves all related-party transactions. 

As
 part of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, we have made a whistleblower hotline available to all employees for
 anonymous reporting of financial or other concerns. Our Audit Committee receives directly, without management participation, all
 hotline activity reports concerning accounting, internal controls or auditing matters. 

Board
Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 

Our Board is involved in overseeing
our risk management through our Audit Committee. Under its charter, our Audit Committee is responsible for inquiring with management and
our independent auditors about significant areas of risk or exposure and assessing the steps management has taken to minimize such risks. 

Stockholder
Communications with Directors 

Stockholders who want to communicate
with our Board or with a particular director or committee may send a letter to our Secretary at Clearday, Inc, 8800 Village Drive, 2 nd 
Floor, San Antonio, Texas 78217. The mailing envelope should contain a clear notation indicating that the enclosed letter is a Board
Communication or Director Communication. All such letters should state whether the intended recipients are all members
of our Board or just certain specified individual directors or a specified committee. The Secretary will circulate the communications
(except for commercial solicitations) to the appropriate director or directors. Communications marked Confidential will
be forwarded unopened. 

45 

Attendance
at Annual Meetings of Stockholders 

We expect all our Board members
to attend our annual meetings of stockholders in the absence of a showing of good cause for failure to do so. 

Board
Meetings and Committees 

During
2022, each of our directors attended at least 90 of the aggregate of (i) the total number of Board meetings and (ii) the total number
of meetings of the committees on which the director served. 

Board
of Directors 

Our
Board has three standing committees: an Audit Committee established in accordance with section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (our Audit Committee ), a Compensation Committee (our Compensation Committee and a Governance
and Nominating Committee (our Nominating Committee ). Our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating Committee
each have a charter, which is available at the Corporate Governance section under the Investors tab on our
website at www.myclearday.com. 

Audit
Committee 

The
principal functions of our Audit Committee are to hire our independent public auditors, to review the scope and results of the year-end
audit with management and the independent auditors, to review our accounting principles and our system of internal accounting controls
and to review our annual and quarterly reports before filing them with the SEC. The current members of our Audit Committee are Mr. Levychin
(Chairman), Mr. Channing and Mr. Coleman. 

Our
Board has determined that all members of our Audit Committee are independent as defined under the rules of the SEC. Our
Board has determined that Mr. Levychin is an audit committee financial expert. 

Compensation
Committee 

Our
Compensation Committee reviews and approves salaries, bonuses and other benefits payable to our executive officers and administers our
management incentive plan. Our Compensation Committee makes all compensation decisions with respect to our Chief Executive Officer and
makes recommendations to our Board regarding non-equity compensation and equity awards to our other named executive officers (set forth
below under Executive Compensation Summary Compensation Table and all other elected officers. In doing so, with
respect to named executive officers other than the Chief Executive Officer, our Compensation Committee generally receives a recommendation
from our Chief Executive Officer and other officers as appropriate. Our Chief Executive Officer also generally recommends the number
of options or other equity awards to be granted to executive officers, within a range associated with the individual executive s
salary level and presents this to our Compensation Committee for its review and approval. 

Our Compensation Committee uses
available data to review and compare our compensation levels to market compensation levels, taking into consideration the other companies 
size, the industry, and the individual executive s level of responsibility, as well as anecdotal data regarding the compensation
practices of other employers. We do not annually benchmark our executive compensation against a defined peer group, since we believe
that defining such a group is difficult and would not materially affect our decisions. Our Compensation Committee does not generally
hire an outside consulting firm to assist with compensation, as we believe that the value of doing so is exceeded by the costs. No compensation
consultant was engaged to provide advice or recommendations on our executive or director compensation for 2022. 

Our
Compensation Committee also reviews the compensation of directors and recommends to our Board the amounts and types of cash to be paid
and equity awards to be granted to our directors. 

The
current members of our Compensation Committee are Ms. Caveness (Chair), and Mr. Channing. Our Board has determined that all members of
our Compensation Committee are independent as defined under the rules of the SEC. Our Compensation Committee will only
delegate its authority to the extent consistent with our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and applicable laws, regulations and
listing standards. 

Our
Compensation Committee created the Stock Option Committee (our Stock Option Committee consisting of two members our
Compensation Committee Chair and the Chief Executive Officer. The purpose of our Stock Option Committee is to facilitate the timely granting
of stock options in connection with hiring, promotions and other special situations, and therefore our Stock Option Committee meets only
periodically as certain events occur. Our Stock Option Committee is empowered to grant options to non-executive employees up to a preset
annual aggregate limit. The Stock Option Committee did not meet during 2021. Our Compensation Committee supervises these grants and retains
exclusive authority for all executive officer grants and the annual employee grants. The current members of our Stock Option Committee
are Ms. Caveness (Chair) and Mr. Walesa. 

46 

Governance
and Nominating Committee 

Our
Governance and Nominating Committee is responsible for overseeing and, as appropriate, making recommendations to our Board regarding,
membership and constitution of our Board and its role in overseeing our affairs. Our Governance and Nominating Committee is responsible
for proposing a slate of directors for election by the stockholders at each annual meeting and for proposing candidates to fill any vacancies.
Our Governance and Nominating Committee is also responsible for the corporate governance practices and policies of our Board and its
committees. The current members of our Governance and Nominating Committee are Mr. Channing (Chair), Ms. Caveness and Mr. Coleman. Our
Governance and Nominating Committee met one time in 2022. Our Board has determined that all members of our Governance and Nominating
Committee are independent as defined under the rules of the SEC. 

Our
Governance and Nominating Committee manages the process for evaluating current Board members at the time they are considered for re-
nomination. After considering the appropriate skills and characteristics required on our Board, the current makeup of our Board, the
results of the evaluations, and the wishes of our Board members to be re-nominated, our Governance and Nominating Committee recommends
to our Board whether those individuals should be re-nominated. 

Our
Governance and Nominating Committee periodically reviews our Board whether it believes our Board would benefit from adding a new
member(s), and if so, the appropriate skills and characteristics required for the new member(s). If our Board determines that a new member
would be beneficial, our Governance and Nominating Committee solicits and receives recommendations for candidates and manages the process
for evaluating candidates. Our considerations for board members are described in the Report under Human Capital-Board Members. 

AUDIT
COMMITTEE REPORT 

The
information contained in this Audit Committee Report shall not be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities
Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation
language in any such filing (except to the extent that we specifically incorporate this information by reference) and shall not otherwise
be deemed soliciting material or filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (except to the extent that we specifically request that this information be treated
as soliciting material or specifically incorporate this information by reference). 

Our
Audit Committee reviews our financial reporting process on behalf of our Board. Management has the primary responsibility for the financial
statements and the reporting process, including the system of internal controls. Our Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed the audited
financial statements with management. In addition, our Audit Committee has discussed with our independent registered public accounting
firm the matters required to be discussed by Statements on Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Auditing Standard No. 16 Communications
with Audit Committees . 

Our
Audit Committee has also received the written disclosures and the letter from our independent registered public accounting firm required
by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding their communications with the audit committee concerning
independence, and has discussed with them their independence, including whether their provision of other non-audit services to us is
compatible with maintaining their independence. 

Our
Audit Committee discussed with our independent registered public accounting firm the overall scope and plans for the audit. Our Audit
Committee meets with them, with and without management present, to discuss the results of their examinations, the evaluation of our internal
controls and the overall quality of our reporting. 

Based
upon the review and discussions referred to in the foregoing paragraphs, our Audit Committee recommended to our Board that the audited
financial statements be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2021 for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

AUDIT
 COMMITTEE 

Richard
 Levychin (Chairman) 

Alan
 Channing and Jeffrey Coleman 

May
25, 2023 

47 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The following table sets forth
for the annual periods ending December 31, 2022, and 2021 the base salary and other compensation of our (i) President and Chief Executive
Officer and (ii) our other two most highly compensated officers for 2022 (our named executive officers ): 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Stock Awards )(1) 
 Option Awards )(1) 
 Non-equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 All Other Compensation )(2) 
 Total ) 
 
 Current Executive Officers 

James T. Walesa 
 2022 
 72,815 

72,820 
 
 President, Chief 
 2021 
 99,600 
 101,400 

201,000 
 
 Executive Officer, Director 

Richard M. Morris 
 2022 
 114,860 

114,860 
 
 Executive Vice President / General Counsel 
 2021 
 200,000 
 50,700 

250,700 

Gary Sawina 
 2022 
 132,200 

132,200 
 
 Executive Vice President / Director of Real Estate Operations 
 2021 
 132,000 

23,857 
 155,857 

John Bergeron 
 2022 
 149,860 

149,860 
 
 (Former executive officer Chief Financial Officer) 
 2021 

) 
 During 2022, we reduced compensation with such executive primarily as a
result of our liquidity issues. Such executive may receive increased compensation, to the extent such increased compensation is approved
by our Compensation Committee, in connection with the Viveon Merger or otherwise. This table reflects that, during the third and fourth quarters of 2022 and to the date of this Report, certain of
our executive officers and staff, including o ur Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel have suspended their compensation. 

(1) 
 The
 Stock Awards amounts represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the options to purchase common stock or shares of restricted
 common stock (as applicable) calculated in accordance with ASC718, under the assumptions included in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies included
in our audited financial
 statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, included in this Report. 

(2) 
 The
 All-Other Compensation amounts shown reflect the value attributable to term life insurance premiums, certain tax payments and company
 401(k) matching for each named executive officer, if applicable, as well as other perquisites described below. Each named executive
 officer is responsible for paying income tax on such amounts. 

Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

Employment
Agreements 

We
do not have any employment agreements with any of our current executive officers other than the Officer Agreements with our prior executives.
We had an employment agreement with our prior Chief Financial Officer, which is described in the AIU Merger Registration Statement and
is no longer in effect. 

Non-Equity
Incentive Compensation 

We maintain a bonus plan for executive
officers and selected other members of senior management that was created by STI and which we will continue. Under the plan, our Compensation
Committee establishes financial and other pertinent objectives for the period and assigns each executive officer an annual target bonus
amount based on a percentage of his or her base salary, which ranges from 20 to 100 . Our Compensation Committee also retains the authority
to award discretionary bonuses for performance in other aspects of the business not covered by the established goals. In December 2017,
our Compensation Committee decided, based on then-current economic conditions, to not establish financial performance targets under this
plan and to not award cash bonuses based on financial objectives going forward. Our Compensation Committee did reserve the right to award
discretionary bonuses if appropriate; however, no bonuses were awarded for 2022 or 2021 under this plan. 

48 

Equity
Grants 

During
2022 and 2021, we issued restricted stock to our executive officers as disclosed under the Summary Compensation Table, above. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to outstanding options and unvested shares of restricted stock on December
31, 2022: There are no options outstanding at December 31, 2022. 

Option
Awards Stock Awards 

All the stock options that have
been issued to the STI executives under a stock option plan have expired. There are no options that have been issued by Clearday or STI
that are outstanding. 

Non-employee
Director Compensation Table 

The
following table summarizes the compensation paid to our non-employee directors during 2022: 

Fees
 earned or paid
 in cash 
 Stock Awards
 
 Option Awards 
 Total 
 
 Name 
 ) 
 ) (1)
 
 ) (1)
 
 ) 

Current
 Directors: 

Elizabeth M. Caveness 
 - 

- 

Alan H. Channing 
 - 

- 

Jeffrey A. Coleman 
 - 

- 

Richard M. Levychin 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 The
 amounts in this column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the options to purchase common stock calculated in accordance
 with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 718, under the assumptions included in Note 13 to our audited financial
 statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, included in this Report. As of December 31, 2022: there were no options to purchase
 our common stock outstanding that were awarded to any director as compensation. 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITIES
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2023 by (i) each person known by us to be the
beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock, (ii) each of our directors, (iii) each of our executive officers named
in the table under Executive Compensation Summary Compensation Table, and (iv) all of our directors and executive
officers as a group. Except as otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the table, (i) the persons and entities named in the table have
sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned, subject to community property laws where applicable,
and (ii) the address of each person is c/o Clearday, Inc., 8800 Village Drive, 2 nd Floor, San Antonio, Texas 78217. 

49 

Name 
 Number
 of Shares
 (1) 
 Percentage Ownership 
 
 Directors and Officers: 

James T. Walesa 

Common Stock 
 3,053,827 
 12.1 
 
 Series F Preferred Stock 
 295,717 
 5.8 
 
 Total Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock 
 6,711,206 
 17.9 

BJ Parrish 

Common Stock 
 302,329 
 1.2 
 
 Series F Preferred Stock 
 24,236 

Total Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock 

Linda Carrasco 

Common Stock 
 5,976 

Total Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock 
 5,976 

John Bergeron 

Common Stock 
 - 

Total Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock 
 - 

Richard Morris 

Common Stock 
 511,561 
 2.0 
 
 Total Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock 
 511,561 

Gary Sawina 

Common Stock 
 3,585 

Total Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock 
 7,154 

Elizabeth Caveness 

Common Stock 
 - 

Total Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock 
 28,894 

Alan H. Channing 

Common Stock 
 100,698 

Series F Preferred Stock 
 45,474 

Total Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock 
 586,197 
 1.6 

Jeffrey W. Coleman 

Common Stock 
 - 

Series F Preferred Stock 
 - 

Total Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock 
 310,323 

Richard Levychin 

Common Stock 
 - 

Series F Preferred Stock 
 - 

Total Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock 
 - 

All directors and executive officers as a group
 (10 persons) 

Clearday Common Stock 
 3,977,976 
 15.8 
 
 Clearday Series F Preferred Stock 
 365,428 
 3.0 
 
 Total Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock 
 8,608,214 
 23.0 

Beneficial Owner of 5 or
 more 

Cibolo
 Creek Partners, LLC ) 

Clearday Common Stock 
 1,884,276 
 7.5 
 
 Clearday Series F Preferred Stock 
 612,402 
 5.0 
 
 Total Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock 
 3,344,644 
 8.9 

Thinktiv, Inc. 

Common Stock 
 4,706,192 
 18.7 
 
 Series F Preferred Stock 
 - 

Total Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock 
 4,706,192 
 12.6 

50 

The
only voting securities are the (1) common stock and (2) the Series F Preferred Stock. 

Beneficial
ownership includes the shares of common stock held by such holder and those shares that would be issued to such holder upon exercise
or conversion of any of the following securities into shares of our common stock at the sole option of the holder within 60 days:
(1) Series F Preferred stock; (2) options or warrants; (3) AIU Alt Care Preferred, (4) Clearday OZ LP Interests, and (5) convertible
notes. There are no options outstanding as of December 31, 2022, or March 31, 2023. The warrants, AIU Alt Care Preferred, Clearday OZ
LP Interests and convertible notes are not a voting security of Clearday, Inc. Total Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock is
computed assuming that all such securities of such holder are exchanged or converted to common stock and the percentage is computed
by dividing such amount by the 37,412,588 shares of common stock outstanding assuming that the Series F Preferred stock (including the accruals for full amount of dividends) are converted in full. 

Represents
 beneficial ownership of such security of less than 1 . 

Address
 of Cibolo Creek Partners, LLC is 200 N. Loraine St, Suite 1515, Midland, TX 79701. The managers of Cibolo Creek Partners, LLC are
 B.J. Parrish, H.H. Wommack, III, George Wommack and J. Steven Person. No such individual is to be construed as an admission that
 such person is, for the purposes of sections 13(d) or 13(g) of the Act, the beneficial owner of any securities owned by Cibolo Creek
 Partners, LLC. Cibolo Creek Partners, LLC is managed by a board of managers of at least three individuals. In accordance with the
 Staff of the SEC no-action letter re The Southland Corp. (August 10, 1987), which gives rise to the so-called rule of three, 
 and holds that, where voting and investment decisions regarding an entity s portfolio securities are made by three or more
 individuals, and a voting or investment decision requires the approval of a majority of those individuals, then none of the individuals,
 in this case the managers of the Cibolo Creek Partners, LLC, is deemed a beneficial owner of such entity s portfolio securities. 

Address of Thinktiv, Inc. is 1011 San Jacinto Blvd Suite 202, Austin, TX 78701. 

(1) 
 The
 shares of common stock that are included in the beneficial ownership with respect to the holdings by such holder of AIU Alt Care
 Preferred and Clear OZ LP Interests are computed using a conversion price computed as of March 31, 2023, equal to 0.47 or 80 of
 the 20 day volume average weighted price of .59 per share computed as of such date. 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Our Chief Executive Officer has
guaranteed certain of our loan obligations and the lease that we entered for our adult day care center. He will receive a guaranty fee
payable in our common stock that is equal to 1 of the amount guaranteed. 

One of our executives has guaranteed
certain of our loan obligations and will receive a guaranty fee payable on our common stock. She may be considered related to our Chief
Executive Officer as they share the same residence. She also receives compensation as our Director of Education. 

On February 18, 2022, MCA Naples,
LLC Seller executed a purchase agreement with Richard Morris, an executive vice president of the Company, and Arlene Berliner,
JTWROS (the Purchaser to sell undivided interests in the land and improvements (the Naples Property that
are used for its Memory Care of Naples care facility that is in Naples, Florida (the Naples Facility for aggregate cash
amount of 100,000. At the closing of this Purchase Agreement, the purchaser of this undivided interest in the Naples Property will hold
an undivided interest in the Naples Property as tenants in common and will be party to a Tenant in Common Agreement TIC Agreement ).
This individual has also made certain loans to the Company and has purchased 20 Mitra Mini robots and rents them to us for a monthly fee
that has not been paid and has granted us the right to purchase these robots. Mr. Morris has also made other loans to the Company during 2022 and is owed approximately 318,175 in the aggregate
for loans and rent of approximately 62,300 for rental payments regarding our robots and is owed additional amounts for certain other
advances and reimbursements. 

Related parties of the
Company, including our Chief Executive Officer and our General Counsel, have from time to time made an unsecured non-interest
bearing advances that are due upon demand. On December 30, 2022, we issued our Chief Executive Officer 1,000,000 of
shares of our common stock at a price per share of 0.67551 in exchange for obligations owed by us to this individual. 

We use the services of Galleros
Robinson, Certified Public Accountants, LLP, a CPA and Advisory firm, for certain accounting services in the ordinary course. Richard
Levychin is a partner of this firm. We paid this firm approximately 37,500 during 2022 and accrued an accounts payable of approximately
 10,500 as of December 31, 2022. 

Approval of Related Party Transactions 

The foregoing transactions were
approved by the independent members of the Board without the related party having input with respect to the discussion of such approval.
In addition, the Board believes that the foregoing transactions were necessary for our business and each such transaction were on terms
no less favorable to us than would reasonably be expected to be obtained from independent third parties. Our policy requiring that independent
directors approve any related party transaction is not evidenced in writing but has been the Company s consistent practice. 

51 

Director
Independence 

Because
our common stock is not currently listed on a national securities exchange, we have used the definition of independence 
of The NASDAQ Stock Market to make this determination. NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that an independent director 
is a person other than an officer or employee of the Company or any other individual having a relationship that, in the opinion of the
Company s Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director.
The NASDAQ listing rules provide that a director cannot be considered independent if: 

the
 director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an employee of the Company; 

the
 director or a family member of the director accepted any compensation from the Company in excess of 120,000 during any period of
 12 consecutive months within the three years preceding the independence determination (subject to certain exclusions, including,
 among other things, compensation for board or board committee service); 

a
 family member of the director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an executive officer of the Company; 

the
 director or a family member of the director is a partner in, controlling stockholder of, or an executive officer of an entity to
 which the Company made, or from which the Company received, payments in the current or any of the past three fiscal years that exceed
 5 of the recipient s consolidated gross revenue for that year or 200,000, whichever is greater (subject to certain exclusions); 

the
 director or a family member of the director is employed as an executive officer of an entity where, at any time during the past three
 years, any of the executive officers of the Company served on the compensation committee of such other entity; or 

the
 director or a family member of the director is a current partner of the Company s outside auditor, or at any time during the
 past three years was a partner or employee of the Company s outside auditor, and who worked on the Company s audit. 

We
have determined, based on the foregoing definition, that a majority of the directors of our Board are independent, and that such directors
are Elizabeth Caveness, Alan H. Channing, Jeffrey A. Coleman and Richard Levychin. 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Our Audit Committee regularly reviews and determines
whether specific non-audit projects or expenditures with our independent registered public accounting firm potentially affect its independence.
Our Audit Committee s policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our public accounting firm.
Pre-approval is generally provided by our Audit Committee for up to one year, as detailed as to the particular service or category of
services to be rendered and is generally subject to a specific budget. Our Audit Committee may also pre-approve additional services of
specific engagements on a case-by-case basis. 

The
following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed to us by our public accounting firms for 2022 and 2021, all of which were pre- approved
by our Audit Committee: 

Year
Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Turner, Stone 
 Company, L.L.P 

Audit fees 
 250,000 
 200,000 
 
 All other fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 Total Fees 
 250,000 
 200,000 

52 

PART
IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
Financial Statements 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the 2021 Audited financial statements (PCAOB ID: 
 F-1 

Consolidated
 financial statements: 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Mezzanine Equity, Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Deficit 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 

Notes
 to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(b)
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
consolidated financial statement schedules are included in the footnotes to the financial statements, are inapplicable, or otherwise
not required. 

53 

(c)
Exhibits 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

1. 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 

2.1 
 
 Certificate
 of Merger effective September 9, 2021, at 6:00 pm Eastern Time regarding the merger of AIU Special Merger Company, Inc. with Allied
 Integral United, Inc. with Allied Integral United, Inc. being the surviving corporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 2.1 
 
 09/10/2021 

2.2 
 
 Merger Agreement dated as of April 5, 2023, by and among Viveon Health Acquisition Corp., Clearday, Inc., VHAC2 Merger Sub, Inc., Viveon Health LLC and Clearday SR LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 2.1 
 
 04/11/2023 

3.1 
 
 Restated
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company as amended through March 1, 2006 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 3.1 
 
 March
 17. 2010 

3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed March 11, 2013 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 3.1 
 
 March
 14, 2013 

3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed July 18, 2016 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 3.1 
 
 July
 18, 2016 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed July 19, 2018, effective July 24, 2018 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-226025 
 
 3.4 
 
 July
 19, 2018 

3.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed September 10, 2020 
 
 8-K

000-21074 
 
 3.1

09/10/2020 

3.6 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws of the Company 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 3.1 
 
 March
 17. 2010 
 
 3.7 
 
 Amendment
 adopted March 29, 2010, to Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 3(ii).1 
 
 April
 2, 2010 

3.8 
 
 Amendment
 adopted October 28, 2013, to Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 3(ii).1 
 
 October
 31, 2013 

3.9 
 
 Amendment
 to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed in connection with the AIU Merger to affect a reverse stock split of the common
 stock and change the name of the Company 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 3.1 
 
 09/10/2021 

3.10 
 
 Amendment
 to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed in connection with the AIU Merger to increase the number of authorized shares 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 3.1 
 
 09/10/2021 

4.1 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Certificate 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 4.1 
 
 04/15/2022 

4.2 
 
 Form
 of the Series F Preferred Stock Certificate 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 4.2 
 
 04/15/2022 

54 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 4.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company filed November 13, 2007 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 3.1 
 
 11/15/2007 

4.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Designations of 6.75 Series F Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 3.1 
 
 09/10/2021 

4.5 
 
 Form
 of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock issued by the Company on August 2, 2016 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 4.1 
 
 08/02/2016 

4.6 
 
 Form
 of Placement Agent Warrant to Purchase Common Stock issued by the Company on August 2, 2016 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 4.2 
 
 08/02/2016 

4.7 
 
 Form
 of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock issued by the Company on December 14, 2016 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-214433 
 
 4.24 
 
 12/06/2016 

4.8 
 
 Form
 of Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by the Company on March 9, 2018 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 4.1 
 
 03/09/2018 

4.9 
 
 Form
 of Placement Agent Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by the Company on March 9, 2018 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 4.2 
 
 03/09/2018 

4.10 
 
 Form
 of Series A Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by the Company on March 9, 2018 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 4.3 
 
 03/09/2018 

4.11 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by the Company on July 30, 2018 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-226025 
 
 4.27 
 
 07/24/2018 

4.12 
 
 Form
 of Placement Agent Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by the Company on July 30, 2018 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-226025 
 
 4.28 
 
 07/24/2018 

4.13 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated July 1, 2022, for 900,000 shares of common stock issued to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.3 
 
 07/08/2022 

4.14 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated January 12, 2023, for 851,000 shares of common stock issued to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.4 
 
 01/19/2023 

4.15 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated January 12, 2023, for 1,134,000 shares of common stock issued to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.3 
 
 01/19/2023 

4.16 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued February 17, 2023, for 225,000 shares of common stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.2 
 
 02/24/2023 

4.17 
 
 Description
of Securities 

10.1 
 
 2003
 Equity Incentive Plan as Amended May 25, 2005+ 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.1 
 
 05/27/2005 

55 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form
 of Notice of Grant of Stock Options and Option Agreement for 2003 Equity Incentive Plan+ 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.51 
 
 03/16/2005 

10.3 
 
 Management
 Incentive Plan (adopted July 24, 2006) + 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.1 
 
 07/28/2006 

10.4 
 
 STI
 (pre AIU Merger) Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement+ 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.27 
 
 03/12/2015 

10.5 
 
 2013
 Equity Incentive Plan adopted October 25, 2013, and forms of Award Agreements + 
 
 Sch.
 14A 
 
 000-21074 
 
 Ex.
 A 
 
 10/31/2013 

10.6.1 
 
 Settlement
 Agreement dated as of July 31, 2019 by and among Invesque Holdings, LP Invesque ), MHI-MC New Braunfels, LP New
 Braunfels ), MHI-MC San Antonio, LP San Antonio ), and MHI Little Rock, LP Little Rock together
 with New Braunfels and San Antonio, the Landlords together with Invesque, the Landlord Parties ), Memory
 Care America LLC MCA ), MCA Mainstreet Tenant LLC MCA Mainstreet ), MCA Westover Hills Operating Company,
 LLC MCA Westover Operating ), MCA Management Company, Inc. MCA Management MCA New Braunfels Operating
 Company, LLC MCA New Braunfels ), MCA Westover Hills, LLC MCA Westover ), and Memory Care at Good Shepherd,
 LLC MCA Good Shepherd together with MCA, MCA Mainstreet, MCA Westover Operating, MCA Management, MCA New Braunfels,
 and MCA Westover, the Debtors ), Trident Healthcare Properties I, L.P. Trident ), Steve Person Mr.
 Person ), James Walesa Mr. Walesa ), and B.J. Parrish 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.6.2 
 
 Second
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note dated July 31, 2019 in the initial principal amount of 3,328,105.65 issued by Memory Care America
 LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company MCA ), MCA Mainstreet Tenant LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company
 MCA Mainstreet ), MCA Westover Hills Operating Company, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company MCA Westover
 Operating ), MCA Management Company, Inc. MCA Management ), a Tennessee corporation, MCA New Braunfels Operating
 Company, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company MCA New Braunfels ), MCA Westover Hills, LLC, a Delaware limited
 liability company MCA Westover ), and Memory Care at Good Shepherd, LLC, an Arkansas limited liability company MCA
 Good Shepherd together with MCA, MCA Mainstreet, MCA Westover Operating, MCA New Braunfels, and MCA Westover, the Debtors ),
 to the order Invesque Holdings, LP, a Delaware limited partnership Invesque ), MHI-MC New Braunfels, LP, a Delaware
 limited partnership New Braunfels ), MHI-MC San Antonio, LP, a Delaware limited partnership San Antonio ),
 and MHI Little Rock, LP, a Delaware limited partnership Little Rock together with Invesque, New Braunfels and San
 Antonio, together with their respective successors and assigns, the Landlord Parties 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/19/2021 

56 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 10.6.3 
 
 Second Amendment to Lease Agreement dated as of July 31, 2019 by and between MHI-MC San Antonio, LP, a Delaware limited partnership Landlord ), and MCA Mainstreet Tenant, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company Tenant and the First Amendment to such Lease Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2018 and the Lease Agreement, dated December 16, 2016 (the Original Lease ), regarding the memory care facility located on the Leased Property and commonly known as Memory Care of Westover Hills 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.3 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.6.4 
 
 Second Amendment To Lease Agreement dated as of July 31, 2019 by and between MHI-MC New Braunfels, LP, a Delaware limited partnership Landlord ), and MCA Mainstreet Tenant, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company Tenant and the First Amendment to such Lease Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2018 and the Lease Agreement, dated December 16, 2016, regarding the memory care facility located on the Leased Property and commonly known as Memory Care of New Braunfels 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.4 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.6.5 
 
 Second Amendment To Lease Agreement dated as of July 31, 2019 by and between MHI Little Rock, LP, a Delaware limited partnership Landlord ), and MCA Mainstreet Tenant, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company Tenant and the First Amendment to such Lease Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2018 and the Lease Agreement, dated December 16, 2016 regarding memory care facility located on the Leased Property and commonly known as Memory Care of Little Rock 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.5 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.6.6 
 
 Amended, Restated and Consolidated Guaranty Agreement dates as of July 31, 2019, by each guarantor named therein to Invesque Holdings, LP, a Delaware limited partnership and the other guaranteed parties named therein as to the obligations described therein 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.6 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.6.7 
 
 Reaffirmation of Pledge Agreement dated as of July 31, 2019, by Trident Healthcare Properties I, LP, a Delaware limited partnership for the benefit of Invesque Holdings, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (successor-in-interest to Invesque Financing, LP, formerly known as Mainstreet Health Financing, LP) 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.7 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.7 
 
 Lease Agreement dated as of February 3, 2016, by and between MC-Simpsonville, SC-1 UT, LLC, a Utah limited liability company and MCA Simpsonville Operating Company, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company; and First Amendment thereto dated as of October 17, 2017, and Second Amendment thereto dated as of March 12, 2018, and the Third Amendment thereto dated as of May ___, 2018 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.8 
 
 11/19/2021 

57 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 10.8.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Promissory Note dated April 1, 2015, by Memory Care America, LLC as the maker, payable to the order of Betty Gearhart in
 the original principal amount of 238,577.81 and the Amendment thereto dated April 1, 2017, and the Second Amendment thereto dated
 March 5, 2020 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.10 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.8.2 
 
 Assignment
 and Security Agreement dated July 13, 2012, by and between Memory Care America, LLC and Betty Gearhart, as the secured party 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.11 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.9 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Promissory Note dated as of April 1, 2019, by Allied Integral United, Inc., now known as Clearday Operations, Inc.,
 payable to The Five C s LLC in the principal amount of 325,000 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.12 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.10.1 
 
 Mortgage
 and Security Agreement dated April 28, 2021, by MCA Naples, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company in favor of Benworth Capital
 Partners, LLC, a Florida limited liability company 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.13.1 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.10.2 
 
 Solvency Affidavit by James Walesa and MCA Naples Holdings, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company, in favor of Benworth Capital Partners, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, dated April 28, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.13.2 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.10.3 
 
 Subordination Agreement dated April 28, 2021, by and among Benworth Capital Partners, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, MCA Naples, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company and James Walesa 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.13.3 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.10.4 
 
 Continuing and Unconditional Guaranty dated April 28, 2021, by MCA Naples Holding, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company in favor of Benworth Capital Partners, LLC, a Florida limited liability company 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.13.4 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.10.5 
 
 Deed in Lieu Agreement dated April 28, 2021, by MCA Naples, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company and the escrow agent named therein in favor of Benworth Capital Partners, LLC, a Florida limited liability company 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.13.5 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.10.6 
 
 Assignment of Rents and Leases dated April 28, 2021, by MCA Naples, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company, as assignor, and Benworth Capital Partners, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, as assignee 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.13.6 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.10.7 
 
 Subordination, non-disturbance and Attornment Agreement dated April 28, 2021, by and among Benworth Capital Partners, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, MCA Naples Operating Company, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company, and MCA Naples, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.13.7 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.10.8 
 
 Continuing and Unconditional Guaranty dated April 28, 2021, by James Walesa in favor of Benworth Capital Partners, LLC, a Florida limited liability company 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.13.8 
 
 11/19/2021 

58 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 10.10.9 
 
 Loan Agreement dated April 28, 2021, by and between MCA Naples, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company and Benworth Capital Partners, LLC, a Florida limited liability company 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.13.9 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.10.10 
 
 Promissory Note dated April 28, 2021, by MCA Naples, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company payable to the order of Benworth Capital Partners, LLC, a Florida limited liability company and the ACH Rider thereto 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.13.10 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.11.1 

Business Loan Agreement by and among Stearns Bank National Association, as the Lender, and Leander Associates, Ltd., as the Borrower, dated as of February 10, 2022 and the related Promissory Note by the Borrower in the aggregate principal of 805,000, Commercial Guaranty by James Walesa as the Guarantor, the Commercial Security Agreement and Deed of Trust regarding the property located at Leander, Texas owned by the Borrower, Assignment of Rent by the Borrower, Hazardous Substances Certificate and Indemnity Agreement, Compliance Agreement, and Agreement to Provide Insurance 

10.11.2 
 
 Forbearance Agreement dated as of May 23, 2023 by and among Stearns Bank National Association, as the Lender, Leander Associates LTD, as the Borrower, and James T. Walesa, as the Guarantor 

10.11.3 
 
 Guaranty Agreement dated October 4, 2018, by James Walesa in favor of Equity Secured Investments, Inc 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.14.3 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.12.1 
 
 Commercial Loan Agreement dated as of March 26, 2021, by and among AIU 8800 Village Drive, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the borrower, James Walesa, as the guarantor, and Equity Secured Fund I, LLC, as the borrower 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.15.1 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.12.2 
 
 Environmental Indemnification Agreement dated as of March 26, 2021, by and among AIU 8800 Village Drive, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the borrower, James Walesa, as the guarantor, and Equity Secured Fund I, LLC, as the borrower 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.15.2 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.12.3 
 
 Assignment of Leases and Rents dated as of March 26, 2021, by AIU 8800 Village Drive, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company in favor of Equity Secured Fund I, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.15.3 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.12.4 
 
 Promissory Note dated March 26, 2021, by AIU 8800 Village Drive, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, payable to the order of Equity Secured Fund I, LLC in the initial principal amount of 1,000,000 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.15.4 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.12.5 
 
 Deed of Trust with Security Agreement and Assignment of Rents dated March 26, 2021, by AIU 8800 Village Drive, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, unto the trustee named therein 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.15.5 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.12.6 
 
 Guaranty Agreement dated March 26, 2021, by James Walesa in favor of Equity Secured Fund I, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.15.6 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.13.1 
 
 Term
 Promissory Note dated July 23, 2018, by SRP Artesia, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as borrower, payable to the order of
 First Capital Bank of Texas, N.A., a national banking association, as lender in the initial principal amount of
 266,048.29 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.16.1 
 
 11/19/2021 

59 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 10.13.2 
 
 Renewal,
 Extension and Amendment Agreement regarding the amendment to the Deed of Trust and Security Agreement regarding the Term Promissory
 Note issued by SRP Artesia, LLC payable to the order of First Capital Bank of Texas, N.A., a national banking
 association 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.16.2 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.14 
 
 Purchase Agreement dated as of August 18, 2021, by and between CFG Merchant Solutions, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the buyer, and MCA Naples, LLC, as Seller and the personal guaranty of performance of the obligations thereunder dated as of August 18, 2021, by Christen Hemmens and the Additional Seller Addendum thereto, and the Consent and Reaffirmation of the Guarantor thereto 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.19 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.15 
 
 Operations Transfer, Interim Management and Security Agreement dated as of September 9, 2021, by and between MCA Simpsonville Operating Company, LLC and Brookstone Terrace of Simpsonville, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.20 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.16 
 
 Standard Merchant Cash Advance Agreement dated as of September 10, 2021, by and between LG Funding LLC, as the merchant, and each of MCA Naples, LLC, Memory Care America LLC, MCA Management Company, Inc., MCA Naples Operating Company, LLC and MCA Naples Holdings, LLC, the addendums thereto, and the guarantee of the obligations thereunder dated as of September 10, 2021 by Christin Hemmens 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.21 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.17 
 
 Futures Receipts Sale and Purchase Agreement dated as of September 28, 2021, by and between MCA New Braunfels Operating Company LLC and Cloudfund LLC d/b/a Samson Group and the Personal Guaranty of Performance by James Walesa for the benefit of Cloudfund LLC d/b/a Samson Group dated September 28, 2021 and the addendums thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.1 
 
 10/04/2021 

60 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 10.18 
 
 Revenue Purchase Agreement and Security Agreement and Guaranty of Performance dated September 28, 2021, between Samson MCA LLC, as the funder, and MCA New Braunfels Operating Company LLC and the Security Agreement and Guaranty of Performance and the Appendixes thereof, and the Personal Guaranty of Performance by James Walesa for the benefit of Samson MCA LLC dated September 28, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.2 
 
 10/04/2021 

10.19 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of October 26, 2021, by and between MCA Naples, LLC and the purchasers party thereto and the form of the Tenants in Common Agreement among MCA Naples, LLC and the other holders of the undivided interests in the property named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.1 
 And 
 10.2 
 
 11/01/2021 

10.20 
 
 Form of the Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Clearday Alternative Care OZ Fund LP 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.26 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.21.1 
 
 Business Loan Agreement dated October 2, 2019, by and among Memory Care America LLC, MCA New Braunfels Operating Company, LLC and James T. Walesa and ServisFirst Bank, and the Change in Terms Agreement thereto 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.28.1 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.21.2 
 
 Commercial Guaranty dated October 2, 2019, BJ Parrish, as the guarantor, in favor of ServisFirst Bank with respect to the obligations of under the Business Loan Agreement dated as of even date 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.28.2 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.21.3 
 
 Commercial Guaranty dated October 2, 2019, by John S. Person, as the guarantor, in favor of ServisFirst Bank with respect to the obligations of under the Business Loan Agreement dated as of even date 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.28.3 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.33.4 
 
 Commercial Security Agreement dated October 2, 2019, by and among MCA New Braunfels Operating Company, LLC, as the grantor, Memory Care America LLC, MCA New Braunfels Operating Company, LLC and James T. Walesa, as the borrowers, and ServisFirst Bank and the lender 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.28.4 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.34.2 
 
 Warrant dated August 10, 2021the purchase of shares of Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, of Clearday, Inc., issued to Sterling Select II Advisory LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.29.2 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.35 
 
 Services Agreement dated as of March 6, 2019, by and between Thinktiv, Inc. and Allied Integral United, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.30 
 
 11/19/2021 

61 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 10.36 
 
 Amended And Restated Backstop Indemnity Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2020, by and among (a) Allied Integral United, Inc., (the Corporation and each of Steve Person, and James Walesa, and BJ Parrish 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.31 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.37.1 
 
 Simpsonville Backstop Indemnity Agreement dated as of July 30, 2020, by and among James Walesa and Allied Integral United, Inc. and the Amendment thereto dated as of January 19, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.32.1 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.37.2 
 
 Securities Pledge Agreement dated as of January 19, 2021, by and among James Walesa and Allied Integral United, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.32.2 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.38 
 
 Form of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement by and among Clearday, Inc. and the grantee named therein 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.33 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.39 
 
 Form of the Indemnity Agreement by and among Clearday, Inc. and the officer or director named therein + 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.34 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.41 
 
 Form of the Officer Agreements with certain officers of STI + 
 
 S-4 
 
 333-256138 
 
 Ex.
 F 
 
 06/14/2021 

10.43 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2021, by and between MCA Naples, LLC, and the purchasers party thereto regarding sale of undivided interests in land 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/01/2021 

10.44 
 
 Strategic Alliance, Development and Distribution Terms Agreement by and between Clearday Management Ltd., and Invento Research Inc. dated as of November 11, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/17/2021 

10.45 
 
 Form of the Warrant issued to the Investors in securities issued by AIU Alternative Care, Inc. and Clearday Alternative Care OZ Fund LP 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.37 
 
 11/19/2021 

10.46 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of February 18, 2022, by and between MCA Naples, LLC and the purchaser party thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.1 
 
 02/25/2022 

10.47.1 
 
 Purchase Agreement dated as of February 28, 2022, by and between MCA and CFG Merchant Solutions, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.1 
 
 03/04/2022 

10.47.2 
 
 Personal Guaranty of Performance by Christen Hemmens for the benefit of CFG Merchant Solutions, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.2 
 
 03/04/2022 

10.47.3 
 
 Agreement of Sale of Future Receipts by and between Memory Care At Good Shepherd, LLC, as the Merchant, and James Walesa as Guarantor, and Libertas Funding LLC, as the Purchaser 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.3 
 
 03/04/2022 

62 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 10.48.1 
 
 Futures Receipts Sale and Purchase Agreement dated as of March 16, 2022, between MCA and Cloudfund LLC d/b/a Samson Group and Personal Guaranty of Performance dated as of March 16, 2022, between James Walesa and Cloudfund LLC d/b/a Samson Group 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.1 
 
 03/22/2022 

10.48.2 
 
 Revenue Purchase Agreement and Security Agreement and Guaranty of Performance dated as of March 16, 2022, between MCA and Samson MCA LLC and the Security Agreement and Guaranty of Performance dated March 16, 2022, by James Walesa 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.2 
 
 03/22/2022 

10.49 
 
 Merchant Agreement dated as of March 24, 2022, by and among MCA Westover Hills Operating Company, LLC MCA and PIRS Capital, LLC Merchant and the related Guaranty dated as of March 24, 2022, by James Walesa 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.1 
 
 03/30/2022 

10.50.1 
 
 Form of Promissory Note dated April 5, 2022, in the principal amount of 172,200 payable to the lender specified therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.1 
 
 04/11/2022 

10.50.2 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 5, 2022, by and between Clearday, Inc. and Sixth Street Lending LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.2 
 
 04/11/2022 

10.52 
 
 Merchant Cash Advance Agreement, effective April 12, 2022, by and between LG Funding LLC and MCA Naples LLC and its affiliates named therein and the Personal Guaranty by Christin Hemmens 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.52 
 
 04/15/2022 

10.53 
 
 Merchant Agreement dated April 13, 2022, by Premium Merchant Funding 18, LLC and Memory Care At Good Shepherd LLC 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.53 
 
 04/15/2022 

10.54 
 
 Future
 Receipts Sale and Purchase Agreement dated as of May 24, 2022, by and among MCA Naples Operating Company LLC MCA
 Naples and Cloudfund LLC d/b/a Samson Group including the Personal Guaranty of Performance dated as of even date by James
 Walesa in favor of such purchaser 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.1 
 
 05/31/2022 

10.55 
 
 Revenue Purchase and Security Agreement and Guaranty of Performance dated as of May 25, 2022, by and among Memory Care at Good Shepard LLC MCA Good Shepard and Samson MCA LLC including the Guaranty of Performance dated as of even date by James Walesa 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.2 
 
 05/31/2022 

10.56.1 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 27, 2022, by and between Clearday, Inc., and the purchaser named therein. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.3 
 
 05/31/2022 

10.56.2 
 
 Promissory Note dated May 27, 2022, in the original principal amount of 172,200 including the original issue discount stated therein, by Clearday, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.4 
 
 05/31/2022 

10.57 
 
 Promissory Note and Amendment dated July 7, 2022, in the principal amount of 550,000 to A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.5 
 
 07/08/2022 

10.58.1 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of July 1, 2022, by and between the Company and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.1 
 
 07/08/2022 

63 

10.58.2 
 
 Promissory Note dated July 1, 2022, issued by the Company to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. in the initial principal amount of 600,000. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.2 
 
 07/08/2022 

10.58.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of July 1, 2022, by and between the Company and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.4 
 
 07/08/2022 

10.59 
 
 Future Receipts Sale and Purchase Agreement dated as of July 13, 2022, by and among MCA New Braunfels Operating Company LLC MCA New Braunfels and Cloudfund LLC d/b/a Samson Group including the Personal Guaranty of Performance dated as of even date by James Walesa in favor of such purchaser 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.1 
 
 07/19/2022 

10.60 
 
 Revenue Purchase and Security Agreement and Guaranty of Performance dated as of July 13, 2022, by and among MCA Westover Hills Operating Company LLC MCA Westover and Samson MCA LLC including the Guaranty of Performance dated as of even date by James Walesa 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.2 
 
 07/19/2022 

10.61 
 
 Future Receivables Sale and Purchase Agreement dated as of July 20, 2022, by and among MCA Westover Hills Operating Company LLC MCA Westover and Fox Capital Group, Inc., including the Guaranty of Performance dated as of even date by James Walesa in favor of such purchaser. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.1 
 
 07/25/2022 

10.62 
 
 Revenue Purchase Agreement dated as of July 20, 2022, by and among MCA Westover and Samson MCA LLC and the Security Agreement and the Guaranty of Performance each dated as of even date 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.2 
 
 07/25/2022 

10.63 
 
 Revenue Purchase Agreement dated as of July 21, 2022, by and among MCA Naples Operating Company LLC MCA Naples and Swift Funding Source and the Security Agreement and the Guaranty of Performance each dated as of even date. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.3 
 
 07/25/2022 

10.64.1 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of September 28, 2022, by and between the Company and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.1 
 
 10/04/2022 

10.64.2 
 
 Promissory Note dated September 28, 2022, issued by the Company to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. in the initial principal amount of 600,000 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.2 
 
 10/04/2022 

10.64.3 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated September 28, 2022, for 900,000 shares of common stock issued to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.3 
 
 10/04/2022 

10.64.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of September 28, 2022, by and between the Company and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.4 
 
 10/04/2022 

10.65.1 
 
 Form of Promissory Note in the principal amount of 116,760 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/27/2022 

10.65.2 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement by and between Clearday, Inc. and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.2 
 
 12/27/2022 

10.66 
 
 Restricted Stock Award and Issuance Agreement between Clearday, Inc. and James T. Walesa dated as of December 30, 2022. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.1 
 
 01/03/2023 

10.68.1 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of January 12, 2023, by and between the Company and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.1 
 
 01/19/2023 

10.68.2 
 
 Promissory Note dated January 12, 2023, issued by the Company to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. in the initial principal amount of 600,000. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.2 
 
 01/19/2023 

10.68.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of January 12, 2023, by and between the Company and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.5 
 
 01/19/2023 

10.68.4 
 
 Guaranty dated as of January 12, 2023, by SRP Artesia, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.6 
 
 01/19/2023 

10.69 
 
 Agreement to Convert Obligations dated as of January 27, 2023 (Thinktiv, Inc.) 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.1 
 
 02/02/2023 

64 

10.70.1 
 
 Form of Promissory Note dated February 10, 2023, in the principal amount of 194,360. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/16/2023 

10.70.2 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2023, by and between Clearday, Inc. and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.2 
 
 2/16/2023 

10.71.1 
 
 Promissory Note dated February 17, 2023, in the principal amount of 172,217. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.1 
 
 02/24/2023 

10.71.2 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2023, by and between Clearday, Inc. and Jefferson Street Capital LLC. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.3 
 
 02/24/2023 

10.72 
 
 Form of the Convertible Promissory Note issued by AIU Alternative Care, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.4 
 
 02/24/2023 

10.73 
 
 Lease Termination Agreement dated as of March 31, 2023, by and among certain subsidiaries of Clearday, Inc. party thereto and the other parties thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.1 
 
 04/06/2023 

10.74 
 
 Promissory Note dated March 31, 2023, in the aggregate principal amount of 2,995,547.44 executed by certain subsidiaries of Clearday, Inc. named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.2 
 
 04/06/2023 

10.75 
 
 Guaranty dated March 31, 2023, by Clearday, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.3 
 
 04/06/2023 

10.76 
 
 Operations Transfer Agreement dated as of April 1, 2023, by and among certain subsidiaries of Clearday, Inc. and the new operators named therein of the specified residential care facilities 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.4 
 
 04/06/2023 

10.77 
 
 Interim Management and Security Agreement dated as of April 1, 2023, by and between MCA Westover Hills Operating Company, LLC operated under the Memory Care America name, and the new operator party thereto regarding the facility located at San Antonio, Texas 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.5 
 
 04/06/2023 

10.78 
 
 Interim Management and Security Agreement dated as of April 1, 2023, by and between MCA New Braunfels Operating Company, LLC operated under the Memory Care America name, and the new operator party thereto regarding the facility located at New Braunfels, Texas 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.6 
 
 04/06/2023 

10.79 
 
 Consulting and Security Agreement dated as of April 1, 2023, by and between Memory Care at Good Shepard, LLC, operated under the Memory Care America name and the new operator party thereto regarding the facility located at Little Rock, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.7 
 
 04/06/2023 

10.80 
 
 Form of Parent Stockholder Support Agreement dated as of April 5, 2023, by and among Viveon Health Acquisition Corp., Clearday, Inc. and certain stockholders of Viveon Health Acquisition Corp. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.1 
 
 04/11/2023 

10.81 
 
 Form of Company Support Agreement dated as of April 5, 2023, by and among Viveon Health Acquisition Corp., Clearday, Inc. and certain stockholders of Clearday, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.2 
 
 04/11/2023 

10.82 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement, between the Holder (defined therein) and Viveon Health Acquisition Corp. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.3 
 
 04/11/2023 

10.83 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, by and among Clearday, Inc. (formerly known as Viveon Health Acquisition Corp.), certain stockholders of Viveon Health Acquisition Corp. and certain stockholders of Clearday, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 10.4 
 
 04/11/2023 

10.84 
 
 Form of the Stockdale Property Sale and Repurchase Right Agreement dated as of May 22, 2023 by and among James Walesa and Stockdale Associates, Ltd. 

14 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-21074 
 
 14 
 
 04/15/2022 

21 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 

31.1 
 
 Statement of CEO Pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Statement of CFO Pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Statement of CEO Pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Statement of CFO Pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101 
 
 Financials
 provided in Inline XBRL format. (38) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibits 101) 

Filed herewith 

Furnished, not filed 

+
This exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

(a) 
 Exhibits .
 See Item 15(a) above. 

ITEM
 16. 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

65 

Your
Vision Our Focus 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board
of Directors and Shareholders 

 Clearday,
Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Clearday, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, mezzanine equity, convertible preferred stock and stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the
two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Clearday, Inc. as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the entity will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the entity has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note
1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to Clearday, Inc. in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Clearday,
Inc. is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our
audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole 8 , and we are not, by communicating the
critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they
relate. 

Turner,
 Stone Company, L.L.P. 

Accountants
 and Consultants 
 
 12700
 Park Central Drive, Suite 1400 
 
 Dallas,
 Texas 75251 
 
 Telephone:
 972-239-1660 Facsimile: 972-239-1665 
 
 Toll
 Free: 877-853-4195 
 
 Web
 site: turnerstone.com 
 INTERNATIONAL
 ASSOCIATION OF ACCOUNTANTS AND AUDITORS 

F- 1 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

As
disclosed in Notes 2, 6 and 12 to the financial statements, the Company had various debt instruments which included conversion
features requiring bifurcation and separate accounting. Management evaluated the required accounting, significant estimates, and
judgements around the valuation for these embedded derivatives. These embedded derivatives were initially measured at fair value and
have subsequently been remeasured to fair value at each reporting period. 

There
is no current observable market for these types of features and, as such, the Company determined the fair value of the embedded derivatives
using an option pricing model to measure the fair value of the bifurcated derivative. As a result, a high degree of auditor judgment
and effort was required in performing audit procedures to evaluate the conclusions reached by management as well as the inputs to the
Company s option pricing model. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed In the Audit 

Our
principal audit procedures performed to address this critical audit matter included the following: 

- 
 We
 obtained an understanding of the controls and processes surrounding the evaluation, initial measurement and revaluation of the bifurcated
 derivatives. 

- 
 We
 evaluated management s assessment and the conclusions reached to ensure these instruments were recorded in accordance with
 the relevant accounting guidance. 

- 
 We
 evaluated the fair value of the bifurcated derivatives that included testing the valuation models and assumptions utilized by management.
 We reviewed and tested the fair value model used, significant assumptions, and underlying data used in the model. 

/s/

We have served as Clearday, Inc. s auditor since 2022. 

May
25, 2023 

F- 2 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable,
 net 

Prepaid expenses and other
 current assets 

Other current assets 
 - 

Total
 current assets 

Patents and development 
 - 

Operating lease right-of-use
 assets 

Land and buildings 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture fixtures equipment 

Work in progress 

Intangible assets 

Other long-term assets 

Non-current
 assets held for sale 
 - 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE EQUITY, CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK
 AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Derivative liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued interest 
 
 - 
 
 Due to related parties 

Deferred revenue 
 
 - 
 
 Current portion long-term debt 

Notes payable 
 - 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Current
 liabilities related to assets held for sale 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Operating lease liabilities 

Long-term debt, less current
 portion, net 

Non-current
 liabilities related to assets held for sale 
 - 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Mezzanine equity 

Series F 
 Convertible Preferred Stock, 
 par value, 
 share authorized, 
 and 
 issued and outstanding on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Liquidation value 
 and 
 on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Stockholders deficit 

Preferred Stock, par value, 
 shares authorized 

Series A Convertible Preferred
 Stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, as of December 31, 2022
 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Liquidation value of and on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Preferred stock value 

Common Stock, 
 par value, 
 and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Clearday, Inc. Stockholders 
 deficit: 

Non-controlling
 interest in subsidiaries 

Total
 deficit 

TOTAL
 LIABLITIES, MEZZANINE EQUITY AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

See
accompanying notes to the audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

December 31 

2022 
 
 2021 

REVENUES 

Resident fee
 revenue, net 

Adult day care 

Commercial
 property rental revenue 

Total
 revenues 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Wages general operating expenses 

Selling, general and administrative
 expenses 

Loss on impairment 
 - 

Depreciation
 expense 

Amortization
 of right of use assets 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other (income) expenses 

Interest expense 

PPP loan forgiveness 

Derivative financing costs 
 
 - 
 
 Fair value of derivatives 
 
 - 
 
 Extinguishment of debt 
 
 - 
 
 Early lease termination fee 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on disposal of assets 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on sales of investments 
 - 

Gain
 on the termination of a lease 

() 

Other (income)/expenses 

Total
 other (income)/expenses 

Net loss from continuing
 operations 

Income from discontinued
 operations, net of tax 
 - 

Net loss attributable to Clearday s stockholders 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling
 interest 

Preferred stock dividend 

Net
 loss available to common stockholders 

Basic and diluted loss per
 share attributable to Clearday, Inc. 

Net loss from continued
 operations 

Net
 loss/income from discontinued operations 

Net loss 

Weighted average common
 shares basic and diluted outstanding 

See
accompanying notes to the audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Clearday,
Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Mezzanine Equity, Convertible
Preferred Stock and Stockholders Deficit 

Mezzanine Equity Series F Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock Series A 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid- in 
 Accumulated 
 Clearday, Inc. Stockholders 
 Non-Controlling 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

Stock compensation for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance of common stock in connection with reverse merger 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Issuance of Series I Convertible Preferred Stock in subsidiary 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

PIK dividends on Convertible Preferred Stock F 

- 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Issuance of partnership units in subsidiary 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Series F Incentive Common Stock 

Series F Incentive Common Stock, shares 

Shares issued for Loan 

Shares issued for loan, shares 

Dissolution of Longhorn Hospitality 

Redemption of series F shares 

Redemption of series F shares, shares 

Officer Compensation and debt conversion 

Officer Compensation and debt conversion, shares 

Derivative Payment discount 

Redemption of fractional shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Warrants Issued for Service 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Mezzanine Equity Series F Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock Series A 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid- in 
 Accumulated 
 Clearday, Inc. Stockholders 
 Non-Controlling 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 

Balance 

PIK dividends accruals on Convertible Preferred Stock F 

- 

Series F Incentive Common Stock 

- 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Accrued of series I Convertible Preferred Stock in subsidiary 

- 

- 

Derivative Payment discount 

Stock Compensation for services 

- 

Shares issued for Loan 

Redemption of series F shares 

- 

Officer Compensation and debt conversion 

- 

Net loss 

- 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Balance 

See
accompanying notes to the audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING
 ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Loss from discontinued
 operations, net of tax 
 - 

Loss from continued operations 

Adjustments required to reconcile net loss
 to cash flows used in operating activities 

Depreciation expense 

Amortization of right of
 use assets 

Stock based compensation 

Shares issued for loan commitment 
 
 - 
 
 Financing costs from derivative liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on termination of lease 
 
 - 
 
 Net loss attributed to non-controlling interest in subsidiaries 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of assets 
 - 

Amortization of derivative discount 
 
 - 
 
 Series I preferred stock accumulated dividend 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of the derivative 
 
 - 
 
 Allowance for doubtful
 accounts 
 - 

Amortization of debt issuance
 costs 

Gain of PPP loan forgiveness 
 ) 

Extinguishment of debt 
 
 - 
 
 Redemption of fractional shares 
 - 

Loss (gain) on the sale of fixed assets 
 
 - 
 
 Loss of patents 
 
 - 
 
 Warrants issues for services 
 - 

Unrealized gain on securities 
 - 

Changes in operating assets
 and liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Accounts receivable 

Other current assets 
 - 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 
 - 

Accrued interest 
 - 

Accrued liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred revenue 

Due to relate parties 
 
 - 
 
 Other non-current assets 

Other current liabilities 

Change
 in operating lease liability 
 - 

Net cash used in activities
 of continuing operations 

Net
 cash provided by operating activities of discontinued operations 
 - 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING
 ACTIVITIES 

Payments for property and
 equipment 

Proceeds from PP E 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from TIC interest 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from sale of non-consolidated
 subsidiary: 
 - 

Payment for capitalized
 software costs 
 - 

Payment
 for acquisitions 
 - 

Net cash provided by (used
 in) investing activities of the continuing operations 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Repayment of debt 

Proceeds from long-term debt 
 
 - 
 
 Payments on lease obligations 
 
 - 

Payments
 on debt issuance costs 

() 

- 

Borrowings on
 debt, net 
 - 

Cash received from merger
 transaction 
 - 

Proceeds
 from sale of preferred stock and member units in subsidiary 
 - 

Net cash provided by in financing activities 

Change in cash and restricted
 cash from continuing operations 

Change in cash and restricted
 cash from discontinued operations 
 - 

Cash
 and restricted cash at beginning of the year 

Cash
 and restricted cash at end of year 

Reconciliation of cash
 and restricted cash consist of the following: 

End of period 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted
 cash 

Total cash and restricted cash 

Beginning of
 period 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted
 cash 

Total
 cash and restricted cash 

Supplemental
 disclosures of cash flow information 

Cash
 paid for interest 

Cash
 paid for income taxes 

- 

- 

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Debt to equity of non-controlling interest 
 - 

Preferential interest in real estate for shares issues by STI 

Purchase of internally developed software with accounts payable 

Debt converted to equity 
 
 - 
 
 Early lease termination fee 
 
 - 
 
 Settlements on derivative liability 
 
 - 
 
 Converted Preferred Shares Series F to Common Shares 
 
 - 
 
 PIK dividends for Series F preferred shares 

Debt discount on derivative liability 
 
 - 
 
 Transfer of discontinued operations (non-current assets held for sale to PPE) 
 
 - 
 
 Transfer of discontinued operations from liabilities related to assets held for sale
 to accrued expense and long-term debt 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

-for-1 share reverse stock split (the
 Reverse Stock Split of its Common Stock resulting in a decrease of outstanding shares of common stock from 
 to approximately ; and (2) changed its name to Clearday, Inc. 

A special distribution for the issuance and delivery of approximately shares of Common Stock True Up Shares was declared and
distributed on or about September 20, 2021. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Under
the terms of the AIU Merger: 

Clearday
assumed the obligation to issue its shares of Common Stock with respect to the (1) 
Series I Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (AIU Alt Care Preferred issued by AIU Alternative Care, Inc. AIU Alt
Care ), a subsidiary of AIU, and (2) units of limited partnership interest Clearday OZ LP Interests of Clearday
Alternative Care OZ Fund LP Clearday OZ Fund ), a subsidiary of AIU Alt Care. 

The
AIU Merger was accounted for as a reverse asset acquisition in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
of America GAAP ). Under this method of accounting, AIU was deemed to be the accounting acquirer for financial reporting
purposes. This determination was primarily based on the facts that, immediately following the Merger: (i) AIU s stockholders owned
a substantial majority of the voting rights in the combined company, (ii) AIU designated a majority of the members of the initial board
of directors of the combined company, and (iii) AIU s senior management holds all key positions in the senior management of the
combined company. As a result, as of the closing date of the Merger, the net assets of the Company were recorded at their acquisition-date
relative fair values in the accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Company and the reported operating results prior to
the Merger are those of AIU. 

Liquidity
and Going Concern 

The Company has incurred significant cumulative
consolidated operating losses and negative cash flows. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has an accumulated deficit of continued loss from operations of and negative cash flows from continued operations in the amount of and negative working capital of .
These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company plans to
continue to fund its losses from operations and capital funding needs through public or private equity or debt financing or other
sources, including the continued sale of its non-core assets and sale or disposition of other assets. If the Company is not able to
secure adequate additional funding, the Company may be forced to make reductions in spending, extend payment terms with suppliers,
liquidate assets where possible, or suspend or curtail planned programs. Any of these actions could materially harm the
Company s business, results of operations and prospects. The accompanying audited consolidated financial statements have been
prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of
liabilities in the normal course of business, and do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the
recoverability and classification of assets or amounts and classification of liabilities that may result should the Company not
continue as a going concern. Management does not believe they have sufficient cash for the
next twelve months from the date of this report to continue as a going concern without raising additional capital. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

For the period ended December 31, 2022, the
Company entered certain financing transactions that are designated as the sale or forward sale of revenues from the MCA residential
fees. The repayment of these financing transactions range from 210 days to one year. We have stopped paying on these loans which has
resulted in several lawsuits (See Note 6 Indebtedness 

For
the period ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold undivided interests, representing of the aggregate interests, in the Naples
Property for an aggregate cash amount of which was received by, and is available to, Clearday. The remaining of the
undivided interests in the Naples Property are retained by the Company. 

of the preferred economic interests in such companies. 

In November 2019, AIU Alt Care filed a certificate
of designation that authorized preferred stock designated as the Series I cumulative convertible preferred stock, par value 
per share (the Alt Care Preferred Stock ). The certificate of incorporation of AIU Alt Care authorizes shares of
preferred stock of which is designated Alt Care Preferred Stock and of common stock. Each share of the Alt Care Preferred
Stock has a stated value equal to the Alt Care Preferred Stock original issue price. For the year ended on December 31, 2021, 
was invested in AIU Alt Care in exchange for shares of Alt Care Preferred Stock. 

In October 2019, AIU Alt Care formed AIU Impact Management,
LLC and Clearday OZ Fund were formed. AIU Impact Management, LLC manages Clearday OZ Fund as its general partner, owns 
of Clearday OZ Fund and allocates 
of income gains and losses accordingly to the limited partners. 

The exchange rate for each of the Alt Care Preferred
Stock and the Clearday OZ LP Interests are equal to (i) 

The Company reports its non-controlling interest in
subsidiaries as a separate component of equity in the audited consolidated balance sheets and reports both net loss attributable to the
non-controlling interest and net loss attributable to the Company s common shareholders on the face of the audited consolidated
statement of operations. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Settlements 

Change in fair value 

Balance - December 31, 2022 

Beginning
on March 30, 2022, the Company issued note payable agreements which contain default provisions that contain a conversion feature meeting
the definition of a derivative liability which therefore requires bifurcation. Further, pursuant to the Company s contract ordering
policy, the note issuances containing conversion features and related warrant issuances subsequent to March 30, 2022, resulted in derivative
liabilities. 

At December 31, 2022, the Company estimated the
fair value of the conversion feature derivatives embedded in the notes payable and warrants based on assumptions used in the
Cox-Ross-Rubinstein binomial pricing model using the following inputs: the price of the Company s common stock of ;
risk-free interest rates ranging from 
to ;
expected volatility of the Company s common stock ranging from 
to ;
exercise prices of from to ;
and terms from three to sixty months. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

On
March 27, 2020, President Trump signed into law the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ).
The CARES Act also appropriated funds for the U.S. Small Business Administration Paycheck Protection Program PPP loans
that are forgivable in certain situations and employment related tax credits to promote continued employment, as well as Economic Injury
Disaster Loans to provide liquidity to small businesses harmed by COVID-19. 

December 31, 2021 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Leasehold improvements 
 - 
 
 Equipment 

Computer equipment and software 

Furniture and fixtures 

The
Company regularly evaluates whether events or changes in circumstances have occurred that could indicate impairment in the value of the
Company s long-lived assets. If there is an indication that the carrying value of an asset is not recoverable, the Company determines
the amount of impairment loss, if any, by comparing the historical carrying value of the asset to its estimated fair value, with any
amount in excess of fair value recognized as an expense in the current period. The Company determines estimated fair value through an
evaluation of recent financial performance, recent transactions for similar assets, market conditions and projected cash flows using
standard industry valuation techniques. Undiscounted cash flow projections and estimates of fair value amounts are based on a number
of assumptions such as revenue and expense growth rates, estimated holding periods and estimated capitalization rates (Level 3). 

. 

. Such goodwill was deemed impaired
as of December 31, 2021 and reduced to zero. The Company also recognized goodwill in connection with its acquisition of Primrose described
in Note 11. The Company recognized goodwill resulting from this acquisition of . Such amount was deemed impaired as of December 31, 2021 and reduced to zero. 

Software
Capitalization. 

With
regards to developing software, any application costs incurred during the development state, both internal expenses and those paid to
third parties are capitalized and amortized per FASB Topic ASC350-40 Internal-Use Software Accounting Capitalization ).
Once the software has been developed, the costs to maintain and train others for its use will be expensed. At December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, and
 ,
respectively were the balances that will be amortized based on the estimated useful life of . The Company will begin this amortization starting January 1, 2023. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 
 - 
 
 Total 

- 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Revenues
from the Company s lessor arrangements are recognized on a straight-line, ratable basis over the fixed, non-cancelable term of
the relevant tenant contract, regardless of whether the payments from the tenant are received in equal monthly amounts during the life
of a tenant contract. Certain of the Company s tenant contracts contain fixed escalation clauses (such as fixed-dollar or fixed-percentage
increases) or inflation-based escalation clauses (such as those tied to the change in CPI) and are included in discontinued operations.
If the payment terms call for fixed escalations, upfront payments, or rent-free periods, the rental revenue is recognized on a straight-line
basis over the fixed, non-cancelable term of the agreement. When calculating straight-line site rental revenues, the Company considers
all fixed elements of tenant contractual escalation provisions. 

Certain
of the Company s arrangements with tenants contain both lease and non-lease components. In such circumstances, the Company has
determined (1) the timing and pattern of transfer for the lease and non-lease component are the same and (2) the stand-alone lease component
would be classified as an operating lease. As such, the Company has aggregated certain non-lease components with lease components and
has determined that the lease components represent the predominant component of the arrangement. 

of being realized. 

Changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities are
recorded in the provision for income taxes. The Company assesses the likelihood that its deferred tax assets will be recovered from future
taxable income, and, to the extent, the Company believes that the Company is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax
assets will not be realized, the Company establishes a valuation allowance to reduce the deferred tax assets to the appropriate valuation.
To the extent the Company establishes a valuation allowance or increase or decrease this allowance in each period, the 

Company
includes the related tax expense or tax benefit within the tax provision in the audited consolidated statement of operations in that
period. In making such a determination, the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals
of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations.
In the future, if the Company determines that it would be able to realize its deferred tax assets in excess of their net recorded amount,
the Company will make an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance and record an income tax benefit within the tax provision
in the audited consolidated statement of operations in that period. 

The
Company pays franchise taxes in certain states in which it has operations. The Company has included franchise taxes in general and administrative
and operating expenses in its audited consolidated statements of operations. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Resident
fees at our independent living and assisted living communities consist of regular monthly charges for basic housing and support services
and fees for additional requested services, such as assisted living services, personalized health services and ancillary services. Fees
are specified in our agreements with residents, which are generally short term (30 days to one year), with regular monthly charges billed
in advance. Funds received from residents in advance of services provided are not material to our audited consolidated financial statements.
Some of our senior living communities require payment of an upfront entrance fee in advance of a resident moving into the community;
substantially all these community fees are non-refundable and are initially recorded as deferred revenue and included in accrued expenses
and other current liabilities in our audited consolidated balance sheets. These deferred amounts are then amortized on a straight-line
basis into revenue over the term of the resident s agreement. When the resident no longer resides within our community, the remaining
deferred non-refundable fees are recognized in revenue. Revenue recorded and deferred in connection with community fees is not material
to our audited consolidated financial statements. Revenue for basic housing and support services and additional requested services is
recognized in accordance with ASC Topic 606 and measured based on the consideration specified in the resident agreement and is recorded
when the services are provided. 

Day care 

Commercial
property rental revenue over time 

Total revenue from contracts
 with customers 

. 

Day care revenue is from Primrose Day care center which was purchased
in 2021. 

and total HHS Government grants received by the
Company of .
As of December 31, 2021, the Company has included the funds as part of other income in the statement of operations. (See Note
1 Description of Business, Basis of Presentation, Liquidity and Going Concern ). 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

per employee. The credit was modified and extended for wages paid from January 1, 2021, through September 30, 2021, by the Consolidated
Appropriations Act, 2021. Certain of these credits are obtained by refunds of employer taxes that have been paid and other amounts were
obtained by reducing the number of withholdings remitted to the IRS. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Multiplied by the fair value per share of Superconductor common stock 

Fair value of consideration issued to effect the Merger 

Transaction costs 
 - 
 
 Purchase price 

The
allocation of the purchase price is as follows. 

Cash
 acquired 

Net
 assets acquired: 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Inventory 

Investment
 in AIU real estate (eliminated in consolidation) 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

() 
 
 Accrued
 compensation 

() 
 
 Debt
 assumed 

() 
 
 Total
 net assets 

Fair
 value of excess of purchase price over net assets acquired Preliminary Goodwill 

Purchase
 price 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Buildings 

Leasehold Improvements 

Computers 

Furniture, fixtures, and equipment 

Other Equipment 

Work in progress 

Total: 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Real estate, property and equipment, net 

Non-core
businesses classified as assets held for sale: 

December
 31, 2022 

December
 31, 2021 

Land 

- 

Building
 and building improvements 

- 

Furniture,
 fixtures, and equipment 

- 

- 

Other 

- 

- 

Total 

- 

Less
 accumulated depreciation 

- 

() 
 
 Real
 estate, property and equipment, net 

- 

The
Company recorded depreciation expenses relating to real estate, property, and equipment for the Company s memory care facilities
and corporate assets in the amount of and 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021,
respectively. 

The
Company has reviewed the carrying value of long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If there is an indication that the value of an asset is not recoverable, the
Company determines the amount of impairment loss, if any, by comparing the historical carrying value of the asset to its estimated fair
value. The Company determined estimated fair value based on input from market participants, the Company s experience selling similar
assets, market conditions and internally developed cash flow models that the Company s assets or asset groups are expected to generate,
and the Company considers these estimates to be a Level 3 fair value measurement. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

. The Amended Leases contain three options to renew, which were not considered reasonably certain of being exercised as
of the lease commencement date nor the balance sheet date. These leases were terminated on May 1, 2023 as described in Note 15 Subsequent Events. 

As
of December 31, 2021, the Company leased one memory care facility from MC-Simpsonville, SC-1-UT, LLC (the Simpsonville Landlord under a 15-year non-cancelable lease agreement. Provided the Company is not in default, the lease agreement has three successive five-year
renewal options and has the right of first refusal to acquire the Simpsonville Landlord s interest in the property in certain situations.
Beginning January 2019, the Company ceased paying the Simpsonville Landlord rent. The Landlord filed a lawsuit against the guarantors
of the lease and on October 21, 2020, the trial court issued a final judgment of the damages for the plaintiff in the amount of .
The trial court has not made findings of fact related to the Company s liability under the Lease. Additionally, the Company has
appealed the trial court judgement as they believe it has reasonable likelihood of success to reduce certain fees in the amount of 
in past taxes and in attorney fees. In connection with this appeal, the Guarantors made a cash deposit to the trial court
of . The Company has accrued an amount that it determines is reasonable with respect to this contingency. See Note 7
 Commitments and Contingencies for additional information. 

All
leases are classified as operating leases. The Company does not have any leases within its non-core business. Therefore, no
right-of-use assets or lease liabilities were recorded within non-current assets held for sale or lease liability on the audited
consolidated balance sheet following the adoption of ASC842. Weighted-average remaining lease terms and discount rate as of December
31, 2022, are years and , and as of December 31, 2021, are 
years and . 

Per
ASC360-10-35-21, the Company performed an impairment test on our long-term assets, including ROU or leased assets. The New
Braunfels, Simpsonville, Naples Operating and Naples LLC facilities failed the recoverability test as set out in the accounting
standard. As a result, the New Braunfels, Simpsonville, Naples Operating and Naples LLC facilities incurred impairment charges in
the amounts of ,
 ,
 
and ,
respectively in the year 2021. impairment charges were recognized in 2022. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Lease
Costs. 

Short-term lease costs 

Total lease costs 

plus the required payment of taxes in the amount of 
which the Company has accrued as of December 31, 2021. Furthermore, the Company is liable to pay the property taxes for 2021, which
amount would be due by January 31, 2022 of approximately . These amounts were financed under such agreement, and paid prior to December 31, 2022. 

Buda
Hotel. 

As of May 24, 2021, the Company entered into an
agreement for the sale of the Buda hotel property amounting to . The sale closed on October 1, 2021, and resulted in a gain
of after deducting fees and the net book value of the property. 

The Company previously recognized an impairment provision
amounting to for this property in accordance with ASC360 and ASC820. Considering the sale offer and guidance available as per
ASC360, the Company considered the offer price less cost of transfer as fair market value of the Buda hotel property and reversed the
impairment provision of on June 30, 2021. The impairment amount was included in the other income portion of the audited statement
of operations discontinued operations and was also included in the income from discontinued operations line item in the audited
consolidated statement of operations. 

The sale of the Buda hotel
property completes the sale of all the Company s hotel properties and relieves approximately of financing liabilities
and approximately of long-term assets, net of accumulated depreciation, from the Company s audited consolidated balance
sheet resulting in a gain of . 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold two non-core assets: The two hotel properties were owned separately by two of the
Company s subsidiaries in San Antonio, Texas. Hotel Property #1 was sold with proceeds of and Hotel Property #2 was
surrendered to its lending institution. 

- 

Fees 

Seller buildout obligation 

Net book value of assets 

Gain/(loss) on sale of assets 

Restricted cash 
 - 
 - 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 - 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total current assets 
 - 

Due from related parties 

Investments in non-consolidated entities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Note Receivables 
 - 
 - 
 
 Real estate, property and equipment, net 
 - 

Total long-term assets held for sale 
 - 

TOTAL ASSETS 
 - 

LIABILITIES 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 
 - 
 - 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 - 

Accrued interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Current portion of long-term debt 
 - 

Due to related parties 

Total current liabilities 
 - 

Long-term liabilities: 

Note payable 
 - 

Long-term debt, less current portion 
 - 

Total long-term liabilities held for sale 
 - 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 - 

Stockholders Equity 

Total shareholders equity 
 - 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 - 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2021 

2020 

Years
 ended 
 December
 31, 

2022 

2021 

REVENUES 

Hotel
 room and other revenue 

- 

- 

Commercial
 property rental revenue 

- 

Total
 revenues, net 

- 

Costs
 and expenses 

Operating
 expenses 

- 

Impairment 

- 

- 

General
 and administrative expenses 

- 

Total
 operating expenses 

- 

Loss
 from operations 

- 

() 

Other/(income)
 expenses 

Interest
 expense 

- 

Gain
 on disposal of assets 

- 

Equity
 income from investees, net of applicable taxes 

- 

- 

Impairment
 expense (recovery) 

- 

() 
 
 Other
 (income) expenses 

- 

Total
 (income)/expense 

- 

Net
 (loss) income 

- 

There were no assets classified as Discontinued Operations as of December 31, 2022: 

and 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021,
respectively, and 
 and 
 for discontinued operations for the same periods. 

Notes
Payable 

From
March 30, 2022 to December 14, 2022, the Company issued five notes payable which contained a default conversion feature meeting the definition
of a derivative liability. Pursuant to the Company s contract ordering policy, the conversion features were valued at 
upon issuance and recorded as a derivative liability, resulting in additional debt discounts totaling . 

From
July 1, 2022 to September 28, 2022, the Company issued two notes payable which contained a default conversion feature meeting the definition
of a derivative liability. Pursuant to the Company s contract ordering policy, the conversion features were valued at 
upon issuance and recorded as a derivative liability. In connection with the note agreements, the Company issued a total of 
warrants. The warrants were fully vested at issuance and may be exercised for sixty months following an event of default. At issuance,
the warrants, valued at , were recorded as derivative liabilities pursuant to the Company s contract ordering policy. In
total, the derivative liabilities associated with the two notes totaled at issuance and resulted in additional debt discounts
totaling . 

- 

2024 
 
 - 

2025 
 
 - 

2026 
 
 - 

Thereafter 
 
 - 

Total obligations 
 
 - 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Invesque (Lessor) Loan 

- 

Gearhart Loan (1) # 

SBA PPP Loans 

Bank Direct Payable 

- 
 
 Sixth Street Lending 

- 
 
 1800 Diagonal 

- 
 
 Buda 2K Hospitality LLC 

- 

Equity Secure Fund I, LLC 

New Braunfels Business Loan 

- 

Merchant Cash Advance Loans (2) 

Libertas Financing Agreement 

- 

New Braunfels Samson Funding 1 

- 

New Braunfels Samson Group 2 

- 

Naples Operating LG Funding 

- 

Naples LLC CFG Merchant Solutions 

- 

Naples Operating PIRS Capital 

- 
 
 Little Rock Libertas 

- 
 
 PIRS Capital Financing Agreement 

- 
 
 Naples Samson #1 

- 
 
 Naples LG Funding #2 

- 
 
 Little Rock Premium Funding 

- 
 
 Little Rock KIT Funding 

- 
 
 Little Rock Samson Funding #4 

- 
 
 Naples Operating SWIFT 

- 
 
 New Braunfels Samson Cloud Fund 

- 
 
 New Braunfels Samson Group 

- 
 
 Westover Hills One River 

- 
 
 Westover Hills FOX Capitol 

- 
 
 Westover Hills Arsenal 

- 
 
 Westover Samson Funding 

- 
 
 Notional amount of debt 

Less: current maturities 

- 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Indebtedness
Allocated to Assets Held For Sale 

Maturity 

Interest 

December 

December 

Date 

Rate 

2022 

2021 

Real
 Estate: 

Artesia
 Note 

Variable 

Tamir
 Note 

- 

Leander
 Note 

- 

Carpenter
 Enterprises 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Leander
 Stearns National Association # 

Variable 
 
 - 
 
 Notional
 amount of debt 

Less:
 current maturities 

Other
(Corporate) Indebtedness 

Maturity 

Interest 

December 

December 

Date 

Rate 

2022 

2021 

AGP Note # 

Cibolo Creek Partners 

Cibolo Creek Partners promissory note 

EIDL SBA Treas 310 

Firstfire 

- 
 
 Five C s Loan # 

GS Capital 

- 
 
 Jefferson Street 

- 
 
 KOBO, L.P. (3) 
 
 Variable 
 
 - 
 
 Mast Hill #1 # 

- 
 
 Mast Hill #2 # 

- 
 
 Round Rock Development Partners Note 

Notional amount of debt 

Less: current maturities 

TIC Purchase Agreements 
 Demand 

- 

Other Current Liabilities 

Related Party Payable 

Total 

Less debt discount derivatives 
 
 (325,000 

14,723,413 

(1) 

(2) 
 . 

(3) 

# 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Naples
Mortgage Loan. 

On
April 29, 2021, a subsidiary of the Company executed a secured promissory note with Benworth Capital Partners, LLC in the amount of
 .
The original Naples mortgage was paid off in the amount of 
and there were closing costs of which netted the Company proceeds in the amount of .
This secured promissory note is a one-year loan with interest only payments at a fixed interest rate of .
This loan is guaranteed by certain officers of the Company and is secured by the Memory Care facility located at 2626
Goodlette-Frank Road, Naples, Florida 34105. This loan was in default at December 31, 2022 and is subject to litigation. 

Invesque (Lessor) Loan. 

In
April 2021, there were three properties in which the Company had an interest and whose proceeds from any sale were pledged to the lender
in collateral to the guarantees. One of those interests, Westover Town Center, was sold and the proceeds in the amount of 
was used to pay down against the Invesque loan balance in September 2021. The loan was paid off in February 2022. 

Gearhart
Loan. 

On April 1, 2012, a subsidiary of the
Company executed a promissory note with Betty Gearhart for 
(the Gearhart Note ). Interest accrues at a fixed rate of 
and is payable quarterly in January, April, July and October. In April 2015, the Company executed the First Amended and Restated
Promissory Note in the principal amount of 
which extended the maturity date until April 2017. The note is collateralized by the debtor granting a security interest to Betty
Gearhart including all assets of MCA, LLC as well as any proceeds (including insurance proceeds) of any and all of the foregoing
collateral. The maturity date of the loan was further extended to April 2017, April 2018 and April 2020. The Second Amendment to the
Amended and Restated Promissory Note (the Second Amendment was executed on March 5, 2020, in the principal amount of
 
and has a maturity date of April 1, 2021. The scheduled maturity date of this note has been further extended to December 15, 2022.
Clearday is negotiating the terms of an additional extension or forbearance with this lender. However, there can be no assurance
that any such agreement will be on terms that are acceptable to Clearday, or at all. This loan was in default at December 31, 2022. 

PPP
Loans. 

In
May 2020, the Company was granted four separate loans under the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP Loans administered
by the United States Small Business Administration SBA established under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act, which has enabled the Company to retain the Company s employees during the period of disruption created
by the Coronavirus pandemic. The PPP Loans, which are evidenced by Notes issued by the Company (the Note ), mature in May
2022 and bear interest at a fixed rate of 1.0 per annum, accruing from May 2020 Loan Date and payable monthly. The Note
is unsecured and guaranteed by the SBA. The Note may be prepaid by the Company at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties.
The Note provides for customary defaults, including failure to make payment when due or to fulfill the Company s obligations under
the notes or related documents, reorganizations, mergers, Consolidations or other changes to the Company s business structure,
and certain defaults on other indebtedness, bankruptcy events, adverse changes in financial condition or civil or criminal actions. The
PPP Loans may be accelerated upon the occurrence of a default. During 2021, the Company has received an additional 
 in PPP loans. Superconductor Technologies also
received a PPP Loan in the amount of 
 that was still outstanding at the time of acquisition.
Of the PPP Loan Liability, amounts equal to and were forgiven during 2022 and 2021, respectively. Such amounts were
accounted for as other income during such years. 

Bank Direct Payable. 

The obligations were incurred to finance insurance
policy premiums such as directors and officers insurance. The amount was paid monthly. 

Sixth Street Lending. 

On April 5, 2022, the Company
incurred a loan with the loan of after payment of specified expenses of and provides for an original issue discount of
 , resulting in a principal obligation of and a one-time interest charge of on such principal amount with the first
payment on May 20, 2022, and thereafter monthly. This loan is unsecured and has specified events of default including failure to timely
pay the monetary obligations and such breach continues for a period of ten (10) days after written notice from the lender, a breach of
covenants under the promissory note for the loan or the purchase agreement regarding the loan that continues for a period of twenty (20)
days after written notice by the lender; breach of any representation and warranty in the promissory note or purchase agreement; commencement
of bankruptcy or similar proceedings; failure to maintain the listing of the Company s common stock on at least one of the Over-the-Counter
markets such as the OTCQB; the failure of the Company to comply with the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act; the Company s
liquidation, or a financial statement restatement by the Company. . 

1800 Diagonal. 

On December 20, 2022, the
Company incurred a loan for the net funding to the Company of prior to payment of specified expenses of and an original
issue discount of resulting in a principal obligation of and a one-time interest charge of on such principal amount.
The promissory note for the loan provides for a one year maturity and monthly payments from and after January 30, 2023, which payments
are subject to a 10 day grace period. The promissory note for the loan is unsecured. The Company has agreed to not sell, lease or otherwise
dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business without the consent of the lender. The promissory
note for the loan provides specified events of default, including failure to timely pay the monetary obligations and such breach continues
for a period of ten (10) days after written notice from the lender, breach of covenants under the promissory note for the loan or the
purchase agreement for the loan that continues for a period of twenty (20) days after written notice by the lender, breach of any representation
and warranty in the promissory note for the loan or purchase agreement for the loan, commencement of bankruptcy or similar proceedings,
failure to maintain the listing of the Company s common stock on at least one of the Over the Counter markets, the failure of the
Company to comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Company s liquidation, or a financial statement restatement
by the Company. 

. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Buda 2K Hospitality Secured Note. 

On August 18, 2021, the Company through its subsidiary
that owned the Buda hotel property and a subsidiary that owns land located in Cibolo, Texas, jointly entered a secured promissory note
with 2K Hospitality, LLC, in the principal amount of , payable without interests (assuming no payment default) in 12 monthly payments
commencing on November 1, 2021. The obligations are secured by a second mortgage on the Cibolo, Texas property. The obligations of this
note are guaranteed by BJ Parrish, a director and Chief Operating Officer of the Company. 

Equity
Secure Fund I, LLC. 

On March 26, 2021, the Company executed a promissory
note for 
 with Equity Secured Fund I, LLC. The loan matures on , and was subject to one (1) twelve (12)-month extension option. The interest rate of the loan is 
and is guaranteed by certain officers and is collateralized the building located at 8800 Village Drive in San Antonio, Texas. Total proceeds
received by the Company was 
 after adjusting the interest for the period amounting to approximately ,
which is classified as prepaid interest in the audited consolidated balance sheets; 
 and 
 that was paid for prepaid property tax and prepaid insurance respectively (both of which) are included in net deferred
finance cost and 
 in closing costs. This loan matured and the Company continues to pay the obligations under this note at the increased interest
rate of . 

New
Braunfels Business Loan. 

Subsidiaries of the Company, Memory Care America,
LLC, and MCA New Braunfels Operating Company, LLC on October 2, 2019 incurred a loan by ServisFirst Bank for certain equipment. This loan
was secured by a blanket lien on their assets and guaranteed by James Walesa and BJ Parrish. The loan agreements had customary covenants
and agreements. 

Artesia Note. 

On April 1, 2013, the Company executed a promissory
note with First Capital Bank of Texas, N.A. for a principal amount of Artesia Note ). the Company executed an amendment
to the Artesia Note on July 23, 2018 Amended Artesia Note ). The Amended Artesia Note had a principal balance of 
upon execution. The original maturity date of the note was March 1, 2018, which was extended to , in the Amended Artesia
Note. . The note is collateralized by a security interest in
the property and other assets within the property and is guaranteed by certain officers and directors of the Company. As of December 31,
2022, the interest rate for this loan is ). 

Tamir
Note. 

On
March 12, 2010, the Company executed a promissory note with Tamir Enterprises, Ltd. for a principal amount of Tamir
Note ). The Company has executed subsequent amendments to the Tamir Notes on March 1, 2013, March 12, 2016, and March 19, 2019
(collectively, the Amended Artesia Note ). The Amended Artesia Note had a principal balance of upon execution.
As a result of the March 19, 2019 amendment, the maturity date of the note is March 12, 2022. The note requires monthly interest payments
through maturity and has no prepayment penalties. The note is collateralized by a security interest in the property and other assets within the property and is guaranteed
by certain officers and directors of the Company. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Leander Note. 

On October 5, 2018, a subsidiary of the
Company executed a loan agreement with Equity Security Investments for a principal amount of Leander Note to refinance existing financing for the hotel. The note had an original maturity date of October 5,
2019, and was collateralized by a security interest in the property and other assets within the property and is guaranteed by
certain officers and directors of the Company. The Company exercised an extension option which extended the maturity of the note to
October 5, 2020. The note required interest only monthly payments with the full principal balance becoming due upon the maturity
date. The note has a fixed interest rate of .
As of October 12, 2020, . 

On April 20, 2021, the subsidiary of the
Company exercised a one-year extension option on the Leander note that extends the new maturity date to . The note has a fixed interest rate of ,
which requires payment of interest on monthly rest, until the Maturity Date, at which time all outstanding principal and interest
shall be finally due and payable. This note was repaid in full. 

Leander Stearns National Association. 

On February 10, 2022, the Company executed a loan
agreement with Stearns Bank NA for a principal amount of Stearns Note to refinance existing financing for the
land. The note had an original maturity date of February 10, 2023, and was collateralized by a security interest in the property and is
guaranteed by certain officers and directors of the Company. The note required interest only monthly payments with the full principal
balance becoming due upon the maturity date. The note has a floating interest rate of Wall Street Journal Prime plus . This note
is in default at of the maturity date due to nonpayment. The subsidiary of the Company has executed a Forbearance Agreement under which
the lender has agreed to forbear the exercise of its remedies until September 30, 2023 upon certain conditions specified in such agreement,
including the payment of past due amounts on or prior to June 15, 2023 and the payment by the subsidiary of the past due property
taxes on or prior to June 15, 2023. 

Carpenter Enterprises. 

The Company received an advance from a stockholder
for a loan used to pay operating expenses. The loan amount of the Company and the lender expect to determine mutually acceptable
terms to convert the payable amount to a term loan. 

AGP
Note. 

The
Company entered an unsecured promissory note with A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners AGP which was the financial
adviser to AIU in connection with the AIU Merger. The 
principal amount of this note represents the unpaid fee amount then owed to AGP for its services. Interest under this note accrues
at 
per annum. The Company makes monthly payments of 
and will pay 50 of net proceeds (which shall be deemed gross proceeds minus direct selling costs, expenses and commissions)
received, directly or indirectly, by the Company and/or its subsidiaries from the issuance of any equity or equity-linked financing
(including convertible debt), less any selling commissions. Accrued and unpaid obligations of this note are due on . The Company made a modification of this debt to reduce the principal amount to for a one payment
in 2022 and extended the maturity of the Note to March 31, 2023. This note has matured and accrues interest at from the
date of such note. 

Cibolo Creek Partners and Round Rock Development
Partners. 

The Company has notes payable to Cibolo Creek Partners,
LLC, its affiliate Round Rock Development Partners, LP. These notes have a maturity date of December 31, 2025, and there is no interest
accruing on any of these notes other than required applicable federal rate under the Internal Revenue Code. Each of these lenders was
a related party when the obligations were incurred until the date of the AIU Merger. For more information, see Note 9 Related Party
Transactions. 

EIDL SBA Treas 310. 

In December 2021, the company received an Economic
Injury Disaster Loan (EIDL) in the amount of from the US Treasury. The loan is due in 2051 and carries an interest rate of .
This loan is guaranteed by certain officers of the company. 

FirstFire. 

On May 27, 2022, the Company
incurred a loan from Firstfire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC, for the net funding of after payment of specified expenses of
 and provides for an original issue discount of , resulting in a principal obligation of and a one-time interest
charge of on such principal amount. The Company paid in placement fees in connection with the sale of the FirstFire Note.
The FirstFire Note provides for a with monthly payments of from and after July 26, 2022, which payments are
subject to a 10 day grace period. The FirstFire Note is unsecured. The FirstFire Note provides specified events of default including failure
to timely pay the monetary obligations under the FirstFire Note and such breach continues for a period of ten (10) days after written
notice from the FirstFire Noteholder a breach of covenants under the FirstFire Note or the FirstFire Note Purchase Agreement that
continues for a period of twenty (20) days after written notice by the FirstFire Noteholder; breach of any representation and warranty
in the FirstFire Note or FirstFire Note Purchase Agreement; commencement of bankruptcy or similar proceedings; failure to maintain the
listing of the Company s common stock on at least one of the Over-the-Counter markets such as the OTCQB; the failure of the Company
to comply with the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act; the Company s liquidation, or a financial statement restatement
by the Company. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Five C s, LLC Loan. 

As of April 1, 2019, The Five C s LLC
entered into an agreement issuing capital stock that reduced obligations under an existing promissory note to .
Under a February 2021 extension agreement, the interest rate was set to 
per annum and maturity date was extended. The maturity date is currently . This maturity date will be extended by the parties for successive six-month periods unless the noteholder provides
notice to the borrower that the term shall not be extended on or prior to the date that is 30 days prior than then maturity date of
the note. This loan is in default at December 31, 2022. 

GS Capital. 

On May 20, 2022, the Company
incurred a loan under an unsecured promissory note (the GS Note to GS Capital Partners LLC for proceeds of and
provides for an original issue discount of or , resulting in a principal obligation of . The Company paid in
placement fees in connection with the sale of the GS Note and certain other expenses of the lender. After payment of such fees and closing
cost, the sale of the GS Note resulted in in net proceeds to the Company. The interest on this GS Note is per annum or .
The GS Note provides for a with ten monthly payments of with the first payment being on the date that is
60 days after the issue date of the GS Note, which payments are subject to a 10 calendar day grace period, or shorter if the payment date
is not a business day. The GS Note is unsecured. The GS Note provides specified events of default (a GS Event of Default including failure to timely pay the monetary obligations under the GS Note, a breach of covenants under the GS Note or the GS Purchase
Agreement; breach of any representation and warranty in the GS Note or GS Purchase Agreement; commencement of bankruptcy or similar proceedings;
failure to maintain the listing of the Company s common stock on at least one of the Over-the-Counter markets such as the OTCQX;
the failure of the Company to comply with the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act; the Company s liquidation,
a financial statement restatement by the Company, an judgment against the Company that is not previously disclosed in our filings with
the SEC that is for more than and remains unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for 20 days, unless otherwise permitted by the holder
of the GS Note, or cross defaults under any promissory note or similar instrument with initial principal obligations of or more.
 . Each of the GS Note and the GS Purchase Agreement has other customary covenants and provisions, including representations and warranties,
payment of brokers, and indemnification, that the Company will not sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its
assets outside the ordinary course of business without the consent of the GS Noteholder. 

Jefferson Street. 

On May 16, 2022, the Company
incurred a loan under an unsecured promissory note (the Jefferson Note by Jefferson Street Capital LLC. This Jefferson
Note provides for the proceeds to the Company of and provides for an original issue discount of or ,
resulting in a principal obligation of . The Company paid in placement fees in connection with the sale of the Jefferson
Note. After payment of such fees and closing cost, the sale of the Jefferson Note resulted in in net proceeds to the Company.
The interest on this Jefferson Note is per annum or . The Jefferson Note provides for a . Monthly
payments on the Jefferson Note of will be made by the Company with the first payment being on July 16, 2022, which payments
are subject to a 10 day grace period, or shorter if the payment date is not a business day. The Jefferson Note is unsecured. The
Jefferson Note provides specified events of default (a Jefferson Event of Default including failure to timely pay the monetary
obligations under the Jefferson Note and such breach continues for a period of ten (10) days after written notice from the Jefferson Noteholder 
a breach of covenants under the Jefferson Note or the Jefferson Purchase Agreement that continues for a period of twenty (20) days after
written notice by the Jefferson Noteholder; breach of any representation and warranty in the Jefferson Note or Jefferson Purchase Agreement;
commencement of bankruptcy or similar proceedings; failure to maintain the listing of the Company s common stock on at least one
of the Over-the-Counter markets such as the OTCQX; the failure of the Company to comply with the reporting requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act; the Company s liquidation, or a financial statement restatement by the Company. . The conversion right
of the holder of the Jefferson Note is subject to a customary limitation on beneficial ownership of of the Company s common
stock. 

KOBO Note. 

On November 21, 2022, Leander Associates, Ltd.,
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Leander entered into a financing agreement with Kobo, LP for .
Leander agreed to use the net proceeds from the sale of a property owned by Leander, after payment of mortgage debt and other transaction
expenses, to repay this obligation. The financing agreement included the following repayment dates and amounts: quarterly interest payments
commencing ; payment of 
 on January 15, 2023; full payment of the accrued and unpaid obligations on the Repayment Date, but not later than the Outside
Date and an additional amount of .
Interest is calculated as the prime rate (as defined in the agreement) plus an additional amount or spread that is equal to 
 per annum until April 15, 2023 and 
 per annum thereafter. The term Repayment Date means the date that the property owned by Leander is sold. The term
 Outside Date means October 5, 2023, subject to extension at the option of Leander for the payment of 
 per day for an extension of up to 3 months; 
 per day for an extension of an additional 3 months; and 
 per day for an extension for up to an additional 60 days. There is no guarantee by the Company or any other subsidiary of the
Company for this obligation. 

Mast Hill Loans. 

On July 5, 2022, the Company closed a loan with an
institutional lender, Mast Hill Fund, L.P. Mast Hill ), under the terms of a Securities Purchase Agreement
dated as of July 1, 2022 and issued an unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of , which included original issue discount
of (the MH Note 1 to Mast Hill. The MH Note 1 provided proceeds to the Company before
fees and expenses. The Company paid in placement fees in connection with the sale of the MH Note 1 and of expenses
of Mast Hill. After payment of such fees and closing cost, the sale of the MH Note 1 resulted in in net proceeds
to the Company, The MH Note 1 was issued in a transaction that is exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), under Section 4(a)(2) thereof. The net proceeds were used for general working purposes. 

The obligations under the MH Note 1 incur interest
equal to per annum, subject to increase to the lesser of per annum or the maximum amount permitted by law upon an Event
of Default, as defined by the MH Note 1. The MH Note 1 s maturity date is 380 days after the July 5 funding date of the MH
Note 1. Interest and principal are payable from and after 90 calendar days after the funding date, subject to a five business day grace
period, in equal monthly payments of plus accrued and unpaid interest, subject to our right to extend any or each of the
first three such payments for 30 days upon payment of a fee equal to 10 of the amount due on such payment date. The Company may prepay
the obligations under the MH Note 1 upon notice of seven trading days without payment or penalties or fees other than a administrative
fee. 

The Company paid Mast Hill a commitment
fee Commitment Fee of our common stock Commitment Shares ). of Commitment Shares were
issued and vested on the funding date of the MH Note 1. An additional Commitment Shares vest at a rate of shares
per month. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Mast Hill has certain rights that
may be exercised only upon an Event of Default. These rights include the right to exercise a warrant (a Specified Lender Warrant to purchase shares of our common stock at a price per share of . This Specified Lender Warrant may be exercised
only if there is an Event of Default under the MH Note 1. Accordingly, no shares of common stock may be purchased under this Specified
Lender Warrant when the MH Note 1 is repaid in full, if there has not been an Event of Default. Mast Hill also has the
right to convert the obligations under the MH Note 1, from and after an Event of Default under the MH Note 1, at a price per share equal
to . Each of the exercise price of such Specified Lender Warrant and the conversion price of the MH Note 1 are subject to adjustment
in the event the Company issue shares of common stock or equivalents at a price per share that is lower than the then exercise or conversion
price. Mast Hill has no right to convert the MH Note 1 or exercise the Warrant unless there is an Event of Default under
the MH Note 1. 

On September 30, 2022, the Company closed an additional
loan with Mast Hill under the terms of a Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of September 28, 2022 and issued an unsecured
promissory note in the principal amount of , which included original issue discount of (the MH Note 2 to the Mast Hill. The MH Note 2 provided proceeds to the Company in the amount of before fees and expenses. The
Company paid in placement fees in connection with the sale of the MH Note 2 and of expenses of the Mast Hill.
After payment of such fees and closing costs, the sale of the MH Note 2 resulted in in net proceeds to the Company. The
MH Note 2 was issued in a transaction that is exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, under Section 4(a)(2)
thereof. The net proceeds were used for general working purposes. 

The obligations under the MH Note 2 incur interest
equal to per annum, subject to increase to the lesser of per annum or the maximum amount permitted by law upon an Event
of Default as defined by the MH Note 2. The MH Note 2 s maturity date is 380 days after the September 28 agreement date of
the SPA. Interest and principal are payable from and after 90 calendar days after the funding date, subject to a five business day grace
period, in equal monthly payments of plus accrued and unpaid interest, subject to our right to extend any or each of the
first three such payments for 30 days upon payment of a fee equal to 10 of the amount due on such payment date. The Company may prepay
the obligations under the MH Note 2 upon notice of seven trading days without payment or penalties or fees other than a administrative
fee. 

The Company paid Mast Hill a commitment fee Commitment
Fee of our common stock Commitment Shares ). of Commitment Shares were issued and vested on the
funding date of the MH Note 2. An additional Commitment Shares vest monthly over the term of the MH Note 2. 

Mast Hill has certain rights that may be exercised
only upon an Event of Default. These rights include the right to exercise a warrant (a Specified Lender Warrant to purchase shares
of our common stock at a price per share of . This Specified Lender Warrant may be exercised only if there is an Event of Default
under the MH Note 2. Accordingly, no shares of common stock may be purchased under this Specified Lender Warrant when the MH Note 2 is
repaid in full, if there has not been an Event of Default. Mast Hill also has the right to convert the obligations under the MH Note
2, from and after an Event of Default under the MH Note 2, at a price per share equal to . Each of the exercise price of such Specified
Lender Warrant and the conversion price of such MH Note 2 are subject to adjustment in the event the Company issues shares of common
stock or equivalents at a price per share that is lower than the then exercise or conversion price. Mast Hill has no right to convert
the MH Note 2 or exercise the Warrant unless there is an Event of Default under the MH Note 2. 

TIC Purchase Agreements. 

MCA Naples, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company, entered into three purchase agreements to sell undivided interests in the land owned by such subsidiary and leased
to its affiliate, also a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, for the Naples residential care community. The aggregate purchase
amount under such agreements was approximately :
approximately 
during October 2021 and 
during February, 2022 from a related party. At the closing of the purchase agreements, the undivided interests will be held as
tenants in common TIC Interests that is managed by a subsidiary of the Company. The aggregate investment amount has
been received by the subsidiary and has been used by the Company in its operations. The closing of the purchase of TIC Interests is
subject to the approval of the first mortgage lender or the refinancing of the property. Prior to such closing of the purchase
agreements, the Company accounts for each such purchase advance as a loan (or a due to related party) that accrues interest at
the annual rate of ,
compounded annually, which is the expected return to the holders of the TIC Interests. 

Libertas
Financing Agreement. 

On May 25, 2021, the Company executed a merchant cash
advance loan with Libertas Funding LLC in the amount of with a purchase price consideration of less in origination
fees for net proceeds of . The debt discount on the loan is and will be amortized over the life of the loan. The weekly
payment amount under the agreement is and interest rate associated with this agreement is per week. Additionally, the Company
can terminate the transaction at any time by repurchasing future receipts sold to the purchaser but not delivered. This agreement has
no stated maturity date. However, based on historical revenue, management has estimated that repayment will be 12 months. The obligations
under this agreement are guaranteed by James Walesa, the Chairman and CEO of the Company. The obligations of this loan are currently in litigation regarding non-payment. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

New
Braunfels Samson Funding 1. 

The
Company entered into a Futures Receipts Sale and Purchase Agreement dated as of September 28, 2021 Factoring Agreement 1 ),
with Cloudfund LLC d/b/a Samson Group NB Financier 1 ). Under Factoring Agreement 1, a specified percentage of its future
receipts (as defined by Factoring Agreement 1, which include the future resident revenues in the New Braunfels residential care facility
owned by MCA) were sold to NB Financier 1, which were equal to for a purchase price of , less origination and other
fees of . The obligations under Factoring Agreement 1 are repaid in 10 equal weekly installments. Factoring Agreement 1 expressly
provides that the sale of the future receipts shall be construed and treated for all purposes as a true and complete sale and includes
customary provisions granting a security interest under the Uniform Commercial Code in accounts and the proceeds. The obligations under
Factoring Agreement 1 are guaranteed by James Walesa, the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. The obligations of this loan are currently in litigation regarding non-payment. 

The
Company entered into a Revenue Purchase Agreement and Security Agreement and Guaranty of Performance dated as of September 28, 2021 Factoring Agreement 2 Samson MCA LLC NB Financier 2 ). Under Factoring Agreement 2, a specified
percentage of its future receipts (as defined by Factoring Agreement 2, which include the payments to MCA as a result of its sale of
goods and/or services such as its future resident revenues in the New Braunfels residential care facility owned by MCA), which were
equal to for a purchase price of , less origination and other fees of . Factoring Agreement 2 expressly
provides that the sale of the future receipts shall be construed and treated for all purposes as a true and complete sale and
includes customary provisions granting a security interest under the Uniform Commercial Code in accounts and the proceeds. The
obligations under Factoring Agreement 2 are guaranteed by James Walesa, the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer. The obligations of this loan are currently in litigation regarding non-payment. 

and appeals of this judgment this action was
settled on August 5, 2022 as reflected by an Agreed Final Judgment for an aggregate amount of , including costs and expenses
in favor of the plaintiff, of which was settled by the release of a cash bond that Tenant previously deposited with the Court
and the remaining amount of to be paid within six months after the entry of the judgment. The Company has not paid this amount. In connection
with the settlement of Simpsonville Action 1, Tenant entered into an agreement
to transfer certain operations, including lease obligations, of the Simpsonville Facility Tenant and Landlord terminated the lease of
the Simpsonville Facility as contemplated by such agreement to transfer of certain operations, including lease obligations, which permitted
the Landlord to sell the Simpsonville Facility to a third party and thereby limit the future obligations under the lease. 

The
Landlord filed a second action on April 9, 2021 (Simpsonville Action 2), for claims similar to Simpsonville Action 1 including relief
for payment of rent past due and reimbursement of taxes from October 2020 to the time of the trial in this action. This action captioned
and numbered MC-Simpsonville, SC-UT, LLC v. Steve Person, James Walesa and Trident Healthcare Properties I, LP, Cause No. 21-0513-C425
in the 425th Judicial District Court of Williamson County, Texas. The court granted summary judgment in this matter in favor of the Landlord
on April 14, 2023. Trident and the individual guarantors may appeal this judgement although there can be no assurance that Trident or
the individual guarantors will be able prevail in any such appeal. The Landlord may pursue a final order of the court at the completion
of a trial or otherwise. If such final order is granted, then subject to any appeal or other action, the Landlord may pursue to enforce
the final judgement. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Certain
subsidiaries of the Company that operated hotel assets did not pay employment related taxes such as required withholdings for Texas State
unemployment taxes and federal income tax and employee and employer contributions for FICA (Social Security and Medicare) taxes, and
federal unemployment tax for certain periods from December 31, 2018, to December 31, 2021. These subsidiaries have since made the appropriate
filings with the Internal Revenue Service and the Company has accrued the full estimated amount of the underpaid taxes as well as the
estimated penalties and interest. As of December 31, 2022, the amount of the estimated taxes, penalties, and interest, assuming that
there is no waiver or mitigation of the penalties, is . The Company has accrued this amount in its audited consolidated financial
statements as of December 31, 2022. 

In
the fourth quarter of 2021, certain subsidiaries of the Company did not remit payroll taxes related to the Earned Retentions Tax
Credit ERTC ). The ERTC program permitted an offset for such obligations and was terminated during the fourth quarter
with an effective termination date of September 30, 2021. As a result, the Company has accrued 
in such payroll taxes as of December 31, 2022. These subsidiaries have applied for certain tax credits, including ERTC and Families First Coronavirus
Response Act. The Company expects to use such credits that will be applied to reduce these payroll tax liabilities. 

Certain
subsidiaries of the Company that operate its residential care communities have not paid employment related taxes such as required withholdings
for federal income tax and employee and employer contributions for FICA (Social Security and Medicare) taxes, and federal and state unemployment
tax from and after the payroll period that ended September 16, 2022. These subsidiaries have since made the appropriate filings with
the Internal Revenue Service and the Company has accrued the amount of the underpayment in its audited consolidated financial statements
as of December 31, 2022, of approximately , which amount does not include any taxes, penalties, and interest. 

Certain
subsidiaries of the Company that operate residential care facilities MCA Borrowers incurred certain financings through
merchant credit advances. Such financings were provided by creditors under agreements MCA Agreements that describe the
transaction as the sale of future receivables by the applicable MCA Borrower. The aggregate accrued amount of these financings is approximately
 , as summarized in Note 6 Indebtedness. Eight of these financing parties have commenced actions alleging, among other
matters, a breach of the MCA Agreement for non-payment and a breach of the guaranty by the applicable guarantors. These actions demand
monetary damages that, in the aggregate, are approximately , plus other costs, fees and certain other amounts. 

These
actions are 

1. 
 Premium
 Merchant Funding 18, LLC v Memory Care at Good Shepherd LLC and James Walesa (a guarantor), filed in state court in Kings County,
 New York on August 19, 2022 (summary judgement in this matter was entered in favor of the plaintiff and the Company has entered a
 notice to appeal); 

2. 
 Libertas
 Funding LLC v. Memory Care at Good Shepherd, LLC, et. al. including James Walesa (a guarantor), filed in state court in Monroe County,
 New York on August 24, 2022 (summary judgement in this matter was entered in favor of the Company s subsidiary and may be appealed
 by the plaintiff); 

3. 
 Cloudfund
 LLC v MCA New Braunfels Operating Company LLC et. al. including James Walesa (a guarantor), filed in state court in Nassau County,
 New York on August 29, 2022; 

4. 
 Cloudfund
 LLC v MCA Naples Operating Company, LLC and James Walesa (a guarantor), filed in state court in Nassau County, New York on August
 30, 2022 (summary judgement in this matter was entered in favor of the plaintiff and the Company has have entered a notice to appeal); 

5. 
 Swift
 Funding Source Inc. v MCA Naples Operating Company LLC et. al. including Christin Hemmens (a guarantor), filed in state court in
 Ontario County, New York on August 31, 2022; 

6. 
 Pirs
 Capital, LLC v MCA Westover Hills Operating Company, LLC et. al. including James Walesa (a guarantor), filed in state court in New
 York County, New York on September 8, 2022; 

7. 
 Prosperum
 Capital Partners, LLC dba Arsenal Funding v MCA Westover Hills Operating Company LLC et. al. including James Walesa (a guarantor),
 filed in state court in Kings County, New York on September 28, 2022; 

8. 
 Fox
 Capital Group, Inc. v MCA Westover Hills Operating Company LLC et. al. including James Walesa (a guarantor), filed in state court
 in Bexar County, Texas on October 25, 2022. 

James
Walesa is the Company s Chief Executive Officer, and/or Christin Hemmens, is an officer of Clearday. Other than as set forth above,
each of these actions are in the pleading or discovery stage of litigation. 

A
mortgage lender for the Naples, Florida facility commenced an action for nonpayment of the mortgage note. The action is captioned A.AD.A,
INC.; Anga Properties, LLC; Arce Holdings, LLC; Benfam Holdings LLC; Carolina Resources, LLC; Emilio Diaz SD Investment Account, LLC;
Michael B. and Irma B. Goldstein; David J. Gonzalez; Hersab Holdings, LLC; Indocan Investment USA Corporation; Armando Navarro; Robbia
Properties LLC; Shochat Holdings I LLC; and Wekwit, Inc. (collectively referred to as the Naples Lender) vs. MCA Naples, LLC, Case No.
11-2023-CA-000243-0001- flied in the Circuit Court in and for Collier County, Florida (the Benworth Action ). This litigation
arises from the nonpayment under the mortgage and promissory note. The Benworth Action demands payment of the principal amount of the
promissory note of together with default interest, late charges, costs advanced, insurance advances, attorney s fees
and costs and seeks the Final Judgment of Foreclosure and such further relief as the court deems just and proper. The Benworth Action
also seeks the amount from James Walesa, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, under the personal irrevocable and unconditional
guaranty, in favor of Benworth Capital Partners, LLC, of the obligations of MCA Naples, LLC under the mortgage and promissory note. 

The
Company has been threatened with litigation by the law firm Rigrodsky Law, P.A. alleging unjust enrichment in connection with shareholder
litigation commenced by such firm related to the AIU Merger and claiming damages of . This law firm alleges that the complaint
that was filed caused material supplemental disclosures. The Company is assessing these allegations and expects to respond appropriately. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Certain subsidiaries of the Company that operate hotel
assets have not paid employment related taxes such as required withholdings for Texas State unemployment taxes and federal income tax
and employee and employer contributions for FICA (Social Security and Medicare) taxes, and federal unemployment tax for the period from
December 31, 2018, to December 31, 2019. These subsidiaries have since made the appropriate filings with the Internal Revenue Service
and the Company has accrued the full estimated amount of the underpaid taxes as well as the estimated penalties and interest. As of December
31, 2020, the amount of the estimated taxes, penalties, and interest, assuming that there is no waiver or mitigation of the penalties,
is The Company has accrued this amount in its audited consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2021. 

In addition, from time to time, the Company becomes
involved in litigation matters in the ordinary course of its business. Such litigations include an action that alleges negligence and
other claims regarding the death of a resident in a memory care facility. For example, the case entitled Michael Inderrieden, Individually
and as Personal Representative of the Estate of Thomas Inderrieden v. MCA Simpsonville Operating Company, LLC dba Memory Care of Simpsonville;
Allied Integral United, Inc. d/b/a Clearday; Memory Care America, LLC.; MCA Management Company, Inc.; Clearday Management, Ltd.; and MC-Simpsonville,
SC-1-UT, LLC, filed June 28, 2021, in the Court of Common Pleas for Greenville County, South Carolina, bearing Civil Action Nos. 2021-CP-23-03071
(Wrongful Death) 2021-CP-23-03076 (Survival Action), is currently pending, and asserts claims for survival and wrongful death. Such
action has been referred to the Company s insurance carrier and is in the discovery phase of litigation. Although the Company is
unable to predict with certainty the eventual outcome of any litigation, the Company does not believe any of its currently pending litigation
is likely to have a material adverse effect on its business. 

Indemnification Agreements. 

Certain lease and other obligations of the Company
are guaranteed in whole or in part by James Walesa and/or BJ Parrish and others. The Company has agreed to indemnify and hold each such
individual harmless for all liabilities and payments on account of any such guaranty. The lease obligations of the Company for its lease
obligations for four of its five MCA facilities, including the lease of the MCA community that is in Simpsonville, South Carolina, referred
to as the Simpsonville facility. This is the facility that is the subject of litigation and judgement against certain of the Company s subsidiaries.
We have been fully indemnified by James Walesa for all obligations that the Company may incur with respect to an adverse judgement against
the Company, including any post-judgement interest. Such indemnification by James Walesa is under an agreement dated as of July 30, 2020.
Under such agreement, James Walesa receives a fee equal to of the total amount payable by AIU or any of its subsidiaries which is payable
in units of shares of the AIU Alt Care Preferred and Clearday Warrants at per unit, which is the same as the cash payment for such
units by third parties in the offering of such units by AIU Alt Care. If Mr. Walesa is required to make any payments under this indemnification,
the Company will issue shares of AIU Alt Care Preferred and Clearday Warrants, at per unit, for the amount of such payment. 

Subsequently, an amendment to the indemnification
agreement above was signed on January 19, 2021, in which additional securities were pledged on behalf of James Walesa for all obligations
that Company may incur with respect to an adverse judgement and/or any post-judgement interest. In the event that Mr. Walesa is required
to make any payments under this amended indemnification agreement, then Company will issue shares of AIU Care, AIU Warrants and AIU Common
Stock at per unit as well as Series A Preferred at per unit, for the amount of such payment. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Superconductor
Merger Commitment. 

During the year ended on December 31, 2021, the Company
agreed to pay Superconductor per month beginning with February until June 30, 2021 (the Operating Payments or
an aggregate amount equal to , subject to certain deferment. All such obligations were eliminated by consolidation upon the closing
of the AIU Merger. 

In connection with the AIU Merger, the
liability to certain former officers of Superconductor was incurred under the terms of Officer Agreements, which may be paid in
Common Stock. The total value owed was accrued as of December 31, 2021, and is included in the net assets acquired in the AIU Merger
in the amount of and remains as a liability as of December 31, 2022. Such amount is expected to be settled by the issuance of stock
at the closing of the Viveon Merger. 

Series F 6.75 Convertible Preferred Stock 

Series I 10.25 Convertible Preferred Stock 

Limited Partnership Units 

Warrants 

Stock Options 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total participating securities 

for
loans and rent of approximately 
for rental payments regarding our robots and is owed additional amounts for certain other advances and reimbursements. The Company
owes James Walesa, our Chief Executive Officer, approximately 
in loan guaranty fees. Christen Hemmings, another related party is owed approximately in
unsecured short term non-interest bearing debt. On December 30, 2022, we issued our Chief Executive Officer of shares of our common stock at a price per
share of in exchange for obligations owed by us to this individual. 

We use the services of Galleros Robinson, Certified Public Accountants,
LLP, a CPA and Advisory firm, for certain accounting services in the ordinary course. Richard Levychin is a partner of this firm. We paid
this firm approximately during 2022 and accrued an accounts payable of approximately as of December 31, 2022. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Guarantees. 

From time-to-time certain officers and directors
will personally guarantee a loan. There is a guaranteed fee agreement in place that details the amount of the fee as well as payment
terms for certain executives in the Company. The amount of the fee is capped at of the amount of the outstanding note regardless of
how many guarantors there are on the loan unless otherwise determined by the Company s Board of Directors. 

Million to a third party buyer, HR Interest Inc., on April 19, 2021. Additionally, the Company recorded a gain on the sale of this
investment in the amount of . 

that
is payable in three equal installments at the closing, and at six months after the closing and one year after the closing. The
Company did not pay certain amounts to one of the sellers due to a dispute which was settled on May 2, 2023 in the
aggregate amount of that is payable in monthly installments. In connection with this acquisition, the Company modified
the existing lease terms and guaranteed the lease obligations in full and agreed to employ the two founders of Primrose. The
acquisition was not a material acquisition under applicable accounting principles and, accordingly, pro forma information is not
required to be provided. 

authorized shares of Common Stock and 
authorized shares of preferred stock, each par value 
per share. The certificate of incorporation of Clearday, Inc., as amended in connection with the AIU Merger, provides for 
authorized shares of Common Stock and 
authorized shares of preferred stock, each par value 
per share. 

Common
Stock 

Liquidation
Preference. 

In
the event of the Company s liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of common stock will be entitled to share ratably in
the net assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all the Company s debts and other liabilities
and the satisfaction of any liquidation preferences that may be granted to the holders of any then outstanding shares of preferred stock. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Rights
and Preferences. 

Holders of common stock have no preemptive, conversion
or subscription rights, and there is no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. The rights, preferences
and privileges of the holders of common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of
any series of preferred stock, which the Company may designate and issue in the future. 

Voting
Rights . 

. The Company s amended
and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws do not provide for cumulative voting rights. Because of this
absence of cumulative voting, the holders of most of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors can elect
all the directors standing for election, if they should so choose. In addition, the Company s amended and restated certificate of
incorporation also provides that the Company s directors may be removed only for cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of
at least 75 of the consolidated voting power of all the Company s stockholders entitled to vote on the election of directors, voting
together as a single class. 

Subject to supermajority votes for some matters, matters
shall be decided by the affirmative vote of the Company s stockholders having a majority in voting power of the votes cast by the
stockholders present or represented and voting on such matter, provided that the holders of the Company s common stock are not allowed
to vote on any amendment to the Company s certificate of incorporation that relates solely to the terms of one or more series of
preferred stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together with the holders or one or more such
series, to approve such amendment. The affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75 of the votes that all of the Company s stockholders
would be entitled to cast in any annual election of directors and, in some cases, the affirmative vote of a majority of minority stockholders
entitled to vote in any annual election of directors are required to amend or repeal the Company s bylaws, amend or repeal certain
provisions of the Company s certificate of incorporation, approve certain transactions with certain affiliates, or approve the sale
or liquidation of the Company. . 

Preferred
Stock 

Prior
to the AIU Merger, AIU had Series A 
cumulative convertible preferred stock, 
 par value, 
 shares of such securities were issued and outstanding
as of December 31, 2020. Each share of Series A preferred stock has a stated value equal to the Series A original issue price. The conversion
rate to the number of shares of AIU common stock is equal to 1 share for each share of Series A preferred stock. In connection with the
securities, they were either converted into AIU common stock and then exchanged for the Company Common Stock or exchanged for shares
of the Company s . 

The Company has shares of Series
F 
cumulative convertible preferred stock, par
value, authorized with and 
shares issued and outstanding as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Series F Preferred Stock has a stated value of per
share. Each share of Series F Preferred Stock and the number of accrued and unissued shares as paid in kind dividends
thereon, may be converted at the option of the holder into approximately shares
of the Company s Common Stock, subject to adjustment for specified fundamental transactions such as stock splits, reverse
stock splits and stock combinations. See Note 13 Temporary Equity Mezzanine, for accounting treatment of the Series F
Preferred Stock. 

The Series A Preferred Stock of the Company
that was issued and outstanding prior to the AIU Merger remains issued and outstanding. Such preferred stock has a par
value, shares
authorized, and shares
issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Except for a preference on liquidation of per
share, each share of Series A Preferred Stock is the economic equivalent of ten twelfths of a share of common stock into which it is
convertible. Except as required by law, the Series A Preferred Stock will not have any voting rights. 

Dividends
and Distributions 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company accrued dividends for the 6.75 Series F preferred stock in the amount of 
and respectively. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Warrants 

The Company has three separate types of warrants that
are outstanding: 

warrants that were granted and outstanding by Superconductor
 Technologies Inc. STI prior to the effective date of the AIU Merger; 

warrants assumed by the Company that were granted by
 AIU prior to the September 9, 2021, effective date of the AIU Merger; add 

warrant that were issued by the Company after the AIU
 Merger. 

Warrants related to March 2018 financing 

Warrants related to July 2018 financing 

Warrants related to July 2018 financing 

Warrants related to May 2019 financing 

Warrants related to October 2019 financing 

Warrants related to October 2019 financing 

Warrants that were issued by AIU and have been
assumed by Clearday in the AIU Merger. 

Common Shares 

Total 
 Currently Exercisable 
 Exercise Price per Share 
 Expiration Date 

Warrants issued in connection with financings 

Warrants issued to a consultant 

accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP as Non-Controlling Interest: 

shares of the
 Company s Common Stock as of the effective date of the AIU Merger at an exercise price of per share, or which may be
 paid by customary cashless exercise. Such warrant is subject to adjustment for specified fundamental transactions such as stock splits,
 reverse stock splits and stock combinations. 

Lender
Additional Remedy Warrants: 

Each
of the following warrants were issued in connection with a financing and provides that the warrant may only be issued upon an event of
default under the related promissory note. 

Common Shares 

Outstanding 
 Exercisable 
 Exercise Price 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Related to the January 12, 2023, Financing (Mast Hill LP) 

Related to the September 30, 2022, Financing (Mast Hill LP) 

Related to the July 1, 2022, Financing (Mast Hill LP) 

Lender
Warrants: 

Common Shares 

Related to the February 17, 2023, Financing (Jefferson Street Capital LLC) 

Related to the January 12, 2023, Financing (Mast Hill LP) 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Derivative Calculation 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
calculated the fair value of the warrants granted based on assumptions used in the Cox-Ross-Rubinstein binomial pricing model using the
following inputs: the price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance ranging from to ; risk-free interest
rates ranging from to ; volatility ranging from to based on the historical volatility of the Company s common
stock; exercise prices of ; and terms of sixty months. 

Stock
Options 

On
December 31, 2021, we continued to have the two active equity award option plans, the 2003 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2013 Equity
Incentive Plan (collectively, the Stock Option Plan that were in effect for STI prior to the effective date of the AIU Merger.
Although we can only grant new options under the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. Under our Stock Option Plan, stock awards were made to our
former directors, key employees, consultants, and non-employee directors and consisted of stock options, restricted stock awards, performance
awards, and performance share awards. Stock options were granted at prices no less than the market value on the date of grant. There
were no stock option exercises during the year ended December 31, 2021. None of the option grantees continued in service after the effective
date of the AIU Merger. The expiration date for all the options under the Stock Option Plan granted to any officer, director or consultant
is generally the last day of the three (3)-month period following the date that such person ceases their continuous status in such capacity,
subject to certain accelerated termination events that are not applicable. All outstanding stock options were to officers and directors whose service terminated on September 9, 2021, in connection
with the AIU Merger. No such options were exercised, and all such options expired on December 8, 2021. 

Restricted Stock 

On March 31, 2021, AIU issued an additional 
total shares of restricted common stock to executives of AIU representing approximately shares of Clearday, Inc. Common Stock.
For the year ended on December 31, 2022, shares issued of restricted common stock vest over and the Company valued the 
shares at per share, on the date of the agreement. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Equity
of Subsidiary 

Non-Controlling
Interest 

In November 2019, a certificate of incorporation
was filed by AIU Alt Care for its Series I 
cumulative convertible preferred stock, par value 
 per share AIU Alt Care Preferred that authorizes the issuance of 
 shares of preferred stock and 
 of common stock and designated 
 as AIU Alt Care Preferred. Each share of AIU Alt Care Preferred has a stated value equal to the AIU Alt Care Preferred original
issue price of 
 per share. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, approximately and 
 were invested in AIU Alt Care, respectively, in exchange for approximately and 
 shares of such preferred stock, respectively. 

In October 2019, AIU Alt Care formed AIU Impact
Management, LLC and they formed Clearday OZ Fund, which is managed by AIU Impact Management, LLC, as the general partner. For the years
ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, approximately and 
 were invested in Clearday Oz Fund, respectively. 

The exchange rate for each of the Alt Care Preferred
Stock and the Clearday OZ LP Interests to Clearday, Inc. . 

Non-Controlling Interest Loss Allocation. 

The Company applied ASC810-10 guidance to correctly
allocate the percentage of loss attributable to the NCI of each company. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net income for AIU
Alt Care was 
 and a loss of . For the year ended December 31, 2021, the net income for AIU Alt Care is 
 and loss for Clearday Oz Fund is .
Based on ownership interest, AIU Alt Care and Clearday OZ Fund incurred a net loss (income) attributable to the NCI in the amount of
 and ,
respectively in 2022. 

Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock and Limited Partnership Interests in Subsidiaries (NCI). 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 no
additional shares of AIU Alt Care Preferred Stock or Clearday OZ LP Interests were issued. For the year ended December 31, 2021, shares
of AIU Alt Care Preferred Stock were outstanding, and units
of Clearday OZ LP Interests were outstanding. 

The terms and conditions of the Alt Care Preferred
Stock and the Clearday OZ LP Interests allow the investors in such interests to exchange such securities into the Company s common
stock at the conversion price equal to 80 of the 20 consecutive day volume weighted closing price of the Common Stock of Clearday preceding
the conversion date. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, AIU Alt Care and Clearday OZ Fund had outstanding 
 warrants, respectively. 

Each warrant has a term of and provides for the purchase of 
 share of the Company s common stock at a cash exercise price equal to 5.00 per share. The number of shares of the Company s common stock and the warrant exercise price will be subject to adjustment
for stock dividends, stock splits, combinations or other similar recapitalizations. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Dividends
on the Alt Care Preferred Stock and preferred distributions on the units of limited partnership interests in Clearday OZ Fund are at
each calendar quarterly month end at the applicable dividend rate on the original issue price of the Alt Care Preferred Stock
or the units limited partnership interests. Dividends will either (a) be payable in cash, if and to the extent declared by the board
of directors or the general partner, or (b) by issuing Dividend Shares equal to the aggregate accrued dividend divided by the Series
I Original Issue Price. Dividends, if noticed to the Holder, will be payable after the Dividend Payment Date. Accrued dividends totaled for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Each
of the Company, AIU Alt Care and Clearday OZ Fund shall redeem the Alt Care Preferred Stock or the units of limited partnership interests
on the 10 Year Redemption Date that is ten years after the final closing of the offering. The securities provide for a redemption in
cash or shares of common stock at the option of Clearday, Inc., in an amount equal to the unreturned investment in the Alt Care Preferred
Stock or units of limited partnership interests. Upon consummation of certain equity offerings prior to May 1, 2022, AIU Alt Care may,
at its option, redeem all or a part of the Alt Care Preferred Stock for the liquidation preference plus a make-whole premium. In addition,
upon the occurrence of, among other things (i) any change of control, (ii) a liquidation, dissolution, or winding up, (iii) certain insolvency
events, or (iv) certain asset sales, each holder may require the Company to redeem for cash all such holder s then outstanding
shares of Alt Care Preferred Stock. 

The
Certificate of Designation also sets forth certain limitations on the Company s ability to declare or make certain dividends and
distributions and engage in certain reorganizations. The limited partnership agreement has similar provisions. 

Subject
to certain exceptions, the holders of Alt Care Preferred Stock and the units of limited partnership interests have no voting power and
no right to vote on any matter at any time, either as a separate series or class or together with any other series or class of shares
of capital stock or partnership interests, and are not be entitled to call a meeting of such holders for any purpose, nor are they entitled
to participate in any meeting of the holders of the Company s common stock or participate in the management of Clearday OZ Fund
by its general partner. 

shares of preferred stock authorized, par value per share, including designated as Series F Preferred
Stock and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Pursuant to the Certificate of Designations of Series F Preferred Stock,
upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation Liquidation Event ), including
any Deemed Liquidation Event, as defined in the Certificate of Designations and unless otherwise determined by the majority of the holders
of the Series F Preferred Stock that a transaction is not a Deemed Liquidation Event, the holders of then outstanding Series F Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to be paid a liquidation preference Preference Amount out of the assets of the Company available
for distribution to its stockholders equal to the original issue price and, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends. As the payment
of this Preference Amount is not solely within the control of the Company, the Series F Preferred Stock does not qualify as permanent
equity and has been classified as mezzanine or temporary equity. The Series F Preferred Stock is not redeemable, and it was not probable
that there would be a Liquidation Event as of December 31, 2022. Therefore, the Company is not currently required to accrete the Series
F Preferred Stock to the aggregate liquidation value. 

State and local income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Other differences, net 

Valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 
 
 Effective tax rate 
 - 
 - 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Million (plus the aggregate exercise price for
all the Company options and warrants). The Merger Consideration will be payable in shares of common stock, par value per share,
of Viveon Viveon Common Stock valued at per share. 

In
addition, the holders of Company Preferred Stock will have the contingent right to earn up to shares of Viveon Common Stock,
in the aggregate (the Earnout Shares ), if at any time during the period beginning on the date of the Closing (the Closing
Date and ending on the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date (the Earnout Eligibility Period ), the Adjusted Net
Income for any Earnout Period is a positive number for the first time during the Earnout Eligibility Period (the Earnout Milestone ). 

If,
following the Closing Date and prior to end of the Earnout Eligibility Period, there is a Change of Control, then, immediately prior
to such Change of Control, all the Earnout Shares not yet earned shall be earned by the Company Earnout Holders and shall be released
from escrow and delivered to the Company Earnout Holders, and the Company Earnout Holders shall be eligible to participate in such Change
of Control transaction with respect to such Earnout Shares. 

The
Earnout Shares will be placed in escrow and will not be released from escrow until they are earned as a result of the occurrence of the
Earnout Milestone or a Change of Control, if applicable. The Earnout Shares that are not earned on or before the expiration of the Earnout
Eligibility Period shall be automatically forfeited and cancelled. 

Cancellation
of Securities. Each share of the Company capital stock, if any, that is owned by Viveon, Merger Sub, the Company, or any of their
subsidiaries (as treasury stock or otherwise) immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time ),
will automatically be cancelled and retired without any conversion or consideration. 

Preferred
Stock. At the Effective Time, each issued and outstanding share of the Company s Series F Cumulative Convertible Preferred
Stock, par value per share (the Company Series F Preferred Stock (other than any such shares of the Company capital
stock cancelled as described above and any dissenting shares), will be converted into the right to receive: (A) one (1) share of Parent
New Series F Preferred Stock plus (B) a number of Earnout Shares in accordance with, and subject to the contingencies, set forth in the
Merger Agreement. 

Each
issued and outstanding share of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share Series A
Preferred Stock (other than any such shares of the Company capital stock cancelled as described above and any dissenting shares),
will be converted into the right to receive: (A) one (1) share of Parent New Series A Preferred Stock plus (B) a number of Earnout Shares
in accordance with, and subject to the contingencies, set forth in the Merger Agreement. 

Common
Stock. At the Effective Time, each issued and outstanding share of the Company s common stock, par value per share
(the Company Common Stock (other than any such shares of the Company capital stock cancelled as described above and any
dissenting shares) will be converted into the right to receive a number of shares of Viveon Common Stock equal to the Conversion Ratio.
The Conversion Ratio as defined in the Merger Agreement means an amount equal to (a) Million, plus the
aggregate exercise or conversion price of outstanding the Company s stock options and warrants (excluding unvested options and
options or warrants with an exercise or conversion price of 5.00 or more), divided by (ii) the number of fully diluted the Company capital
stock (including Company Preferred Stock, warrants, stock options, convertible notes, and any other convertible securities) (excluding
unvested options and options or warrants with an exercise or conversion price of 5.00 or more and assuming a conversion price of the
Company subsidiary securities as provided in the Merger Agreement); divided by (b) . 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Stock
Options. At the Effective Time, each outstanding option to purchase shares of the Company Common Stock will be converted into an
option to purchase, subject to substantially the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such options prior to the Effective
Time, shares of Viveon Common Stock equal to the number of shares subject to such option prior to the Effective Time multiplied by the
Conversion Ratio, at an exercise price per share of Viveon Common Stock equal to the exercise price per share of the Company Common Stock
subject to such option divided by the Conversion Ratio. 

Warrants. Contingent
on and effective as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, each outstanding warrant to purchase shares of the Company Preferred
Stock or the Company Common Stock will be treated in accordance with the terms thereof. 

Convertible
Notes. Contingent on and effective as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, the Company s convertible notes outstanding as
of immediately prior to the Effective Time, will be treated in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing such convertible
notes. 

Subsidiary
Capital Stock. At and as of the Effective Time, the Alt Care Preferred Stock and the Clearday OZ LP Interests (collectively, the Subsidiary
Capital Stock will remain in full force and effect with the right to acquire the Viveon Common Stock with such adjustments noted
in the terms of such Subsidiary Capital Stock. 

Representations
and Warranties 

The
Merger Agreement contains customary representations and warranties of the parties thereto with respect to, among other things, (a) corporate
existence and power, (b) authorization to enter into the Merger Agreement and related transactions; subsidiaries, (c) governmental authorization,
(d) non-contravention, (e) capitalization, (f) corporate records, (g) consents, (h) financial statements, (i) internal accounting controls,
(j) absence of certain changes, (k) properties; title to assets, (l) litigation, (m) material contracts, (n) licenses and permits, (o)
compliance with laws, (p) intellectual property, (q) privacy and data security, (r) employee matters and benefits, (s) tax matters, (t)
real property, (u) environmental laws, (v) finders fees, (w) directors and officers, (x) anti-money laundering laws, (y) insurance,
(z) related party transactions, and (aa) certain representations related to securities law and activity. Viveon has additional representations
and warranties, including (a) issuance of shares, (b) trust fund, (c) listing, (d) board approval, (e) SEC documents and financial statements,
(f) certain business practices, (g) expenses, indebtedness and other liabilities and (h) brokers and other advisors. 

Covenants 

The
Merger Agreement includes customary covenants of the parties with respect to operation of their respective businesses prior to consummation
of the Merger and efforts to satisfy conditions to consummation of the Merger. The Merger Agreement also contains additional covenants
of the parties, including, among others, access to information, cooperation in the preparation of the Registration Statement and Proxy
Statement (as each such terms are defined in the Merger Agreement) required to be filed in connection with the Merger and to obtain all
requisite approvals of each party s respective stockholders. Viveon and the Company have each also agreed to include in the Proxy
Statement the recommendation of its respective board that its stockholders approve all of the proposals to be presented at its respective
special meeting. In addition, each of Viveon and the Company have agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to solicit and finalize
definitive documentation for a committed equity in an aggregate amount that, together with the funds in the Trust Account after giving
effect to potential redemptions from Viveon s public stockholders, together with financing programs available to the Company after
the Closing, will provide to the Company working capital to meet its short term commercial development goals. 

Viveon
has also agreed to prepare a proxy statement to seek the approval of its stockholders (the Extension Proposal to amend
its organizational documents to extend the period of time Viveon is afforded under its organizational documents and IPO prospectus to
consummate an initial business combination for an additional three months, from June 30,2023 to September 30, 2023 (or such earlier date
as Viveon and the Company may agree in writing). 

Each
party s representations, warranties and pre-Closing covenants will not survive Closing and no party has any post-Closing indemnification
obligations. 

Viveon
Equity Incentive Plan, Viveon has agreed to approve and adopt an equity incentive plan (the Incentive Plan to be effective
as of the Closing and in a form mutually acceptable to Viveon and the Company, subject to approval of the Incentive Plan by the Viveon
stockholders. The Incentive Plan will provide for an initial aggregate share reserve equal to of the number of shares of Viveon Common
Stock issued and outstanding at the Closing and an evergreen provision that is mutually agreeable to Viveon and the Company
will provide for an automatic increase on the first day of each fiscal year in the number of shares available for issuance under the
Incentive Plan as mutually determined by Viveon and the Company. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Non-Solicitation
Restrictions 

Each
of Viveon and the Company has agreed that from the date of the Merger Agreement to the Effective Time or, if earlier, the valid termination
of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, it will not initiate any negotiations with any party relating to an Alternative
Transaction (as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement) or enter into any agreement relating to such a proposal, other than as
expressly excluded from the definition of an Alternative Transaction. Each of Viveon and the Company has also agreed to be responsible
for any acts or omissions of any of its respective representatives that, if they were the acts or omissions of Viveon and the Company,
as applicable, would be deemed a breach of the party s obligations with respect to these non-solicitation restrictions. 

Conditions
to Closing 

The
consummation of the Merger is conditioned upon, among other things, (i) the absence of any applicable law or order restraining, prohibiting
or imposing any condition on the consummation of the Merger and related transactions, (ii) the expiration or termination of the waiting
period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, (iii) receipt of any consent, approval or authorization
required by any Authority (as defined in the Merger Agreement), (iv) Viveon having net tangible assets of at least (as determined
in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Exchange Act), unless Viveon s amended and restated certificate of incorporation shall
have been amended to remove such requirement prior to or concurrently with the Closing, (v) approval by the Company s stockholders
of the Merger and related transactions, (vi) approval by Viveon s stockholders of the Merger and related transactions, (vii) the
conditional approval for listing by NYSE American (or an alternate exchange) of the shares of Viveon Common Stock to be issued in connection
with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and satisfaction of initial and continued listing requirements, and (viii)
the Registration Statement becoming effective in accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities
Act ). 

Solely
with respect to Viveon and Merger Sub, the consummation of the Merger is conditioned upon, among other things, (i) the Company having
duly performed or complied with all of its obligations under the Merger Agreement in all material respects, (ii) the representations
and warranties of the Company, other than certain fundamental representations as defined in the Merger Agreement, being true and correct
in all respects unless failure would not have or reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Merger Agreement)
on the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (iii) certain fundamental representations, as defined in the Merger Agreement, being true
and correct in all respects, other than de minimis inaccuracies, (iv) no event having occurred that would result in a Material Adverse
Effect on the Company or any of its subsidiaries, (v) the Company and its securityholders having executed and delivered to Viveon each
Additional Agreement (as defined in the Merger Agreement) to which they each are a party and (vi) the Company delivering certain certificates
to Viveon. 

Solely
with respect to the Company, the consummation of the Merger is conditioned upon, among other things, (i) Viveon and Merger Sub having
duly performed or complied with all of their respective obligations under the Merger Agreement in all material respects, (ii) the representations
and warranties of Viveon and Merger Sub, other than certain fundamental representations as defined in the Merger Agreement, being true
and correct in all respects unless failure to be true and correct would not have or reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on Viveon or Merger Sub and their ability to consummate the Merger and related transactions, (iii) certain fundamental representations,
as defined in the Merger Agreement, being true and correct in all respects, other than de minimis inaccuracies, (iv) no event having
occurred that would result in a Material Adverse Effect on Viveon or Merger Sub, (v) the Amended Parent Charter (as defined in the Merger
Agreement) being filed with, and declared effective by, the Delaware Secretary of State, (vi) Viveon delivering certain certificates
to the Company, (vii) the size and composition of the post-Closing board of directors of Viveon having been appointed as set forth in
the Merger Agreement and (viii) Viveon, Viveon Health LLC Sponsor and other stockholders, as applicable, having executed
and delivered to the Company each Additional Agreement to which they each are a party. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Termination 

The
Merger Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time as follows: 

(i)
by either Viveon or the Company, if (A) the Merger and related transactions are not consummated on or before the latest of (i) June 30,
2023, (ii) if the Extension Proposal is approved, September 30, 2023 and (iii) if one or more extensions to a date following September
30, 2023 are obtained at the election of Viveon, with Viveon stockholder vote, in accordance with the Viveon s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, the last date for Viveon to consummate a business combination pursuant to such extensions; and (B) the
material breach or violation of any representation, warranty, covenant or obligation under the Merger Agreement by the party seeking
to terminate the Merger Agreement was not the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Closing to occur on or before the Outside
Closing Date, without liability to the other party; 

(ii)
by either Viveon or the Company, if any Authority has issued any final decree, order, judgment, award, injunction, rule or consent or
enacted any law, having the effect of permanently enjoining or prohibiting the consummation of the Merger, provided that, the party seeking
to terminate cannot have breached its obligations under the Merger Agreement and such breach was a substantial cause of, or substantially
resulted in, such action by the Authority; and 

(iii)
by mutual written consent of Viveon and the Company duly authorized by each of their respective boards of directors. 

Certain
Related Agreements 

Parent
Support Agreements. Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Viveon, the Company and the Sponsor and the officers
and directors of Viveon entered into a support agreement (the Parent Support Agreement pursuant to which the Sponsor and
the officers and directors of Viveon have agreed to vote all shares of Viveon common stock beneficially owned by them, including any
additional shares of Viveon they acquire ownership of or the power to vote: (i) in favor of the Merger and related transactions, (ii)
against any action reasonably be expected to impede, delay, or materially and adversely affect the Merger and related transactions, and
(iii) in favor of an extension of the period of time Viveon is afforded to consummate an initial business combination. 

Company
Support Agreements. Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Viveon, the Company and certain stockholders of the
Company entered into a support agreement (the Company Support Agreement ), pursuant to which such the Company stockholders
have agreed to vote all common and preferred stock of the Company beneficially owned by them, including any additional shares of the
Company they acquire ownership of or the power to vote, in favor of the Merger and related transactions and against any action reasonably
be expected to impede, delay, or materially and adversely affect the Merger and related transactions. 

Lock-Up
Agreements. In connection with the Closing, certain the Company stockholders will each agree, subject to certain customary exceptions,
not to (i) offer, sell contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any Lockup Shares, (ii) enter into a
transaction that would have the same effect, (iii) enter into any swap, hedge or other arrangement that transfers, in whole or in part,
any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Lock-Up Shares or otherwise, (iv) engage in any short sales or other arrangement
with respect to the Lock-Up Shares or (v) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i), (ii) or
(iii) until the date that is six months after the Closing Date (the Lock-Up Period ). The term Lockup Shares 
mean the Merger Consideration Shares and the Earnout Shares, if any, whether or not earned prior to the end of the Lock-up Period, together
with any other shares of Viveon Common Stock, and including any securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, or representing the
rights to receive Viveon Common Stock, if any, acquired during the Lock-up Period. If the closing price of Viveon Common Stock equals
or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading
days within any 30-trading day period following the Closing Date, of the Lock-up Shares will be released from the lock-up. The existing
escrow provisions of Viveon Common Stock held by certain stockholders will remain in effect. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Amended
and Restated Registration Rights Agreement. At the Closing, Viveon will enter into an amended and restated registration rights agreement
(the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement with certain existing stockholders of Viveon and the Company with
respect to their shares of Viveon Common Stock acquired before or pursuant to the Merger, and including the shares issuable on conversion
of the warrants issued to the Sponsor in connection with Viveon s initial public offering and any shares issuable on conversion
of loans or other convertible securities. The agreement amends and restates the registration rights agreement Viveon entered into on
December 22, 2020 in connection with its initial public offering. Subject to the Lock-Up Agreements described above, the holders of a
majority of the shares held by the existing Viveon stockholders, and the holders of a majority of the shares held by the Company stockholders
will each be entitled to make one demand that the Company register such securities for resale under the Securities Act, or two demands
each if Viveon is eligible to use Form S-3 or a similar short-form registration statement. In addition, the holders will have certain
 piggy-back registration rights that require Viveon to include such securities in registration statements that Viveon otherwise
files. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidating damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays
in registering Viveon s securities. Viveon will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. 

The
foregoing descriptions of agreements and the transactions and documents contemplated thereby are not complete and are subject to and
qualified in their entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, form of Parent Support Agreement, form of Company Support Agreement,
form of Lock-Up Agreement, and form of Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, copies of which are filed or incorporated
as filed as exhibits to this Report. 

In
connection with the Viveon Merger the Company has solicited additional investment that would close prior the Viveon Merger Closing or
 bridge financing and has received approximately prior to closing any such additional bridge financing investment,
net of expenses and fees, and has advanced approximately of such amount to Viveon for their business expenses. 

Lease
Terminations. 

On
March 31, 2023, the Company entered into agreements to terminate the leases Community Leases for three of its four residential
care facilities, which account for all of Clearday s leased residential care facilities. The Community Leases related to residential
communities (the Communities located in Westover, Texas, New Braunfels, Texas and Little Rock, Arkansas. Terminating the
Community Leases will remove Right of Use liabilities and right of use assets related to these Community Leases, as of December 31, 2022
and the write-off or elimination of the related net leasehold improvements and personal property in these Communities. The termination
of each of the Community Leases was effective May 1, 2023, the date Community Lease Termination Date that a new operator
that was selected and approved by the Lessor New Operator obtained all required government licenses, authorizations,
and approvals to operate the memory care residential facilities in Texas and Arkansas. The tenants of the Community Leases and the guarantors,
including Clearday, Inc. entered a Lease Transition Agreement with the Lessor of the properties dated March 31, 2023. The Lease Transition
Agreement provided, among other matters, that the aggregate liability of the Clearday subsidiaries that are tenants under the Community
Leases are reduced to amount (the Repayment Amount that is equal to the sum of: (1) past due rent payments under the Community
Leases of Past Due Community Lease Amounts ), (2) a fixed amount arising from the termination of the Community
Leases of Rent Differential Amount ), (3) the amount of additional advances Critical Expenses Advances by Landlord to pay critical expenses plus the premium for tail insurance policy in favor of the Landlord (the obligation for such premiums
are limited (4) plus an additional amount that is equal to the greater of or 5 of such Critical Expenses Advances.
The Repayment Amount is due and payable over a period maturing on July 31, 2025, as follows: (1) on closing date of the previously announced
proposed merger with Viveon Health Acquisition Corp. (the Viveon Merger ), a payment equal to 10 of the new money that is raised in connection with the Viveon Merger (subject to a minimum payment of and a maximum payment of ); provided that if the Viveon Merger does not close by July
31, 2023, then a payment of will be paid on July 31, 2023 or such other date agreed by Landlord and Clearday; (2) payable
quarterly commencing on December 31, 2023, and (3) beginning with the calendar quarter ending December 31, 2023 of the Excess Cash
Flow, generally based on earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization of Clearday. The current guarantors of the Community
Leases (a subsidiary of Clearday, Inc. and two individuals) continued to guaranty the obligations, as modified by the Lease Transition
Agreement, and provided a security interests on the collateral specified in such guarantees. 

In
connection with the Lease Termination Agreement, the tenants under the Community Leases and the Clearday, Inc. subsidiaries that operated
the Communities signed a promissory note for the Repayment Amount and the Past Due Community Lease Amounts and Clearday, Inc. agreed
to be an additional guarantor of the obligations of the Community Leases, as modified and limited by the Community Lease Transition Agreement,
which is less than approximately under the terms of a Guaranty (the Guaranty ). Clearday also agreed to cooperate
with Landlord to facility the termination of the Community Leases the sale of the furniture and fixtures at the Communities to the New
Operator so that New Operator may enter into a lease or purchase of the Communities and operate the memory care businesses in the Communities
or other businesses at the Communities that they choose to conduct. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

In
connection with the proposed termination of the Community Leases, the subsidiaries that operate the Communities (the Current Operators and subsidiaries of the New Operator New Communities Operators entered into the Operations Transfer Agreement dated as
of April 1, 2023 (the OTA ). The OTA provides that the New Communities Operators will purchase the personal property and
other assets of the Current Operators used at the Communities to enable the New Communities Operators to conduct their business at the
Communities under new leases or other arrangements with the Landlord. Such purchase and sale will close on the date that the New Communities
Operators receive the licenses, authorizations and approvals from the applicable Texas and Arkansas governmental agencies to conduct
a licensed residential memory care business at the Communities and they enter into new leases with the Landlord (the Commencement
Date ). The New Communities Operators will enter into new agreements with the residents at the Communities, effective the Commencement
Date, which agreements, according to statements by the New Communities Operators, will be at the same price as the rates charged by Current
Operators. The Current Operators have provided a notice to each of the residents at the Communities that their current agreement will
terminate, effective the Commencement Date. In connection with the OTA, the Current Operators and the New Communities Operators entered
into Interim Management and Security Agreements or an Interim Consulting and Security Agreement, as applicable, dated as of April 1,
2023 (the Interim Agreements ). The Interim Agreements provide that the New Communities Operators will assist with operating
the Communities as an independent contractor, pending their receipt of government authorizations and approvals necessary to operate memory
care residential care businesses at the Communities. The New Communities Operators are not affiliated with the Company or its officers
or directors. The OTA and Interim Agreements provide for the asset purchase and sale of the memory care businesses at the Communities,
and the transfer of certain agreements and the assumption of certain specified liabilities. The Current Operators, each of which is a
subsidiary of Clearday, Inc., remain obligated for liabilities that are not assumed by the New Operators. Under the Interim Agreements,
the New Communities Operators is an independent contractor that has employed, or offered employment to, all of the employees of the Current
Operators at the Communities and will fund and be responsible for any operating cash losses for the Communities. 

Additional
Financings. The Company incurred additional debt financings from institutional lenders: 

1.
Mast Hill Financing January 2023. 

On
January 13, 2023, the Company incurred a loan in the principal amount of ,
by issuing a promissory note MH Loan 1 Note that included original issue discount of .
The Company paid 
in placement fees and 
of legal fees and expenses of the lender. The net proceeds of this loan were used to repay the obligations of a mortgage on a land
asset held by a subsidiary Artesia of approximately 
and the remaining amount was used for general working purposes. The obligations under this loan incur interest equal to 
per annum, subject to increase to the lesser of 
per annum or the maximum amount permitted by law upon an Event of Default as defined by MH Loan 1 Note. The loan is due and payable
on . Interest and principal are payable from and after April 12, 2023, subject to a five business day grace period, in
equal monthly payments of 
plus accrued and unpaid interest, subject to the Company s right to extend any or each of the first three such payments for 30
days upon payment of a fee equal to 
of the amount due on such payment date. The loan may be prepaid upon notice of seven trading days without payment or penalties or
fees other than a 
administrative fee. The Company paid the lender a commitment fee of 
shares of its common stock MH Loan 1 Commitment Shares and issued two warrants to the lender. One warrant (the
 MH Loan Note Warrant may be exercised for 
shares of the Company s common stock from and after an Event of Default, as defined under MH Loan 1 Note, at a price per share
of .
The other warrant (the MH Loan 1 Other Warrant may be exercised for 
shares of the Company s common stock at a price per share of .
Each of the MH Loan 1 Note Warrant and the MH Loan 1 Other Warrant provide for customary cashless exercise of such
warrant and adjustments to the exercise price and shares underlying each warrant, including adjustment in the event of an issuance
of common stock or deemed issuance of common stock at a price that is lower than then exercise price on a full rachet 
basis. Artesia absolutely and unconditionally guaranteed to the lender the full amount of the loan under the terms and conditions of
that certain guaranty (the Guaranty ). Such Guarantee is secured by all assets of Artesia and the proceeds therefrom,
including the land asset located at 6465 7 Rivers Highway, Artesia, NM. Artesia has agreed to record a mortgage with respect to such
property in form mutually determined by Lender and Artesia. The lender has certain remedies, including the right to convert the
unpaid amount of the loan, from and after an Event of Default, at a price per share equal to .
The exercise price of each warrant and the conversion price of MH Loan 1 Note are subject to adjustment in the event the Company
issues shares of common stock or equivalents at a price per share that is lower than then exercise or conversion price. The Company
reserved shares of its common stock for issuance upon conversion of MH Loan 1 Note or the warrants and has agreed to register the
shares of common stock for resale under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company granted the lender with a right of first
refusal with respect to any bona fide offer of any financing , subject to exceptions for certain specified transactions: ; provided that
such repayment obligation is not applicable to Real Property Transactions, the sale of assets to customers of the Company in the
ordinary course of business, the sale of interests in real estate, or any Small Business Administration Economic Injury Disaster
Loan. Additionally, the Company provided the lender with rights to receive terms provided under any other financing transaction that
are more favorable than under MH Loan 1 Note, other than Real Property Transactions and certain other transactions. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

2.
1800 Diagonal Lending February 2023. 

On
February 10, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the 1800 Note to an institutional lender in the aggregate
amount of ,
including original issue discount of .
The Company used the proceeds of this financing to fund the Company s operations and repay approximately 
 of existing indebtedness to this lender that
was incurred April 5, 2022. The 1800 Note provides for the net funding to Clearday of 
 after payment of specified expenses of 
 and provides for an original issue discount of
 ,
resulting in a principal obligation of 
 and a one-time interest charge of 
 on such principal amount. 

The
1800 Note provides for a one year maturity. Monthly payments on the 1800 Note of approximately 
 will be made by Clearday with the first payment
being on March 30, 2023, which payments are subject to a 10 day grace period. The 1800 Note provides specified events of default (an
 Event of Default including failure to timely pay the monetary obligations under the 1800 Note and such breach continues
for a period of ten (10) days after written notice from the 1800 Noteholder a breach of covenants under the 1800 Note or the Purchase
Agreement that continues for a period of twenty (20) days after written notice by the 1800 Noteholder; breach of any representation and
warranty in the 1800 Note or Purchase Agreement; commencement of bankruptcy or similar proceedings; failure to maintain the listing of
Clearday s common stock on at least one of the Over-the-Counter markets such as the OTCQX or OTCQB; the failure of Clearday to
comply with the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act; Clearday s liquidation, or a financial statement restatement
by Clearday. 

Upon
any Event of Default, the obligations under the 1800 Note will accrue interest at an annual rate of 22 and, if such Event of Default
is continuing at any time that is 180 days after the date of the 1800 Note, provide the 1800 Noteholder the right and option to convert
the obligations under the 1800 Note to shares of Clearday s common stock. The price for any such conversion is equal to 75 (or
a 25 discount) of the average of the five (5) lowest per share daily volume-weighted average price of Clearday s common stock
over the ten (10) consecutive trading days that are not subject to specified market disruptions immediately preceding the date of the
conversion. The conversion right of the 1800 Noteholder is subject to a customary limitation on beneficial ownership of 4.99 of Clearday s
common stock. 

3.
Jefferson Street February 2023. 

On
February 17, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Jefferson Street Note to an institutional lender.
the Company used the net proceeds of this financing to fund the Company s operations. 

This Jefferson Street Note provides for the
proceeds to us of approximately and provides for an original issue discount of or , resulting in a principal obligation
of . The Company paid in placement fees in connection with the issuance and sale of the securities to the Lender. The
Jefferson Street Note provides a one-time interest
charge of on such principal amount or and a . Monthly payments
on the Jefferson Street Note of the a ccrued, unpaid interest and outstanding principal, subject to adjustment, each in the amount of (a total payback to the Holder of ). The first such payment is due April 16,
2023 with nine (9) subsequent payments each month thereafter , which payments are subject to a 10
day grace period, or shorter if the payment date is not a business day. 

The
Jefferson Street Note provides specified events of default (a Event of Default including failure to timely pay the monetary
obligations under the Jefferson Street Note and such breach continues for a period of ten (10) days after written notice from the Jefferson
Street Noteholder a breach of covenants under the Jefferson Street Note or the Securities Purchase Agreement that continues for
a period of twenty (20) days after written notice by the Jefferson Street Noteholder; breach of any representation and warranty in the
Jefferson Street Note or Securities Purchase Agreement; commencement of bankruptcy or similar proceedings; failure to maintain the listing
of Clearday s common stock on at least one of the Over-the-Counter markets such as the OTCQX; the failure of Clearday to comply
with the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act; Clearday s liquidation, or a financial statement restatement by
Clearday. Upon any Event of Default, the obligations under the Jefferson Street Note will accrue interest at an annual rate of 22 and,
if such Event of Default is continuing at any time that is 180 days after the date of the Jefferson Street Note, provide the Jefferson
Street Noteholder the right and option to convert the obligations under the Jefferson Street Note to shares of Clearday s common
stock. The price for any such conversion is equal to 75 (or a 25 discount) of the average of the five (5) lowest per share daily volume-weighted
average price of Clearday s common stock over the ten (10) consecutive trading days that are not subject to specified market disruptions
immediately preceding the date of the conversion. The conversion right of the holder of the Jefferson Street Note is subject to a customary
limitation on beneficial ownership of 4.99 of Clearday s common stock. Each of the Jefferson Street Note and the Securities Purchase
Agreement has other customary covenants and provisions, including representations and warranties, payment of brokers, and indemnification,
that Clearday will not sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business
without the consent of the holder of the Jefferson Street Note and Clearday will maintain a reserve of authorized and unissued shares
of common stock sufficient for full conversion of the obligations under the Jefferson Street Note. 

As
additional consideration, the Company issued to the Lender a Common Stock Purchase Jefferson Street Warrant Jefferson Street
Warrant to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price per share of . The Jefferson
Street Warrant expires five years from . The Jefferson Street Warrant provides for customary cashless exercise
of such Jefferson Street Warrant and adjustments to the exercise price and shares underlying each warrant, including adjustment in the
event of an issuance of common stock or deemed issuance of common stock at a price that is lower than then exercise price on a full
rachet basis. 

Clearday,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

4.
Convertible Notes 

From
 February 17, 2023 to April 10, 2023, a subsidiary of the Company, AIU Alternative Care, Inc. Innovative
Care ), issued convertible unsecured promissory notes (each, a Convertible Note and collectively, the Convertible
Notes to lenders in a private placement of such securities, including related persons. The aggregate gross proceeds of such Convertible
Notes are approximately . Each Convertible Note provides for interest at the rate a per annum per month) that accrues and is payable
at the maturity of the loan or upon prepayment or conversion, if earlier. The lender under each Convertible Note was also issued 10 
of the principal amount in the Company s common stock at the per share price of . The loan under each Convertible Note is
due January 31, 2024. The principal and the accrued and unpaid interests of each loan may be converted into the Company s shares
of common stock by such lender at the per share price of , subject to appropriate adjustments for any stock splits, reverse stock
splits mergers, consolidations or similar transactions (the Loan Conversion Price ). The Company also has the right to convert
the principal and the accrued and unpaid interest on the loan at the Loan Conversion Price upon certain events: 

The
 issuance by Innovative Care or the Company or any of its other subsidiaries of any equity securities in one or more offerings with
 aggregate gross proceeds of at least million; 

The
 issuance by the Company or any of its other subsidiaries of convertible debt securities that were issued with gross proceeds in an
 aggregate amount of at least million; 

The
 listing by the Company or its common stock to the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American or any tier of the NASDAQ market in
 connection with an offering of securities by the Company or any of its subsidiaries in connection with any merger, consolidation
 or similar transaction with another person in which the Company is the surviving entity; or 

The
 exchange of the shares of the Company s common stock for the common stock or other security that is listed on the New York
 Stock Exchange, the NYSE American or any tier of the NASDAQ market in connection with any merger, consolidation or similar transaction
 with another person in which Clearday is not the surviving entity or in which Clearday becomes a subsidiary of such other person,
 including without limitation, any special purpose acquisition corporation. 

5.
Sale Repurchase Transaction 

On May 22, 2023, Stockdale Associates, Ltd. Stockdale ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Clearday, Inc. entered into a sale-repurchase transaction with James Walesa,
the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, for the land of approximately acres
owned by Stockdale that is located in Stockdale, Texas (the Stockdale Property ). The aggregate purchase price for the
Stockdale Property was approximately .
Mr. Walesa used the Stockdale Property to obtain mortgage financing in such amount from a third party (the Stockdale Mortgage
Loan for the full amount of the purchase price. Stockdale may repurchase the Stockdale Property at any time upon payment to
Mr. Walesa of ,
plus interest on such amount at a rate of annually
on the basis of a 360 day year, less .
Stockdale is required to pay Mr. Walesa the sum of 1,589.58 per month commencing July 1, 2024 and pay all other amounts required
under the Stockdale Mortgage Loan and all amounts, including property taxes, required for the ownership of the property. The
transaction structure is to provide Stockdale with the same economic effect as if Stockdale incurred the mortgage financing for the
Stockdale Property and maintained the ownership of the Stockdale Property. The lender under the Stockdale Mortgage Loan would not
finance the property other than to an individual owner. The Stockdale Mortgage Loan matures, and Stockdale s repurchase right
terminated, on June 1, 2028. 

Equity
Issuances 

On
January 27, 2023, the Company issued shares of the Company s Common Stock was issued in consideration of approximately
 of accrued amounts payable to Thinktiv, Inc. and for continued services technology and advisory services during the first
quarter as from time to time mutually agreed. 

F- 48 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on this 25 th day of May, 2023. 

CLEARDAY,
 INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 James T. Walesa 

James
 T. Walesa 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL THESE PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints James T. Walesa, his attorney-in-fact,
with full power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Report on Form 10-K, and to
file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby
ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 James T. Walesa 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 May 25, 2023 
 
 James
 T. Walesa 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 BJ Parrish 
 
 Director / Acting Chief Financial Officer 
 
 May 25, 2023 
 
 BJ
 Parrish 

/s/
 Elizabeth M. Caveness 
 
 Director 
 
 May 25, 2023 
 
 Elizabeth
 M. Caveness 

/s/
 Alan Channing 
 
 Director 
 
 May 25, 2023 
 
 Alan
 Channing 

/s/
 Jeffrey A. Coleman 
 
 Director 
 
 May 25, 2023 
 
 Jeffrey
 A. Coleman 

/s/
 Richard Levychin 
 
 Director 
 
 May 25, 2023 
 
 Richard
 Levychin 

66 

<EX-10.11-1>
 2
 ex10_11-1.htm

Exhibit
10.11.1 

BUSINESS
LOAN AGREEMENT 

Principal 
 805,000.00 
 Loan
 Date 
 02-10-2022 
 Maturity 
 02-10-2023 
 Loan
 No 
 70021721 
 Call/
 Coll 
 06
 / 420 
 Account 
 172240 
 Officer 
 807 
 Initials 
 
 References
 in the boxes above are for Lender s use only and do not limit the applicability of this document to any particular loan or item.
 Any item above containing has been omitted due to text length limitations. 

Borrower: 
 LEANDER
 ASSOCIATES, LTD. 
 
 Lender: 
 STEARNS
 BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

8800
 VILLAGE DR, STE 106 
 SAN
 ANTONIO. TX 78217 

ST
 CLOUD OFFICE 
 4191
 2ND ST S 
 ST.
 CLOUD, MN 56301 

THIS
BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT dated February 10, 2022, is made and executed between LEANDER ASSOCIATES, LTD. Borrower and STEARNS
BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION Lender on the following terms and conditions. Borrower has received prior commercial loans from
Lender or has applied to Lender for a commercial loan or loans or other financial accommodations, including those which may be described
on any exhibit or schedule attached to this Agreement. Borrower understands and agrees that: (A) in granting, renewing, or extending
any Loan. Lender is relying upon Borrower s representations, warranties, and agreements as set forth in this Agreement; (B) the granting,
renewing, or extending of any Loan by Lender at all times shall be subject to Lender s sole judgment and discretion; and (C) all such
Loans shall be and remain subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

TERM.
This Agreement shall be effective as of February 10, 2022, and shall continue in full force and effect until such time as all of Borrower s
Loans in favor of Lender have been paid in full, including principal, interest, costs, expenses, attorneys fees, and other fees and
charges, or until such time as the parties may agree in writing to terminate this Agreement. 

CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT TO EACH ADVANCE. Lender s obligation to make the initial Advance and each subsequent Advance under this Agreement shall be
subject to the fulfillment to Lender s satisfaction of all of the conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Related Documents. 

Loan
Documents. Borrower shall provide to Lender the following documents for the Loan: (1) the Note; (2) Security Agreements granting to Lender
security interests in the Collateral; (3) financing statements and all other documents perfecting Lender s Security Interests: (4) evidence
of insurance as required below; (5) guaranties; (6) together with all such Related Documents as Lender may require for the Loan; all
in form and substance satisfactory to Lender and Lender s counsel. 

Borrower s
Authorization. Borrower shall have provided in form and substance satisfactory to Lender properly certified resolutions, duly authorizing
the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Note and the Related Documents. In addition, Borrower shall have provided such other
resolutions, authorizations, documents and instruments as Lender or its counsel, may require. 

Payment
of Fees and Expenses. Borrower shall have paid to Lender all fees, charges, and other expenses which are then due and payable as specified
in this Agreement or any Related Document. 

Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement, in the Related Documents, and in any document or certificate
delivered to Lender under this Agreement are true and correct. 

No
Event of Default. There shall not exist at the time of any Advance a condition which would constitute an Event of Default under this
Agreement or under any Related Document. 

REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES. Borrower represents and warrants to Lender, as of the date of this Agreement, as of the date of each disbursement of
loan proceeds, as of the date of any renewal, extension or modification of any Loan, and at all times any Indebtedness exists: 

Organization.
Borrower is a limited liability company which is, and at all times shall be, duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under
and by virtue of the laws of the State of Texas. Borrower is duly authorized to transact business in all other states in which Borrower
is doing business, having obtained all necessary filings, governmental licenses and approvals for each state in which Borrower is doing
business. Specifically, Borrower is, and at all times shall be, duly qualified as a foreign limited liability company in all states in
which the failure to so qualify would have a material adverse effect on its business or financial condition. Borrower has the full power
and authority to own its properties and to transact the business in which it is presently engaged or presently proposes to engage. Borrower
maintains an office at 8800 VILLAGE DR, STE 106, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78217. Unless Borrower has designated otherwise in writing, the principal
office is the office at which Borrower keeps its books and records including its records concerning the Collateral. Borrower will notify
Lender prior to any change in the location of Borrower s state of organization or any change in Borrower s name. Borrower shall do all
things necessary to preserve and to keep in full force and effect its existence, rights and privileges, and shall comply with all regulations,
rules, ordinances. statutes, orders and decrees of any governmental or quasi-governmental authority or court applicable to Borrower and
Borrower s business activities. 

Assumed
Business Names. Borrower has filed or recorded all documents or filings required by law relating to all assumed business names used by
Borrower. Excluding the name of Borrower, the following is a complete list of all assumed business names under which Borrower does business:
None. 

Authorization.
Borrower s execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement and all the Related Documents have been duly 11uthorized by all necessary
action by Borrower and do not conflict with, result in a violation of, or constitute a default under (1) any provision of (a) Borrower s
articles of organization or membership agreements, or (b) any agreement or other instrument binding upon Borrower or (2) any law, governmental
regulation, court decree, or order applicable to Borrower or to Borrower s properties. 

Financial
Information. Each of Borrower s financial statements supplied to Lender truly and completely disclosed Borrower s financial condition
as of the date of the statement, and there has been no material adverse change in Borrower s financial condition subsequent to the date
of the most recent financial statement supplied to Lender. Borrower has no material contingent obligations except as disclosed in such
financial statements. 

Legal
Effect. This Agreement constitutes, and any instrument or agreement Borrower is required to give under this Agreement when delivered
will constitute legal, valid, and binding obligations of Borrower enforceable against Borrower in accordance with their respective terms. 

Properties.
Except as contemplated by this Agreement or as previously disclosed in Borrower s financial statements or in writing to Lender and as
accepted by Lender, and except for property tax liens for taxes not presently due and payable, Borrower owns and has good title to al!
of Borrower s properties free and clear of all Security Interests, and has not executed any security documents or financing statements
relating to such properties. All of Borrower s properties are titled in Borrower s legal name, and Borrower has not used or filed a financing
statement under any other name for at least the last five (5) years. 

BUSINESS
 LOAN AGREEMENT 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 2 

Hazardous
Substances. Except as disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writing, Borrower represents and warrants that: (1) During the period
of Borrower s ownership of the Collateral. there has been no use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release or threatened
release of any Hazardous Substance by any person on, under, about or from any of the Collateral. (2) Borrower has no knowledge of, or
reason to believe that there has been (a) any breach or violation of any Environmental Laws; (b) any use, generation, manufacture. storage,
treatment, disposal, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Substance on, under, about or from the Collateral by any prior owners
or occupants of any of the Collateral; or (c) any actual or threatened litigation or claims of any kind by any person relating to such
matters. (3) Neither Borrower nor any tenant, contractor, agent or other authorized user of any of the Collateral shall use, generate,
manufacture, store, treat, dispose of or release any Hazardous Substance on, under, about or from any of the Collateral: and any such
activity shall be conducted in compliance with all applicable federal. state, and local laws, regulations, and ordinances, including
without limitation all Environmental Laws. Borrower authorizes Lender and its agents to enter upon the Collateral to make such inspections
and tests as Lender may deem appropriate to determine compliance of the Collateral with this section of the Agreement. Any inspections
or tests made by Lender shall be at Borrower s expense and for Lender s purposes only and shall not be construed to create any responsibility
or liability on the part of Lender to Borrower or to any other person. The representations and warranties contained herein are based
on Borrower s due diligence in investigating the Collateral for hazardous waste and Hazardous Substances. Borrower hereby (1) releases
and waives any future claims against Lender for indemnity or contribution in the event Borrower becomes liable for cleanup or other costs
under any such laws, and (2) agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Lender against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages,
penalties, and expenses, including attorneys fees, consultants fees, and costs which Lender may directly or indirectly sustain or suffer
resulting from a breach of this section of the Agreement or as a consequence of any use, generation, manufacture, storage, disposal,
release or threatened release of a hazardous waste or substance on the Collateral. The provisions of this section of the Agreement. including
the obligation to indemnify and defend, shall survive the payment of the Indebtedness and the termination, expiration or satisfaction
of this Agreement and shall not be affected by Lender s acquisition of any interest in any of the Collateral, whether by forecourse or
otherwise. 

Litigation
and Claims. No litigation, claim, investigation. administrative proceeding or similar action (including those for unpaid taxes) against
Borrower is pending or threatened, and no other event has occurred which may materially adversely affect Borrower s financial condition
or properties, other than litigation, claims, or other events, if any, that have been disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writing. 

Taxes.
To the best of Borrower s knowledge, all of Borrower s tax returns and reports that are or were required to be filed, have been filed.
and all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges have been paid in full, except those presently being or to be contested by
Borrower in good faith in the ordinary course of business and for which adequate reserves have been provided. 

Lien
Priority. Unless otherwise previously disclosed to Lender in writing, Borrower has not entered into or granted any Security Agreements,
or permitted the filing or attachment of any Security Interests on or affecting any of the Collateral directly or indirectly securing
repayment of Borrower s Loan and Note, that would be prior or that may in any way be superior to Lender s Security Interests and rights
in and to such Collateral. 

Binding
Effect. This Agreement, the Note, all Security Agreements (if any), and all Related Documents are binding upon the signers thereof. as
well as upon their successors, representatives and assigns, and are legally enforceable in accordance with their respective terms 

AFFIRMATIVE
COVENANTS. Borrower covenants and agrees with Lender that, so long as this Agreement remains in effect, Borrower will: 

Notices
of Claims and Litigation. Promptly inform Lender in writing of (1) all material adverse changes in Borrower s financial condition, and
(2) all existing and all threatened litigation, claims, investigations, administrative proceedings or similar actions affecting Borrower
or any Guarantor which could materially affect the financial condition of Borrower or the financial condition of any Guarantor. 

Financial
Records. Maintain its books and records in accordance with GMP, applied on a consistent basis, and permit Lender to examine and audit
Borrower s books and records at all reasonable times. 

Financial
Statements. Furnish Lender with the following: 

Annual
Statements. As soon as available, but in no event later than one-hundred-twenty (120) days after the end of each fiscal year, Borrower s
balance sheet and income statement for the year ended, prepared by Borrower. 

Tax
Returns. As soon as available, but in no event later than thirty (30) days after the applicable filing date for the tax reporting period
ended, Borrower s Federal and other governmental tax returns, prepared by a certified public accountant satisfactory to Lender. 

Additional
Requirements. 1) ANNUAL BORROWER DEBT SCHEDULE; 2) ANNUAL PERSONAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (INCLUDING CONTINGENT LIABILITIES) FROM EACH
GUARANTOR; 3) ANNUAL PERSONAL TAX RETURNS. INCLUDING ALL SUPPORTING SCHEDULES K-1 S (IF APPLICABLE), FROM EACH GUARANTOR; 4) ADDITIONAL
FINANCIAL REPORTING ITEMS AS NEEDED UPON LENDER REQUEST. 

All
financial reports required to be provided under this Agreement shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP, applied on a consistent basis.
and certified by Borrower as being true and correct. 

Additional
Information. Furnish such additional information and statements, as Lender may request from time to time. 

Insurance.
Maintain fire and other risk insurance, public liability insurance, and such other insurance as Lender may require with respect to Borrower s
properties and operations, in form, amounts, coverages and with insurance companies acceptable to Lender. Borrower, upon request of Lender,
will deliver to Lender from time to time the policies or certificates of insurance in form satisfactory to Lender, including stipulations
that coverages will not be cancelled or diminished without at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to Lender. Each insurance policy
also shall include an endorsement providing that coverage in favor of Lender will not be impaired in any way by any act. omission or
default of Borrower or any other person. In connection with all policies covering assets in which Lender holds or is offered a security
interest for the Loans, Borrower will provide Lender with such lender s loss payable or other endorsements as Lender may require. 

Insurance
Reports. Furnish to Lender, upon request of Lender, reports on each existing insurance policy showing such information as Lender may
reasonably request, including without limitation the following: (1) the name of the insurer; (2) the risks insured: (3) the amount of
the policy: (4) the properties insured; (5) the then current property values on the basis of which insurance has been obtained, and the
manner of determining those values; and (6) the expiration date of the policy. In addition, upon request of Lender (however not more
often than annually), Borrower will have an independent appraiser satisfactory to Lender determine, as applicable, the actual cash value
or replacement cost of any Collateral. The cost of such appraisal shall be paid by Borrower. 

Guaranties.
Prior to disbursement of any Loan proceeds, furnish executed guaranties of the Loans in favor of Lender, executed by the guarantor named
below, on Lender s forms, and in the amount and under the conditions set forth in those guaranties. 

BUSINESS
 LOAN AGREEMENT 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 3 

Name
 of Guarantor 
 
 Amount 
 
 JAMES
 T WALESA 
 
 Unlimited 

Other
Agreements. Comply with all terms and conditions of all other agreements, whether now or hereafter existing, between Borrower and any
other party and notify Lender immediately in writing of any default in connection with any other such agreements. 

Loan
Proceeds. Use all Loan proceeds solely for Borrower s business operations, unless specifically consented to the contrary by Lender in
writing. 

Taxes.
Charges and Liens. Pay and discharge when due all of its indebtedness and obligations, including without limitation all assessments,
taxes. governmental charges, levies and liens, of every kind and nature, imposed upon Borrower or its properties, income, or profits,
prior to the date on which penalties would attach, and all lawful claims that, if unpaid, might become a lien or charge upon any of Borrower s
properties. income, or profits. Provided however, Borrower will not be required to pay and discharge any such assessment, tax, charge,
levy, lien or claim so long as (1) the legality of the same shall be contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, and (2) Borrower
shall have established on Borrower s books adequate reserves with respect to such contested assessment, tax, charge, levy, lien, or claim
1n Accordance with GMP. 

Performance.
Perform and comply, in a timely manner, with all terms, conditions, and provisions set forth in this Agreement, in the Related Documents.
and in all other instruments and agreements between Borrower and Lender. Borrower shall notify Lender immediately in writing of any default
in connection with any agreement. 

Operations.
Maintain executive and management personnel with substantially the same qualifications and experience as the present executive and management
personnel; provide written notice to Lender of any change in executive and management personnel; conduct its business affairs in a reasonable
and prudent manner. 

Environmental
Studies. Promptly conduct and complete, at Borrower s expense. all such investigations, studies, samplings and testings as may be requested
by Lender or any governmental authority relative to any substance, or any waste or by-product of any substance defined as toxic or a
hazardous substance under applicable federal. state, or local law, rule, regulation. order or directive. at or affecting any property
or any facility owned, leased or used by Borrower. 

Compliance
with Governmental Requirements. Comply with all laws, ordinances, and regulations, now or hereafter in effect, of all governmental authorities
applicable to the conduct of Borrower s properties, businesses and operations, and to the use or occupancy of the Collateral. including
without limitation, the Americans With Disabilities Act. Borrower may contest in good faith any such law, ordinance, or regulation and
withhold compliance during any proceeding, including appropriate appeals, so long as Borrower has notified Lender in writing prior to
doing so and so long as, in Lender s sole opinion, Lender s interests in the Collateral are not jeopardized. Lender may require Borrower
to post adequate security or a surety bond, reasonably satisfactory to Lender, to protect Lender s interest. 

Inspection.
Permit employees or agents of Lender at any reasonable time to inspect any and all Collateral for the Loan or Loans and Borrower s other
properties and to examine or audit Borrower s books, accounts, and records and to make copies and memoranda of Borrower s books. accounts,
and records. If Borrower now or at any time hereafter maintains any records (including without limitation computer generated records
and computer software programs for the generation of such records) in the possession of a third party, Borrower. upon request of Lender,
shall notify such party to permit Lender free access to such records at all reasonable times and to provide Lender with copies of any
records it may request, all at Borrower s expense. 

Environmental
Compliance and Reports. Borrower shall comply in all respects with any and all Environmental Laws; not cause or permit to exist. as a
result of an intentional or unintentional action or omission on Borrower s part or on the part of any third party, on property owned
and/or occupied by Borrower, any environmental activity where damage may result to the environment, unless such environmental activity
is pursuant to and in compliance with the conditions of a permit issued by the appropriate federal, state or local governmental authorities;
shall furnish to Lender promptly and in any event within thirty (30) days after receipt thereof a copy of any notice, summons. lien,
citation, directive, letter or other communication from any governmental agency or instrumentality concerning any intentional or unintentional
action or omission on Borrower s part in connection with any environmental activity whether or not there is damage to the environment
and/or other natural resources. 

Additional
Assurances. Make, execute and deliver to Lender such promissory notes, mortgages, deeds of trust, security agreements, assignments. financing
statements, instruments, documents and other agreements as Lender or its attorneys may reasonably request to evidence and secure the
Loans and to perfect all Security Interests. 

LENDER S
EXPENDITURES. If any action or proceeding is commenced that would materially affect Lender s interest in the Collateral or if Borrower
fails to comply with any provision of this Agreement or any Related Documents, including but not limited to Borrower s failure to discharge
or pay when due any amounts Borrower is required to discharge or pay under this Agreement or any Related Documents, Lender on Borrower s
behalf may (but shall not be obligated to) take any action that Lender deems appropriate, including but not limited to discharging or
paying all taxes, liens, security interests, encumbrances and other claims, at any time levied or placed on any Collateral and paying
all costs for insuring. maintaining and preserving any Collateral. All such expenditures incurred or paid by Lender for such purposes
will then bear interest at the rate charged under the Note from the date incurred or paid by Lender to the date of repayment by Borrower.
All such expenses will become a part of the Indebtedness and, at Lender s option, will (A) be payable on demand; (B) be added to the
balance of the Note and be apportioned among and be payable with any installment payments to become due during either (1) the term of
any applicable insurance policy: or (2) the remaining term of the Note; or (C) be treated as a balloon payment which will be due and
payable at the Note s maturity. 

NEGATIVE
COVENANTS. Borrower covenants and agrees with Lender that while this Agreement is in effect, Borrower shall not. without the prior written
consent of Lender: 

Indebtedness
and Liens. (1) Except for trade debt incurred in the normal course of business and indebtedness to Lender contemplated by this Agreement,
create, incur or assume indebtedness for borrowed money, including capital leases, (2) sell, transfer, mortgage, assign, pledge. lease,
grant a security interest in, or encumber any of Borrower s assets (except as allowed as Permitted Liens), or (3) sell with recourse
any of Borrower s accounts receivable, except to Lender. 

Continuity
of Operations. (1) Engage in any business activities substantially different than those in which Borrower is presently engaged, (2) cease
operations, liquidate, merge or restructure as a legal entity (whether by division or otherwise), consolidate with or acquire any other
entity, change its name. convert to another type of entity or redomesticate, dissolve or transfer or sell Collateral out of the ordinary
course of business, or (3) make any distribution with respect to any capital account, whether by reduction of capital or otherwise. 

Loans,
Acquisitions and Guaranties. (1) Loan, invest in or advance money or assets to any other person, enterprise or entity, (2) purchase.
create or acquire any interest in any other enterprise or entity, or (3) incur any obligation as surety or guarantor other than in the
ordinary course of business. 

Agreements.
Enter into any agreement containing any provisions which would be violated or breached by the performance of Borrower s obligations under
this Agreement or in connection herewith. 

BUSINESS
 LOAN AGREEMENT 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 4 

CESSATION
OF ADVANCES. If Lender has made any commitment to make any Loan to Borrower, whether under this Agreement or under any other agreement.
Lender shall have no obligation to make Loan Advances or to disburse Loan proceeds if: (A) Borrower or any Guarantor is in default under
the terms of this Agreement or any of the Related Documents or any other agreement that Borrower or any Guarantor has with Lender: (B)
Borrower or any Guarantor dies, becomes incompetent or becomes insolvent, files a petition in bankruptcy or similar proceedings, or Is
adjudged a bankrupt; (C) there occurs a material adverse change in Borrower s financial condition, in the financial condition of any
Guarantor, or in the value of any Collateral securing any Loan; or (D) any Guarantor seeks, claims or otherwise attempts to limit, modify
or revoke such Guarantor s guaranty of the Loan or any other loan with Lender; or (E) Lender in good faith deems itself insecure. even
though no Event of Default shall have occurred. 

RIGHT
OF SETOFF. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Lender reserves a right of setoff in all Borrower s accounts with Lender (whether
checking, savings, or some other account). This includes all accounts Borrower holds jointly with someone else and all accounts Borrower
may open in the future. However, this does not include any IRA or Keogh accounts, or any trust accounts for which setoff would be prohibited
by law. Borrower authorizes Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to charge or setoff all sums owing on the Indebtedness
against any and all such accounts. and, at Lender s option, to administratively freeze all such accounts to allow Lender to protect Lender s
charge and setoff rights provided in this paragraph. 

DEFAULT.
Each of the following shall constitute an Event of Default under this Agreement: 

Payment
Default. Borrower fails to make any payment when due under the Loan. 

Other
Defaults. Borrower fails to comply with or to perform any other term, obligation, covenant or condition contained 1n this Agreement or
in any of the Related Documents or to comply with or to perform any term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in any other agreement
between Lender and Borrower. 

Environmental
Default. Failure of any party to comply with or perform when due any term, obligation. covenant or condition contained in any environmental
agreement executed in connection with any Loan. 

Default
in Favor of Third Parties. Borrower or any Granter defaults under any loan, extension of credit, security agreement, purchase or sales
agreement, or any other agreement, in favor of any other creditor or person that may materially affect any of Borrower s or any Grantor s
property or Borrower s or any Grantor s ability to repay the Loans or perform their respective obligations under this Agreement or any
of the Related Documents. 

False
Statements. Any warranty, representation or statement made or furnished to Lender by Borrower or on Borrower s behalf under this Agreement
or the Related Documents is false or misleading in any material respect, either now or at the time made or furnished or becomes false
or misleading at any time thereafter. 

Death
or Insolvency. The dissolution of Borrower (regardless of whether election to continue is made), any member withdraws from Borrower,
or any other termination of Borrower s existence as a going business or the death of any member, the insolvency of Borrower, the appointment
of a receiver for any part of Borrower s property, any assignment for the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor workout. or the
commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws by or against Borrower. 

Defective
Collateralization. This Agreement or any of the Related Documents ceases to be in full force and effect (including failure of any collateral
document to create a valid and perfected security interest or lien) at any time and for any reason. 

Creditor
or Forfeiture Proceedings. Commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings. whether by judicial proceeding, self-help, repossession
or any other method, by any creditor of Borrower or by any governmental agency against any collateral securing the Loan. This includes
a garnishment of any of Borrower s accounts, including deposit accounts, with Lender. However, this Event of Default shall not apply
if there is a good faith dispute by Borrower as to the validity or reasonableness of the claim which is the basis of the creditor or
forfeiture proceeding and if Borrower gives Lender written notice of the creditor or forfeiture proceeding and deposits with Lender monies
or a surety bond for the creditor or forfeiture proceeding, in an amount determined by Lender, in its sole discretion, as being an adequate
reserve or bond for the dispute. 

Events
Affecting Guarantor. Any of the preceding events occurs with respect to any Guarantor of any of the Indebtedness or any Guarantor dies
or becomes incompetent, or revokes or disputes the validity of, or I/ability under, any Guaranty of the Indebtedness. 

Adverse
Change. A material adverse change occurs in Borrower s financial condition. or Lender believes the prospect of payment or performance
of the Loan is impaired. 

Insecurity.
Lender in good faith believes itself insecure. 

Right
to Cure. If any default, other than a default on Indebtedness, is curable and if Borrower or Granter. as the case may be. has not been
given a notice of a similar default within the preceding twelve (12) months, it may be cured if Borrower or Granter, as the case may
be, after Lender sends written notice to Borrower or Grantor, as the case may be, demanding cure of such default: (1) cure the default
within fifteen (15) days; or (2) if the cure requires more than fifteen (15) days, immediately initiate steps which Lender deems in Lender s
sole discretion to be sufficient to cure the default and thereafter continue and complete all reasonable and necessary steps sufficient
to produce compliance as soon as reasonably practical. 

EFFECT
OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT. If any Event of Default shall occur, except where otherwise provided in this Agreement or the Related Documents,
all commitments and obligations of Lender under this Agreement or the Related Documents or any other agreement immediately will terminate
(inducting any obligation to make further Loan Advances or disbursements), and, at Lender s option, all Indebtedness immediately will
become due and payable. all without notice of any kind to Borrower, except that in the case of an Event of Default of the type described
in the Insolvency subsection above, such acceleration shall be automatic and not optional. In addition. Lender shall have
all the rights and remedies provided in the Related Documents or available at law, in equity, or otherwise. Except as may be prohibited
by applicable law, an of Lender s rights and remedies shall be cumulative and may be exercised singularly or concurrently. Election by
Lender to pursue any remedy shall not exclude pursuit of any other remedy, and an election to make expenditures or to take action to
perform an obligation of Borrower or of any Granter shall not affect Lender s right to declare a default and to exercise its rights and
remedies. 

COUNTERPART
SIGNATURES. THIS DOCUMENT MAY BE SIGNED IN ANY NUMBER OF COUNTERPARTS ALL OF WHICH COMBINED SHALL BE CONSIDERED ONE AND THE SAME DOCUMENT. 

CROSS
COLLATERAL PROVISION. ALL COLLATERAL NOW OR HEREAFTER SUBJECT TO A SECURITY INTEREST OR LIEN OF LENDER PURSUANT TO ANY OR ALL
OF THE SECURITY AGREEMENTS BETWEEN BORROWER, AND LENDER SHALL SECURE ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS. AND ANY PROCEEDS OF ANY COLLATERAL MAY
BE APPLIED TO ANY OF THE OBLIGATIONS AS LENDER MAY SEE FIT, SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW. 

BUSINESS
 LOAN AGREEMENT 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 5 

IN
ADDITION TO AND NOT IN SUBSTITUTION FOR ANY PROVISION IN ANY OF THE SECURITY AGREEMENTS EVIDENCING OBLIGATIONS. IT IS AGREED THAT ANY
DEFAULT OR BREACH BY BORROWER, IN PAYMENT OR DEFAULT UNDER ANY AGREEMENT EVIDENCING AN OBLIGATION SHALL. AT THE OPTION OF LENDER, CONSTITUTE
A DEFAULT UNDER EACH AND ALL LOAN DOCUMENTS EXECUTED BY THE BORROWER. IN FAVOR OF THE LENDER. 

INTEREST
RESERVE. A BANK CONTROLLED PAYMENT RESERVE (DOA 2189003) HAS BEEN SET UP TO HOUSE A 12 MONTH PAYMENT RESERVE. ANY DRAW REQUESTS WILL
BE AT THE SOLE DISCRETION OF THE BANK . 

MISCELLANEOUS
PROVISIONS. The following miscellaneous provisions are a part of this Agreement: 

Amendments.
This Agreement, together with any Related Documents, constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of the parties as to the matters
set forth in this Agreement. No alteration of or amendment to this Agreement shall be effective unless given in writing and signed by
the party or parties sought to be charged or bound by the alteration or amendment. 

Attorneys 
Fees; Expenses. Borrower agrees to pay upon demand all of Lender s costs and expenses, including Lender s reasonable attorneys fees
and Lender s legal expenses, incurred in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement Lender may hire or pay someone else to help
enforce this Agreement, and Borrower shall pay the costs and expenses of such enforcement. Costs and expenses include Lender s reasonable
attorneys fees and legal expenses whether or not there is a lawsuit, including reasonable attorneys fees and legal expenses for bankruptcy
proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay or injunction), appeals, and any anticipated post-judgment collection
services. Borrower also shall pay all court costs and such additional fees as may be directed by Hie court. 

Caption
Headings. Caption headings in this Agreement are for convenience purposes only and are not to be used to interpret or define the provisions
of this Agreement. 

Consent
to Loan Participation. Borrower agrees and consents to Lender s sale or transfer, whether now or later, of one or more participation
interests in the Loan to one or more purchasers. whether related or unrelated to Lender. Lender may provide, without any limitation whatsoever,
to any one or more purchasers. or potential purchasers, any information or knowledge Lender may have about Borrower or about any other
matter relating to the Loan, and Borrower hereby waives any rights to privacy Borrower may have with respect to such matters. Borrower
additionally waives any and all notices of sale of participation interests, as well as all notices of any repurchase of such participation
interests. Borrower also agrees that the purchasers of any such participation interests will be considered as the absolute owners of
such interests in the Loan and will have all the rights granted under the participation agreement or agreements governing the sale of
such participation interests. Borrower further waives all rights of offset or counterclaim that it may have now or later against Lender
or against any purchaser of such a participation interest and unconditionally agrees that either Lender or such purchaser may enforce
Borrower s obligation under the Loan irrespective of the failure or insolvency of any holder of any interest in the Loan. Borrower further
agrees that the purchaser of any such participation interests may enforce its interests irrespective of any personal claims or defenses
that Borrower may have against Lender. 

Governing
Law. This Agreement will be governed by federal law applicable to Lender and, to the extent not preempted by federal law, the laws of
the State of Minnesota without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. This Agreement has been accepted by Lender in the State of
Minnesota. 

No
Waiver by Lender. Lender shall not be deemed to have waived any rights under this Agreement unless such waiver is given in writing and
signed by Lender. No delay or omission on the part of Lender in exercising any right shall operate as a waiver of such right or any other
right. A waiver by Lender of a provision of this Agreement shall not prejudice or constitute a waiver of Lender s right otherwise to
demand strict compliance with that provision or any other provision of this Agreement. No prior waiver by Lender. nor any course of dealing
between Lender and Borrower, or between Lender and any Grantor, shall constitute a waiver of any of Lender s rights or of any
of Borrower s or any Grantor s obligations as to any future transactions. Whenever the consent of Lender is required under this Agreement.
the granting of such consent by Lender in any instance shall not constitute continuing consent to subsequent instances where such consent
is required and in all cases such consent may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of Lender. 

Notices.
Any notice required to be given under this Agreement shall be given in writing, and shall be effective when actually delivered. when
actually received by telefacsimile (unless otherwise required by law), when deposited with a nationally recognized overnight courier.
or, if mailed. when deposited in the United States mail, as first class, certified or registered mail postage prepaid, directed to the
addresses shown near the beginning of this Agreement. Any party may change its address for notices under this Agreement by giving formal
written notice to the other parties, specifying that the purpose of the notice is to change the party s address. For notice purposes.
Borrower agrees to keep Lender informed at all times of Borrower s current address. Unless otherwise provided or required by law, if
there is more than one Borrower. any notice given by Lender to any Borrower is deemed to be notice given to all Borrowers. 

Severability.
If a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this Agreement to be illegal. invalid. or unenforceable as to any circumstance,
that finding shall not make the offending provision illegal. invalid, or unenforceable as to any other circumstance. If feasible. the
offending provision shalt be considered modified so that it becomes legal, valid and enforceable. If the offending provision cannot be
so modified. it shall be considered deleted from this Agreement Unless otherwise required by law, the illegality, invalidity. or
unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any other provision
of this Agreement. 

Subsidiaries
and Affiliates of Borrower. To the extent the context of any provisions of this Agreement makes it appropriate, including without limitation
any representation, warranty or covenant, the word Borrower as used in this Agreement shall include all of Borrower s subsidiaries
and affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing however, under no circumstances shall this Agreement be construed to require Lender to
make any Loan or other financial accommodation to any of Borrower s subsidiaries or affiliates. 

Successors
and Assigns. All covenants and agreements by or on behalf of Borrower contained in this Agreement or any Related Documents shall bind
Borrower s successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of Lender and its successors and assigns. Borrower shall not. however,
have the right to assign Borrower s rights under this Agreement or any interest therein, without the prior written consent of Lender. 

Survival
of Representations and Warranties. Borrower understands and agrees that in making the Loan, Lender is relying on all representations,
warranties, and covenants made by Borrower in this Agreement or in any certificate or other instrument delivered by Borrower to Lender
under this Agreement or the Related Documents. Borrower further agrees that regardless of any investigation made by Lender, and such representations,
warranties and covenants will survive the making of the Loan and delivery to Lender of the Related Documents. shall be continuing in
nature, and shall remain in full force and effect until such time as Borrower s Indebtedness shall be paid in full. or until this Agreement
shall be terminated in the manner provided above, whichever is the last to occur. 

Statutory
Rights Not Waived. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Borrower does not waive or agree to forego any of Borrower s
statutory rights unless the waiver of such a right is expressly authorized by law. 

Time
is of the Essence. Time is of the essence in the performance of this Agreement. 

BUSINESS
 LOAN AGREEMENT 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 6 

Waive
Jury. All parties to this Agreement hereby waive the right to any jury trial in any action, proceeding, or counterclaim brought by any
party against any other party. 

DEFINITIONS.
The following capitalized words and terms shall have the following meanings when used in this Agreement. Unless specifically stated to
the contrary. all references to dollar amounts shall mean amounts in lawful money of the United States of America. Words and terms used
In the singular shall include the plural, and the plural shall include the singular, as the context may require. Words and terms not
otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings attributed to such terms in the Uniform Commercial Code. Accounting words
and terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to them in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles as in effect on the date of this Agreement: 

Advance.
The word Advance means a disbursement of Loan funds made, or to be made, to Borrower or on Borrower s behalf on a line of
credit or multiple advance basis under the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

Agreement.
The word Agreement means this Business Loan Agreement, as this Business Loan Agreement may be amended or modified from time
to time, together with all exhibits and schedules attached to this Business Loan Agreement from time to time. 

Borrower.
The word Borrower means LEANDER ASSOCIATES, LTD. and includes all co-signers and co-makers signing the Note and all their
successors and assigns. 

Collateral.
The word Collateral means all property and assets granted as collateral security for a Loan, whether real or personal property,
whether granted directly or indirectly, whether granted now or in the future, and whether granted in the form of a security interest,
mortgage, collateral mortgage, deed of trust, assignment, pledge, crop pledge, chattel mortgage, collateral chattel mortgage, chattel
trust, factor s lien, equipment trust, conditional sale, trust receipt, lien, charge, lien or title retention contract, lease or consignment
intended as a security device, or any other security or lien interest whatsoever, whether created by law, contract, or otherwise. 

Environmental
Laws. The words Environmental Laws mean any and all state, federal and local statutes, regulations and ordinances relating
to the protection of human health or the environment, including without limitation the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation.
and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601, et seq. CERCLA ), the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization
Act of 1986, Pub. L. No. 99-499 SARA ), the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. Section 1801, et seq., the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. 42 U.S.C. Section 6901, et seq., or other applicable state or federal laws, rules. or regulations
adopted pursuant thereto. 

Event
of Default. The words Event of Default mean any of the events of default set forth in this Agreement in the default section
of this Agreement. 

GAAP.
The word GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles. 

Grantor.
The word Granter means each and all of the persons or entities granting a Security Interest in any Collateral for the Loan,
including without limitation all Borrowers granting such a Security Interest. 

Guarantor.
The word Guarantor means any guarantor, surety, or accommodation party of any or all of the Loan. 

Guaranty.
The word Guaranty means the guaranty from Guarantor to Lender, including without limitation a guaranty of all or part of
the Note 

Hazardous
Substances. The words Hazardous Substances mean materials that, because of their quantity, concentration or physical, chemical
or infectious characteristics, may cause or pose a present or potential hazard to human health or the environment when improperly used,
treated, stored, disposed of, generated, manufactured, transported or otherwise handled. The words Hazardous Substances are
used in their very broadest sense and include without limitation any and all hazardous or toxic substances, materials or waste as defined
by or listed under the Environmental Laws. The term Hazardous Substances also includes. without limitation, petroleum and
petroleum by-products or any fraction thereof and asbestos. 

Indebtedness.
The word Indebtedness means the indebtedness evidenced by the Note or Related Documents, including all principal and interest
together with all other indebtedness and costs and expenses for which Borrower is responsible under this Agreement or under any of the
Related Documents. 

Lender.
The word Lender means STEARNS BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, its successors and assigns. 

Loan.
The word Loan means any and all loans and financial accommodations from Lender to Borrower whether now or hereafter existing.
and however evidenced, including without limitation those loans and financial accommodations described herein or described on any exhibit
or schedule attached to this Agreement from time to time. 

Note.
The word Note means Promissory Note from Borrower to Lender in the original principal amount of 805,000.00 dated FEBRUARY
11, 2022, together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications of. refinancings of, consolidations of, and substitutions for the
note or credit agreement. 

Permitted
Liens. The words Permitted Liens mean (1) liens and security interests securing Indebtedness owed by Borrower to Lender:
(2) liens for taxes, assessments, or similar charges either not yet due or being contested in good faith; (3) liens of materialmen, mechanics,
warehousemen, or carriers, or other like liens arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations which are not yet
delinquent: (4) purchase money liens or purchase money security interests upon or in any property acquired or held by Borrower in the
ordinary course of business to secure indebtedness outstanding on the date of this Agreement or permitted to be incurred under the paragraph
of this Agreement titled Indebtedness and Liens (5) liens and security interests which, as of the date of this Agreement,
have been disclosed to and approved by the Lender in writing; and (6) those liens and security interests which in the aggregate constitute;:n
immaterial and insignificant monetary amount with respect to the net value of Borrower s assets. 

Related
Documents. The words Related Documents mean all promissory notes, credit agreements, loan agreements, environmental agreements,
guaranties, security agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, security deeds, collateral mortgages, and all other instruments, agreements
and documents, whether now or hereafter existing, executed in connection with the Loan. 

Security
Agreement. The words Security Agreement mean and include without limitation any agreements, promises, covenants. arrangements,
understandings or other agreements, whether created by law, contract, or otherwise, evidencing. governing, representing, or creating
a Security Interest. 

Security
Interest. The words Security Interest mean, without limitation, any and all types of collateral security, present and future,
whether m the form of a lien, charge, encumbrance, mortgage, deed of trust, security deed, assignment. pledge, crop pledge. chattel mortgage,
collateral chattel mortgage, chattel trust, factor s lien, equipment trust, conditional sale, trust receipt, lien or title retention
contract. lease or consignment intended as a security device, or any other security or lien interest whatsoever whether created by law,
contract. or otherwise. 

BUSINESS
 LOAN AGREEMENT 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 7 

BORROWER
ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT AND BORROWER AGREES TO ITS TERMS. THIS BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT
IS DATED FEBRUARY 10, 2022. 

BORROWER: 

LEANDER
 ASSOCIATES, LTD. 

By: 

By: 

James
 T. Walesa, Authorized Officer of Leander Associates, LTD 

BJ
 Parrish, Authorized Officer of Leander Associates, LTD 

LENDER: 

STEARNS
 BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

By 

Authorized
 Signer 

PROMISSORY
NOTE 

Principal 
 805,000.00 
 Loan
 Date 
 02-10-2022 
 Maturity 
 02-10-2023 
 Loan
 No 
 70021721 
 Call/
 Coll 
 06/420 
 Account 
 172240 
 Officer 
 807 
 Initials 
 
 References
 in the boxes above are for Lender s use only and do not limit the applicability of this document to any particular loan or item.
 Any item above containing has been omitted due to text length limitations. 

Borrower: 
 LEANDER
 ASSOCIATES, LTD. 
 
 Lender: 
 STEARNS
 BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

8800
 VILLAGE DR, STE 106 
 SAN
 ANTONIO, TX 78217 

ST
 CLOUD OFRCE 
 41912NDSTS 
 ST.
 CLOUD, MN 56301 

Principal
 Amount: 805,000.00 
 Date
 of Note: February 10, 2022 

PROMISE
TO PAY. LEANDER ASSOCIATES, LTD. Borrower promises to pay to STEARNS BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION Lender ), or
order, in lawful money of the United States of America, the principal amount of Eight Hundred Five Thousand 00/100 Dollars 805,000.00),
together with interest on the unpaid principal balance from February 10, 2022, until paid in full. 

PAYMENT.
Borrower will pay this loan in one principal payment of 805,000.00 plus interest on February 10, 2023. This payment due on February
10, 2023, will be for all principal and all accrued Interest not yet paid. In addition, Borrower will pay regular monthly payments of
all accrued unpaid interest due as of each payment date, beginning March 10, 2022, with all subsequent interest payments to be due on
the same day of each month after that. Unless otherwise agreed or required by applicable law, payments will be applied first to any accrued
unpaid interest; then to principal; and then to any unpaid collection costs. Borrower will pay Lender at Lender s address shown above
or at such other place as Lender may designate in writing. 

INTEREST
RATE. The interest rate may change under the terms and conditions of the INTEREST AFTER DEFAULT section or the
 INTEREST AFTER CERTAIN DEFAULTS section. 

VARIABLE
INTEREST RATE. The interest rate on this Note is subject to change from time to time based on changes in an independent index which is
the WALL STREET JOURNAL PRIME RATE (the Index ). The Index is not necessarily the lowest rate charged by Lender on its loans.
Lender will tell Borrower the current Index rate upon Borrower s request. The interest rate change will not occur more often than each
DAY. Borrower understands that Lender may make loans based on other rates as well. The Index currently is 3.250 per annum. Interest
on the unpaid principal balance of this Note will be calculated as described in the INTEREST CALCULATION METHOD paragraph
using a rate of 2.500 percentage points over the Index (the Margin ), adjusted if necessary for any minimum and maximum rate
limitations described below, resulting m ;:in initial rate of 7.000 per annum based on a year of 360 days. If Lender determines, in
its sole discretion, that the Index has become unavailable or unreliable, either temporarily, indefinitely, or permanently, during the
term of this Note, Lender may amend this Note by designating a substantially similar substitute index. Lender may also amend and adjust
the Margin to accompany the substitute index. The change to the Margin may be a positive or negative value, or zero. In making these
amendments, Lender may take into consideration any then-prevailing market convention for selecting a substitute index and margin for the
specific Index that is unavailable or unreliable. Such an amendment to the terms of this Note will become effective and bind Borrower
10 business days after Lender gives written notice to Borrower without any action or consent of the Borrower. NOTICE: Under no circumstances
will the interest rate on this Note be less than 7.000 per annum or more than the maximum rate allowed by applicable law. 

INTEREST
CALCULATION METHOD. Interest on this Note is computed on a 365/360 basis; that is, by applying the ratio of the interest rate over a
year of 360 days, multiplied by the outstanding principal balance, multiplied by the actual number of days the principal balance is outstanding.
All interest payable under this Note Is computed using this method. 

STATEMENT
OF PURPOSE. 

THE
PRIMARY PURPOSE OF THIS LOAN IS FOR: 

Maintenance
 of Borrower s Primary Residence. 

Personal,
 Family, or Household Purposes or Personal Investment. Agricultural Purposes. 

_x_ 
 Business
 Purposes. 

THE
SPECIFIC PURPOSE OF THIS LOAN IS: TO REFINANCE DEBT. 

PREPAYMENT.
Borrower may pay without penalty all or a portion of the amount owed earlier than it is due. Early payments will not, unless agreed to
by Lender in writing, relieve Borrower of Borrower s obligation to continue to make payments under the payment schedule. Rather, early
payments will reduce the principal balance due. Borrower agrees not to send Lender payments marked paid in full , without
recourse , or similar language. If Borrower sends such a payment. Lender may accept it without losing any of Lender s rights under
this Note, and Borrower will remain obligated to pay any further amount owed to Lender. All written communications concerning disputed
amounts, including any check or other payment instrument that indicates that the payment constitutes payment in full of the
amount owed or that is tendered with other conditions or limitations or as full satisfaction of a disputed amount must be mailed or delivered
to: STEARNS BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION. 4191 SO 2ND ST, ST. CLOUD, MN 56302-7338. 

INTEREST
AFTER CERTAIN DEFAULTS. At the election of Lender and in lieu of an increase in the amount of interest that may be charged in the 

INTEREST
AFTER DEFAULT section of this Note, upon a default and/or failure to comply with the required or requested reporting or delivery of financials
or other documents by Borrower or any guarantors or their affiliates, or failure to perform any of the obligations set forth in the paragraph
entitled AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS in the Business Loan Agreement executed by Borrower of even date herewith or delivery of any financial
statements. tax returns, or other financial reports or information required under any other agreement between Borrower or any guarantor
and Lender or requested by Lender, the interest rate on this Note shall increase by 10.000 percentage points. However, in no event will
the interest rate exceed the maximum interest rate limitations under applicable law. 

INTEREST
AFTER DEFAULT. Upon default, including failure to pay upon final maturity, the interest rate on this Note shall be increased by adding
an additional 5.000 percentage point margin Default Rate Margin ). The Default Rate Margin shall also apply to each succeeding
interest rate change that would have applied had there been no default. However. in no event will the interest rate exceed the maximum
interest rate limitations under applicable law. 

DEFAULT.
Each of the following shall constitute an event of default Event of Default under this Note: 

Payment
Default. Borrower fails to make any payment when due under this Note. 

Other
Defaults. Borrower fails to comply with or to perform any other term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this Note or in
any of the related documents or to comply with or to perform any term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in any other agreement
between Lender and Borrower. 

PROMISSORY
 NOTE 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 2 

Default
in Favor of Third Parties. Borrower or any Grantor defaults under any loan, extension of credit, security agreement, purchase or sales
agreement, or any other agreement, in favor of any other creditor or person that may materially affect any of Borrower s property or
Borrower s ability to repay this Note or perform Borrower s obligations under this Note or any of the related documents. 

Environmental
Default. Failure of any party to comply with or perform when due any term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in any environmental
agreement executed in connection with any loan. 

False
Statements. Any warranty, representation or statement made or furnished to Lender by Borrower or on Borrower s behalf under this Note
or the related documents is false or misleading in any material respect, either now or at the time made or furnished or becomes false
or misleading at any time thereafter. 

Death
or Insolvency. The dissolution of Borrower (regardless of whether election to continue is made), any member withdraws from Borrower.
or any other termination of Borrower s existence as a going business or the death of any member, the insolvency of Borrower, the appointment
of a receiver for any part of Borrower s property, any assignment for the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor workout, or the
commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws by or against Borrower. 

Creditor
or Forfeiture Proceedings. Commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings, whether by judicial proceeding, self-help, repossession
or any other method, by any creditor of Borrower or by any governmental agency against any collateral securing the loan. This includes
a garnishment of any of Borrower s accounts, including deposit accounts, with Lender. However. this Event of Default shall not apply
if there is a good faith dispute by Borrower as to the validity or reasonableness of the claim which is the basis of the creditor or
forfeiture proceeding and if Borrower gives Lender written notice of the creditor or forfeiture proceeding and deposits with Lender monies
or a surety bond for the creditor or forfeiture proceeding, in an amount determined by Lender, in its sole discretion, as being an adequate
reserve or bond for the dispute. 

Events
Affecting Guarantor. Any of the preceding events occurs with respect to any Guarantor of any of the indebtedness or any Guarantor dies
or becomes incompetent, or revokes or disputes the validity of, or liability under, any guaranty of the indebtedness evidenced by this
Note. 

Adverse
Change. A material adverse change occurs in Borrower s financial condition, or Lender believes the prospect of payment or performance
of this Note is impaired. 

Insecurity.
Lender in good faith believes itself insecure. 

Cure
Provisions. If any default, other than a default in payment, is curable and if Borrower has not been given a notice of a breach of the
same provision of this Note within the preceding twelve (12) months, it may be cured if Borrower. after Lender sends written notice to
Borrower demanding cure of such default: (1) cures the default within fifteen (15) days; or (2) if the cure requires more than fifteen
(15) days. immediately initiates steps which Lender deems in Lender s sole discretion to be sufficient to cure the default and thereafter
continues and completes all reasonable and necessary steps sufficient to produce compliance as soon as reasonably practical. 

LENDER S
RIGHTS. Upon default, Lender may declare the entire unpaid principal balance under this Note and all accrued unpaid interest immediately
due. and then Borrower will pay that amount. 

ATTORNEYS 
FEES; EXPENSES. Lender may hire or pay someone else to help collect this Note if Borrower does not pay. Borrower will pay Lender that
amount. This includes, subject to any limits under applicable law, Lender s reasonable attorneys fees and Lender s legal expenses, whether
or not there is a lawsuit, including reasonable attorneys fees, expenses for bankruptcy proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate
any automatic stay or injunction), and appeals. If not prohibited by applicable law, Borrower also will pay any court costs, in addition
to 8.11 other sums provided by law. 

JURY
WAIVER. Lender and Borrower hereby waive the right to any jury trial in any action, proceeding, or counterclaim brought by either Lender
or Borrower against the other. 

GOVERNING
LAW. This Note will be governed by federal law applicable to Lender and, to the extent not preempted by federal law, the laws of the
State of Minnesota without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. This Note has been accepted by Lender in the State of Minnesota. 

RIGHT
OF SETOFF. To the extent permitted by applicable law. Lender reserves a right of setoff in all Borrower s accounts with Lender (whet
1er checking. savings. or some other account). This includes all accounts Borrower holds jointly with someone else and all accounts Borrower
may open in the future. However, this does not include any IRA or Keogh accounts, or any trust accounts for which setoff would be prohibited
by law. Borrower authorizes Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to charge or setoff all sums owing on the indebtedness
against any and all such accounts. and, at Lender s option. to administratively freeze all such accounts to allow Lender to protect Lender s
charge and setoff rights provided in this paragraph. 

COLLATERAL.
Borrower acknowledges this Note is secured by COLLATERAL AS DESCRIBED IN THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENTS: THAT CERTAIN DEED OF TRUST, ASSIGNMENT
OF RENTS AND COMMERCIAL SECURITY AGREEMENT DATED FEBRUARY 11. 2022. 

ELECTRONIC
IMAGING . BORROWER AGREES THAT ELECTRONICALLY REPRODUCED COPIES OF THE ORIGINAL PROMISSORY NOTE ANO ALL ACCOMPANYING LOAN DOCUMENTS
WILL BE TREATED AS ORIGINALS AND WILL BE ADMISSIBLE AS EVIDENCE TO THIS AGREEMENT. BORROWER AGREES NOT TO CHALLENGE THE AUTHENTICITY
OF THE ELECTRONICALLY REPRODUCED COPIES. 

COUNTERPART
SIGNATURES. THIS DOCUMENT MAY BE SIGNED IN ANY NUMBER OF COUNTERPARTS ALL OF WHICH COMBINED SHALL BE CONSIDERED ONE AND THE SAME DOCUMENT. 

CROSS
COLLATERAL PROVISION. ALL COLLATERAL NOW OR HEREAFTER SUBJECT TO A SECURITY INTEREST OR LIEN OF LENDER PURSUANT TO ANY OR ALL
OF THE SECURITY AGREEMENTS BETWEEN BORROWER, AND LENDER SHALL SECURE ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS. AND ANY PROCEEDS OF ANY COLLATERAL MAY
BE APPLIED TO ANY OF THE OBLIGATIONS AS LENDER MAY SEE FIT. SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW. 

IN
ADDITION TO AND NOT IN SUBSTITUTION FOR ANY PROVISION IN ANY OF THE SECURITY AGREEMENTS EVIDENCING OBLIGATIONS. IT IS AGREED THAT ANY
DEFAULT OR BREACH BY BORROWER, IN PAYMENT OR DEFAULT UNDER ANY AGREEMENT EVIDENCING AN OBLIGATION SHALL, AT THE OPTION OF LENDER, CONSTITUTE
A DEFAULT UNDER EACH AND ALL LOAN DOCUMENTS EXECUTED BY THE BORROWER. IN FAVOR OF THE LENDER. 

LATE
CHARGE. SHOULD BORROWER FAIL TO PAY ANY PAYMENT REQUIRED DURING THE TERM OF THIS LOAN, OR TO PAY THE INDEBTEDNESS UPON THE MATURITY,
OR UPON ACCELERATION OF THIS LOAN, AND SHOULD ANY SUCH AMOUNT REMAIN UNPAID FOR A PERIOD OF TEN (10) DAYS FOLLOWING ITS DUE DATE, THEN
BORROWER AGREES AND COVENANTS TO PAY TO LENDER A LATE CHARGE IN THE AMOUNT OF FIVE PERCENT (5 OF ANY SUCH AMOUNT, INCLUDING THE AMOUNT
DUE AND PAYABLE AT MATURITY OR ACCELERATION. 

PROMISSORY
 NOTE 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 3 

INTEREST
RESERVE. A BANK CONTROLLED PAYMENT RESERVE (DOA 2189003) HAS BEEN SET UP TO HOUSE A 12 MONTH PAYMENT RESERVE. ANY DRAW REQUESTS WILL
BE AT THE SOLE DISCRETION OF THE BANK. 

SUCCESSOR
INTERESTS. The terms of this Note shall be binding upon Borrower, and upon Borrower s heirs, personal representatives. successors and
assigns. and shall inure to the benefit of Lender and its successors and assigns. 

GENERAL
 PROVISIONS. If any part of this Note cannot be enforced, this fact will not affect the rest of the Note. Lender may delay or forgo
enforcing any of its rights or remedies under this Note without losing them. In addition, Lender shall have all the rights and remedies
provided in the related documents or available at law. in equity, or otherwise. Except as may be prohibited by applicable law, all of
Lender s rights and remedies shall be cumulative and may be exercised singularly or concurrently. Election by Lender to pursue any remedy
shall not exclude pursuit of any other remedy. and an election lo make expenditures or to take action to perform an obligation of Borrower
shall not affect Lender s right to declare a default and to exercise its rights and remedies. Borrower and any other person who signs.
guarantees or endorses this Note. to the extent allowed by law. waive presentment. demand for payment. and notice of dishonor. Upon any
change In the terms of this Note. and unless otherwise expressly stated in writing, no party who signs this Note. whether as maker. guarantor.
accommodation maker or endorser, shall be released from liability. All such parties agree that Lender may renew or extend (repeatedly
and for any length of lime) this loan or release any party or guarantor or collateral; or impair. fail to realize upon or perfect Lender s
security interest in the collateral: and take any other action deemed necessary by Lender without the consent of or notice to anyone.
All such parties also agree that Lender may modify this loan without the consent of or notice to anyone other than the party with whom
the modification is made. The obligations under this Note are joint and several. 

SECTION
DISCLOSURE. To the extent not preempted by federal law, this loan is made under Minnesota Statutes, Section 47.59. 

PRIOR
TO SIGNING THIS NOTE. BORROWER READ AND UNDERSTOOD ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS NOTE, INCLUDING THE VARIABLE INTEREST RATE PROVISIONS.
BORROWER AGREES TO THE TERMS OF THE NOTE. 

BORROWER
ACKNOWLEDGES RECEIPT OF A COMPLETED COPY OF THIS PROMISSORY NOTE. 

BORROWER: 

LEANDER
 ASSOCIATES, LTD. 

By: 

By: 

James
 T. Walesa, Authorized Officer of Leander Associates, LTD 

BJ
 Parrish, Authorized Officer of Leander Associates, LTD 

COMMERCIAL
GUARANTY 

Borrower: 
 LEANDER
 ASSOCIATES, LTD. 
 
 Lender: 
 STEARNS
 BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

8800
 VILLAGE DR, STE 106 
 SAN
 ANTONIO, TX 78217 

ST
 CLOUD OFFICE 
 4191
 2ND ST S 

ST.
 CLOUD, MN 56301 

Guarantor: 
 JAMES
 T WALESA 

2150
 W MAGNOLIA AVE 
 SAN
 ANTONIO, TX 78201 

CONTINUING
GUARANTEE OF PAYMENT AND PERFORMANCE. For good and valuable consideration, Guarantor absolutely and unconditionally guarantees full and
punctual payment and satisfaction of the Indebtedness of Borrower to Lender. and the performance and discharge of all Borrower s obligations
under the Note and the Related Documents. This is a guaranty of payment and performance and not of collection. so Lender can enforce
this Guaranty against Guarantor even when Lender has not exhausted Lender s remedies against anyone else obligated to pay the Indebtedness
or against any collateral securing the Indebtedness, this Guaranty or any other guaranty of the Indebtedness. Guarantor will make any
payments to Lender or its order, on demand, in legal tender of the United States of America, in same-day funds, without set-off or deduction
or counterclaim, and will otherwise perform Borrower s obligations under the Note and Related Documents. Under this Guaranty, Guarantor s
liability is unlimited and Guarantor s obligations are continuing. 

INDEBTEDNESS.
The word Indebtedness as used in this Guaranty means all of the principal amount outstanding from time to time and at any
one or more times, accrued unpaid interest thereon and all collection costs and legal expenses related thereto permitted by law, Lender s
reasonable attorneys fees, arising from any and all debts, liabilities and obligations of every nature or form, now existing or hereafter
arising or acquired, that Borrower individually or collectively or interchangeably with others, owes or will owe Lender. Indebtedness 
includes. without limitation. loans, advances, debts, overdraft indebtedness, credit card indebtedness, lease obligations, liabilities
and obligations under any interest rate protection agreements or foreign currency exchange agreements or commodity price protection agreements.
other obligations, and liabilities of Borrower, and any present or future judgments against Borrower. future advances. loans or transactions
that renew. extend. modify. refinance. consolidate or substitute these debts, liabilities and obligations whether: voluntarily or involuntarily
incurred; due or to become due by their terms or acceleration; absolute or contingent; liquidated or unliquidated; determined or undetermined;
direct or indirect: primary or secondary in nature or arising from a guaranty or surety; secured or unsecured; joint or several or joint
and several; evidenced by a negotiable or non-negotiable instrument or writing; originated by Lender or another or others: barred or
unenforceable against Borrower for any reason whatsoever; for any transactions that may be voidable for any reason (such as infancy,
insanity, ultra Vires or otherwise); and originated then reduced or extinguished and then afterwards increased or reinstated. 

If
Lender presently holds one or more guaranties, or hereafter receives additional guaranties from Guarantor, Lender s rights under all
guaranties shall be cumulative. This Guaranty shall not (unless specifically provided below to the contrary) affect or invalidate any
such other guaranties. Guarantor s liability will be Guarantor s aggregate liability under the terms of this Guaranty and any such other
unterminated guaranties. 

CONTINUING
GUARANTY . THIS IS A CONTINUING GUARANTY UNDER WHICH GUARANTOR AGREES TO GUARANTEE THE FULL ANO PUNCTUAL PAYMENT, PERFORMANCE
AND SATISFACTION OF THE INDEBTEDNESS OF BORROWER TO LENDER, NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING OR ACQUIRED, ON AN OPEN AND CONTINUING
BASIS. ACCORDINGLY, ANY PAYMENTS MADE ON THE INDEBTEDNESS WILL NOT DISCHARGE OR DIMINISH GUARANTOR S OBLIGATIONS AND LIABILITY UNDER
THIS GUARANTY FOR ANY REMAINING AND SUCCEEDING INDEBTEDNESS EVEN WHEN ALL OR PART OF THE OUTSTANDING INDEBTEDNESS MAY BE A ZERO BALANCE
FROM TIME TO TIME. 

DURATION
OF GUARANTY. This Guaranty will take effect when received by Lender without the necessity of any acceptance by Lender, or any notice
to Guarantor or to Borrower, and will continue in full force until all the Indebtedness incurred or contracted before receipt by Lender
of any notice of revocation shall have been fully and finally paid and satisfied and all of Guarantor s other obligations under this
Guaranty shall have been performed in full. If Guarantor elects to revoke this Guaranty, Guarantor may only do so in writing. Guarantor s
written notice of revocation must be mailed to Lender, by certified mail, at Lender s address listed above or such other place as Lender
may designate in writing. Written revocation of this Guaranty will apply only to new Indebtedness created after actual receipt by Lender
of Guarantor s written revocation and Lender s written acknowledgment of receipt. For this purpose and without limitation, the term new
Indebtedness does not include the Indebtedness which at the time of notice of revocation is contingent, unliquidated, undetermined
or not due and which later becomes absolute, liquidated. determined or due. For this purpose and without limitation, new Indebtedness 
does not include all or part of the Indebtedness that 1s: incurred by Borrower prior to revocation; incurred under a commitment that
became binding before revocation; any renewals. extensions, substitutions. and modifications of the Indebtedness. This Guaranty shall
bind Guarantor s estate as to the Indebtedness created both before and after Guarantor s death or incapacity, regardless of Lender s
actual notice of Guarantor s death. Subject to the foregoing. Guarantor s executor or administrator or other legal representative may
terminate this Guaranty in the same manner in which Guarantor might have terminated it and with the same effect. Release of any other
guarantor or termination of any other guaranty of the Indebtedness shall not affect the liability of Guarantor under this Guaranty. A
revocation Lender receives from any one or more Guarantors shall not affect the liability of any remaining Guarantors under this Guaranty.
It is anticipated that fluctuations may occur in the aggregate amount of the Indebtedness covered by this Guaranty, and Guarantor specifically
acknowledges and agrees that reductions In the amount of the Indebtedness, even to zero dollars 0.00), shall not constitute a termination
of this Guaranty. This Guaranty is binding upon Guarantor and Guarantor s heirs, successors and assigns so long as any of the Indebtedness
remains unpaid and even though the Indebtedness may from time to time be zero dollars 0.00). 

GUARANTOR S
AUTHORIZATION TO LENDER. Guarantor authorizes Lender. either before or after any revocation hereof, without notice or demand and without
lessening or otherwise affecting Guarantor s liability under this Guaranty, from time to time: (A) prior to revocation as set forth above,
to make one or more additional secured or unsecured loans to Borrower, to lease equipment or other goods to Borrower. or otherwise to
extend additional credit to Borrower; (B} to alter, compromise, renew, extend, accelerate, or otherwise change one or more times the
time for payment or other terms of the Indebtedness or any part of the Indebtedness, including increases and decreases of the rate of
interest on the Indebtedness: extensions may be repeated and may be for longer than the original loan term; (C) to take and hold security
for the payment of this Guaranty or the Indebtedness, and exchange, enforce, waive, subordinate, fail or decide not to perfect, and release
any such security. with or without the substitution of new collateral; (D) to release, substitute, agree not to sue, or deal with any
one or more of Borrower s sureties. endorsers, or other guarantors on any terms or in any manner Lender may choose; (E) to determine
how, when and what application of payments and credits shall be made on the Indebtedness; (F) to apply such security and direct the order
or manner of sale thereof. including without limitation, any nonjudicial sale permitted by the terms of the controlling security agreement
or deed of trust, as Lender 1n its discretion may determine; (G) to sell, transfer. assign or grant participations in all or any part
of the Indebtedness; and (H) to assign or transfer this Guaranty in whole or in part. 

COMMERCIAL
 GUARANTY 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 2 

GUARANTOR S
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Guarantor represents and warrants to Lender that (A) no representations or agreements of any kind have
been made to Guarantor which would limit or qualify in any way the terms of this guaranty; ) this_ Guaranty is executed al Borrower s
request and not at the request of Lender: (C) Guarantor has full power, right and authority to enter into this Guaranty; (D) the provisions
of this Guaranty do not conflict with or result in a default under any agreement or other instrument binding upon Guarantor and do not
result in a violation of any law, regulation, court decree or order applicable to Guarantor; (E) Guarantor has not and will not, without
tt1e prior written consent of Lender, sell, lease, assign, encumber, hypothecate, transfer, or otherwise dispose of all or substantially
all of Guarantor s assets, or any interest therein; (F) upon Lender s request, Guarantor will provide to Lender financial and credit
information in form acceptable to Lender, and all such financial information which currently has been, and all future financial information
which will be provided to Lender is and will be true and correct in all material respects and fairly present Guarantor s financial condition
as of the dates the financial information is provided; (G) no material adverse change has occurred in Guarantor s financial condition
since the date of the most recent financial statements provided to Lender and no event has occurred which may materially adversely affect
Guarantor s financial condition; (H) no litigation, claim investigation, administrative proceeding or similar action (including those
for unpaid taxes) against Guarantor 1s pending or threatened; (I) Lender has made no representation to Guarantor as to the creditworthiness
of Borrower; and (J) Guarantor has established adequate means of obtaining from Borrower on a continuing basis information regarding
Borrower s financial condition. Guarantor agrees to keep adequately informed from such means of any facts, events, or circumstances which
might in any way affect Guarantor s risks under this Guaranty, and Guarantor further agrees that, absent a request for information, Lender
shall have no obligation to disclose to Guarantor any information or documents acquired by Lender in the course of its relationship with
Borrower. 

GUARANTOR S
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Guarantor agrees to furnish Lender with the following: 

Annual
Statements. As soon as available, but in no event later than one-hundred-twenty (120) days after the end of each fiscal year.
Guarantor s balance sheet and income statement for the year ended, prepared by Guarantor. 

Tax
Returns. As soon as available, but in no event later than thirty (30) days after the applicable filing date for the tax reporting period
ended, Guarantor s Federal and other governmental tax returns, prepared by a certified public accountant satisfactory to Lender. 

Additional
Requirements. FINANCIAL REPORTING ITEMS AS NEEDED UPON LENDER REQUEST. 

All financial reports required to be provided under this Guaranty shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP, applied on a consistent basis,
and certified by Guarantor as being true and correct. 

GUARANTOR S
WAIVERS. Except as prohibited by applicable law, Guarantor waives any right to require Lender (A) to continue lending money or to extend
other credit to Borrower; (8} to make any presentment, protest, demand, or notice of any kind, including notice of any nonpayment of
the Indebtedness or of any nonpayment related to any collateral, or notice of any action or nonaction on the part of Borrower. Lender.
any surety, endorser, or other guarantor in connection with the Indebtedness or in connection with the creation of new or additional
loans or obligations: (C) to resort for payment or to proceed directly or at once against any person, including Borrower or any other
guarantor; (D) to proceed directly against or exhaust any collateral held by Lender from Borrower, any other guarantor, or any other
person; (E) to give notice of the terms, time, and place of any public or private sale of personal property security held by Lender from
Borrower or to comply with any other applicable provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code; (F} to pursue any other remedy within Lender s
power; or (G) to commit any act or omission of any kind, or at any time, with respect to any matter whatsoever. 

Guarantor
waives all rights of Guarantor under Chapter 43 of the Texas Civil Practice and Remedies Code. Guarantor also waives any and all rights
or defenses based on suretyship or impairment of collateral including, but not limited to, any rights or defenses arising by reason of
(A) any one action or anti-deficiency law or any other law which may prevent Lender from bringing any action,
including a claim for deficiency, against Guarantor, before or after Lender s commencement or completion of any foreclosure action, either
judicially or by exercise of a power of sale: (B) any election of remedies by Lender which destroys or otherwise adversely affects
Guarantor s subrogation rights or Guarantor s rights to proceed against Borrower for reimbursement, including without limitation, any
loss of rights Guarantor may suffer by reason of any law limiting, qualifying, or discharging the Indebtedness; (C) any disability or
other defense of Borrower, of any other guarantor, or of any other person. or by reason of the cessation of Borrower s liability from
any cause whatsoever, other than payment in full in legal tender, of the Indebtedness; (D) any right to claim discharge of the Indebtedness
on the basis of unjustified impairment of any collateral for the Indebtedness: (E) Any statute of limitations, if at any time any action
or suit brought by Lender against Guarantor is commenced, there is outstanding Indebtedness which is not barred by any applicable statute
of limitations; or (F) any defenses given to guarantors at law or in equity other than actual payment and performance of the Indebtedness.
If payment is made by Borrower, whether voluntarily or otherwise, or by any third party, on the Indebtedness and thereafter Lender is
forced to remit the amount of that payment to Borrower s trustee in bankruptcy or to any similar person under any federal or state bankruptcy
law or law for the relief of debtors, the Indebtedness shall be considered unpaid for the purpose of the enforcement of this Guaranty. 

Guarantor
further waives and agrees not to assert or claim at any time any deductions to the amount guaranteed under this Guaranty for any claim
of setoff. counterclaim. counter demand, recoupment or similar right, whether such claim, demand or right may be asserted by the Borrower.
the Guarantor. or both. 

GUARANTOR S
UNDERSTANDING WITH RESPECT TO WAIVERS. Guarantor warrants and agrees that each of the waivers set forth above is made with Guarantor s
full knowledge of its significance and consequences and that, under the circumstances, the waivers are reasonable and not contrary to
public policy or law. If any such waiver is determined to be contrary to any applicable law or public policy, such waiver shall be effective
only to the extent permitted by law or public policy. 

RIGHT
OF SETOFF. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Lender reserves a right of setoff in all Guarantor s accounts with Lender (whether
checking. savings, or some other account). This includes all accounts Guarantor holds jointly with someone else and all accounts Guarantor
may open in the future. However. this does not include any IRA or Keogh accounts, or any trust accounts for which setoff would be prohibited
by law. Guarantor authorizes Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to hold these funds if there is a default, and Lender
may apply the funds in these accounts to pay what Guarantor owes under the terms of this Guaranty. 

SUBORDINATION
OF BORROWER S DEBTS TO GUARANTOR. Guarantor agrees that the Indebtedness, whether now existing or hereafter created. shall be superior
to any claim that Guarantor may now have or hereafter acquire against Borrower, whether or not Borrower becomes insolvent. Guarantor
hereby expressly subordinates any claim Guarantor may have against Borrower. upon any account whatsoever, to any claim that Lender may
now or hereafter have against Borrower. In the event of insolvency and consequent liquidation of the assets of Borrower. through bankruptcy,
by an assignment for the benefit of creditors, by voluntary liquidation, or otherwise, the assets of Borrower applicable to the payment
of the claims of both Lender and Guarantor shall be paid to Lender and shall be first applied by Lender to the Indebtedness. Guarantor
does hereby assign to Lender all claims which it may have or acquire against Borrower or against any assignee or trustee in bankruptcy
of Borrower; provided however, that such assignment shall be effective only for the purpose of assuring to Lender full payment in legal
tender of the Indebtedness. If Lender so requests, any notes or credit agreements now or hereafter evidencing any debts or obligations
of Borrower to Guarantor shall be marked with a legend that the same are subject to this Guaranty and shall be delivered to Lender. Guarantor
agrees. and Lender is hereby authorized, in the name of Guarantor, from time to time to file financing statements and continuation statements
and to execute documents and to take such other actions as Lender deems necessary or appropriate to perfect, preserve and enforce its
rights under this Guaranty. 

COMMERCIAL
 GUARANTY 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 3 

MISCELLANEOUS
PROVISIONS. The following miscellaneous provisions are a part of this Guaranty: 

Amendments.
This Guaranty, together with any Related Documents, constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of the parties as to the matters
set forth in this Guaranty. No alteration of or amendment to this Guaranty shall be effective unless given in writing and signed by the
party or parties sought to be charged or bound by the alteration or amendment 

Attorneys 
Fees; Expenses. Guarantor agrees to pay upon demand all of Lender s costs and expenses, including Lender s reasonable attorneys fees
and Lender s legal expenses, incurred in connection with the enforcement of this Guaranty. Lender may hire or pay someone else to help
enforce this Guaranty, and Guarantor shall pay the costs and expenses of such enforcement. Costs and expenses include Lender s reasonable
attorneys fees and legal expenses whether or not there is a lawsuit, including Lender s reasonable attorneys fees and legal expenses
for bankruptcy proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay or injunction), appeals. and any anticipated post-judgment
collection services. Guarantor also shall pay all court costs and such additional fees as may be directed by the court. 

Caption
Headings. Caption headings in this Guaranty are for convenience purposes only and are not to be used to interpret or define the provisions
of this Guaranty. 

Governing
Law. This Guaranty will be governed by federal law applicable to Lender and, to the extent not preempted by federal law, the laws of
the State of Texas without regard to Its conflicts of law provisions. 

Integration.
Guarantor further agrees that Guarantor has read and fully understands the terms of this Guaranty; Guarantor has had the opportunity
to be advised by Guarantor s attorney with respect to this Guaranty; the Guaranty fully reflects Guarantor s intentions and parole evidence
is not required to interpret the terms of this Guaranty. Guarantor hereby indemnifies and holds Lender harmless from all losses, claims.
damages, and costs (including Lender s attorneys fees) suffered or incurred by Lender as a result of any breach by Guarantor of the
warranties. representations and agreements of this paragraph. 

Interpretation.
In all cases where there is more than one Borrower or Guarantor, then all words used in this Guaranty in the singular shall be deemed
to have been used in the plural where the context and construction so require; and where there is more than one Borrower named in this
Guaranty or when this Guaranty is executed by more than one Guarantor. the words Borrower and Guarantor respectively
shall mean all and any one or more of them. The words Guarantor, Borrower, and Lender include the
heirs. successors. assigns. and transferees of each of them. If a court finds that any provision of this Guaranty is not valid or should
not be enforced. that fact by itself will not mean that the rest of this Guaranty will not be valid or enforced. Therefore, a court will
enforce the rest of the provisions of this Guaranty even if a provision of this Guaranty may be found to be invalid or unenforceable.
If any one or more of Borrower or Guarantor are corporations, partnerships, limited liability companies, or similar entities, it is not
necessary for Lender to inquire into the powers of Borrower or Guarantor or of the officers, directors, partners, managers, or other
agents acting or purporting to act on their behalf. and any indebtedness made or created in reliance upon the professed exercise of such
powers shall be guaranteed under this Guaranty. 

Notices.
Any notice required to be given under this Guaranty shall be given in writing, and. except for revocation notices by Guarantor. shalt
be effective when actually delivered, when actually received by telefacsimile (unless otherwise required by law), when deposited with
a nationally recognized overnight courier, or, if mailed, when deposited in the United States mail, as first class, certified or registered
mail postage prepaid. directed to the addresses shown near the beginning of this Guaranty. All revocation notices by Guarantor shall
be in writing and shall be effective upon delivery to Lender as provided in the section of this Guaranty entitled DURATION OF GUARANTY. 
Any party may change its address for notices under this Guaranty by giving formal written notice to the other parties, specifying that
the purpose of the notice is to change the party s address. For notice purposes, Guarantor agrees to keep Lender informed at all times
of Guarantor s current address. Unless otherwise provided or required by law, if there is more than one Guarantor, any notice given by
Lender to any Guarantor is deemed to be notice given to all Guarantors. 

No
Waiver by Lender. Lender shall not be deemed to have waived any rights under this Guaranty unless such waiver is given in writing and
signed by Lender. No delay or omission on the part of Lender in exercising any right shall operate as a waiver of such right or any other
right. A waiver by Lender of a provision of this Guaranty shall not prejudice or constitute a waiver of Lender s right otherwise to demand
strict compliance with that provision or any other provision of this Guaranty. No prior waiver by Lender, nor any course of dealing between
Lender and Guarantor, shall constitute a waiver of any of Lender s rights or of any of Guarantor s obligations as to any future transactions.
Whenever the consent of Lender is required under this Guaranty, the granting of such consent by Lender in any instance shall not constitute
continuing consent to subsequent instances where such consent is required and in all cases such consent may be granted or withheld in
the sole discretion of Lender. 

Successors
and Assigns. Subject to any limitations stated in this Guaranty on transfer of Guarantor s interest, this Guaranty shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of the parties. their successors and assigns. 

Statutory
Rights Not Waived. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Guaranty, Borrower and Guarantor do not waive or agree to forego any of
Borrower s and Guarantor s statutory rights unless the waiver of such a right is expressly authorized by law. 

Waive
Jury. Lender and Guarantor hereby waive the right to any jury trial in any action, proceeding, or counterclaim brought by either Lender
or Guarantor against the other. 

COUNTERPART
SIGNATURES. THIS DOCUMENT MAY BE SIGNED IN ANY NUMBER OF COUNTERPARTS ALL OF WHICH COMBINED SHALL BE CONSIDERED ONE AND THE SAME
DOCUMENT. 

DEFINITIONS.
The following capitalized words and terms shall have the following meanings when used in this Guaranty. Unless specifically stated to
the contrary, all references to dollar amounts shall mean amounts in lawful money of the United States of America. Words and terms used
in the singular shall include the plural, and the plural shall include the singular, as the context may require. Words and terms not
otherwise defined in this Guaranty shall have the meanings attributed to such terms in the Uniform Commercial Code: 

Borrower.
The word Borrower means LEANDER ASSOCIATES, LTD. and includes all co-signers and co-makers signing the Note and au their
successors and assigns. 

GAAP.
The word GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles. 

Guarantor.
The word Guarantor means everyone signing this Guaranty, including without limitation JAMES T WALESA, and in each case. any
signer s successors and assigns. 

Guaranty.
The word Guaranty means this guaranty from Guarantor to Lender. 

Indebtedness.
The word Indebtedness means Borrower s indebtedness to Lender as more particular1y described in this Guaranty. 

Lender.
The word Lender means STEARNS BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, its successors and assigns. 

Note.
The word Note means Promissory Note from Borrower to Lender in the original principal amount of 805,000.00 dated FEBRUARY
11, 2022, together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications of, refinancings of, consolidations of, and substitutions for the
note or credit agreement. 

COMMERCIAL
 GUARANTY 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 4 

Related
Documents. The words Related Documents mean all promissory notes. credit agreements, loan agreements, environmental agreements,
guaranties. security agreements. mortgages. deeds of trust, security deeds, collateral mortgages, and all other instruments. agreements
and documents. whether now or hereafter existing, executed in connection with the Indebtedness. 

EACH
UNDERSIGNED GUARANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS GUARANTY AND AGREES TO ITS TERMS. IN ADDITION, EACH GUARANTOR
UNDERSTANDS THAT THIS GUARANTY 15 EFFECTIVE UPON GUARANTOR S EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS GUARANTY TO LENDER AND THAT THE GUARANTY
WILL CONTINUE UNTIL TERMINATED IN THE MANNER SET FORTH IN THE SECTION TITLED DURATION OF GUARANTY . NO FORMAL ACCEPTANCE BY
LENDER IS NECESSARY TO MAKE THIS GUARANTY EFFECTIVE. THIS GUARANTY IS DATED FEBRUARY 10, 2022. 

GUARANTOR: 

/s/
 JAMES T WALESA 

JAMES
 T WALESA 

State
of Florida 

 COUNTY
OF Collier 

COMMERCIAL
SECURITY AGREEMENT 

Principal 
 805,000.00 
 Loan
 Date 
 02-10-2022 
 Maturity 
 02-10-2023 
 Loan
 No 
 70021721 
 Call/
 Coll 
 06
 /420 
 Account 
 172240 
 Officer 
 807 
 Initials 
 
 References
 in the boxes above are for Lender s use only and do not limit the applicability of this document to any particular loan or item.
 Any item above containing has been omitted due to text length limitations. 

Granter: 
 LEANDER ASSOCIATES, LTD. 
 
 Lender: 
 STEARNS
 BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

8800
 VILLAGE DR, STE 106 
 SAN
 ANTONIO, TX 78217 

ST
 CLOUD OFFICE 
 4191
 2ND ST S 

ST.
 CLOUD, MN 56301 

THIS
COMMERCIAL SECURITY AGREEMENT dated February 10, 2022, Is made and executed between LEANDER ASSOCIATES, LTD. Granter and
STEARNS BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION Lender ). 

GRANT
OF SECURITY INTEREST. For valuable consideration, Grantor grants to Lender a security interest in the Collateral to secure the Indebtedness
and agrees that Lender shall have the rights stated In this Agreement with respect to the Collateral, in addition to all other rights
which Lender may have by law. 

COLLATERAL
DESCRIPTION. The word Collateral as used in this Agreement means the following described property, whether now owned or hereafter
acquired, whether now existing or hereafter arising, and wherever located, 1n which Granter is giving to Lender a security interest for
the payment of the Indebtedness and performance of all other obligations under the Note and this Agreement: 

All
inventory, equipment, accounts (including but not limited to all health-care-insurance receivables), chattel paper, instruments (including
but not limited to all promissory notes), letter-of-credit rights, letters of credit, documents, deposit accounts, investment property,
money, other rights to payment and performance, and general intangibles (Including but not limited to all software and all payment intangibles):
all oil. gas and other minerals before extraction; all oil, gas, other minerals and accounts constituting as-extracted collateral; all
fixtures: all timber to be cut; all attachments, accessions, accessories, fittings, increases, tools, parts, repairs, supplies, and commingled
goods relating to the foregoing property, and all additions, replacements of and substitutions for all or any part of the foregoing property:
all insurance refunds relating to the foregoing property; all good will relating to the foregoing property; all records and data and
embedded software relating to the foregoing property, and all equipment, inventory and software to utilize, create, maintain and process
any such records and data on electronic media; and all supporting obligations relating to the foregoing property; all whether now existing
or hereafter arising, whether now owned or hereafter acquired or whether now or hereafter subject to any rights in the foregoing property;
and all products and proceeds (including but not limited to all insurance payments) of or relating to the foregoing property. 

All
Fixtures 

In
addition. the word Collateral also includes all the following, whether now owned or hereafter acquired. whether now existing
or hereafter arising. and wherever located: 

(A)
All accessions, attachments, accessories, tools, parts, supplies, replacements of and additions to any of the collateral described herein,
whether added now or later. 

(B)
All products and produce of any of the property described in this Collateral section. 

(C)
All accounts, general intangibles, instruments, rents, monies, payments, and all other rights, arising out of a sale, lease, consignment
or other disposition of any of the property described in this Collateral section. 

(D)
All proceeds (including insurance proceeds) from the sale, destruction, loss, or other disposition of any of the property described in
U1is Collateral section, and sums due from a third party who has damaged or destroyed the Collateral or from that party s insurer, whether
due to judgment, settlement or other process. 

(E)
All records and data relating to any of the property described in this Collateral section, whether in the form of a writing, photograph,
microfilm, microfiche, or electronic media, together with all of Grantor s right, title, and interest in and to all computer software
required to utilize, create. maintain, and process any such records or data on electronic media. 

Some
or all of the Collateral may be located on the following described real estate: 

as
shown on the exhibit named EXHIBIT A , attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference 

CROSS-COLLATERALIZATION.
In addition to the Note, this Agreement secures all obligations, debts and liabilities, plus interest thereon, of Grantor to Lender.
or any one or more of them, as well as all claims by Lender against Grantor or any one or more of them, whether now existing or hereafter
arising, whether related or unrelated to the purpose of the Note, whether voluntary or otherwise, whether due or not due, direct or indirect.
determined or undetermined, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, whether Grantor may be liable individually or Jointly
with others, whether obligated as guarantor, surety, accommodation party or otherwise, and whether recovery upon such amounts may be
or hereafter may become barred by any statute of limitations, and whether the obligation to repay such amounts may be or hereafter may
become otherwise unenforceable. However, this Agreement shall not secure, and the Indebtedness shall not include, any obligations
arising under Subchapters E and F of Chapter 342 of the Texas Finance Code, as amended. 

FUTURE
ADVANCES. In addition to the Note, this Agreement secures all future advances made by Lender to Grantor regardless of whether the advances
are made a) pursuant to a commitment orb) for the same purposes. 

RIGHT
OF SETOFF. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Lender reserves a right of setoff in all Grantor s accounts with Lender (whether
checking. savings, or some other account). This includes all accounts Grantor holds jointly with someone else and all accounts Granter
may open in the future. However, this does not include any IRA or Keogh accounts, or any trust accounts for which setoff would be prohibited
by law. Granter authorizes Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to charge or setoff all sums owing on the Indebtedness
against any and all such accounts, and, at Lender s option, to administratively freeze all such accounts to allow Lender to protect Lender s
charge and setoff rights provided in this paragraph. 

GRANTOR S
REPRESENTATIONS ANO WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE COLLATERAL. With respect to the Collateral. Granter represents and promises to Lender
that: 

Perfection
of Security Interest. Granter agrees to take whatever actions are requested by Lender to perfect and_ continue Lenders security
interest in the Collateral. Upon request of Lender, Granter will deliver to Lender any and all of the documents evidencing or
const1tut1ng the Collateral, and Granter will note Lender s interest upon any and all chattel paper and instruments if not
delivered to Lender for possession by Lender. This is a continuing Security Agreement and will continue in effect even though all or
any part of the Indebtedness is paid in full and even though for a period of time Grantor may not be indebted to Lender. 

COMMERCIAL
 SECURITY AGREEMENT 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 2 

Notices
to Lender. Granter will promptly notify Lender in writing at Lender s address shown above (or such other addresses as Lender may designate
from time to time) prior to any (1) change in Grantor s name; (2) change in Grantor s assumed business name(s); (3) change m the management
or in the members or managers of the limited liability company Grantor; (4) change in the authorized signer(s): (5) change on Grantor s
principal office address; (6) change in Grantor s state of organization; (7) conversion of Granter to a new or different type of business
entity: or (8) change in any other aspect of Granter that directly or indirectly relates to any agreements between Grantor and Lender.
No change in Grantor s name or state of organization will take effect until after Lender has received notice. 

No
Violation. The execution and delivery of this Agreement will not violate any law or agreement governing Grantor or to which Granter is
c1 party, and its membership agreement does not prohibit any term or condition of this Agreement. 

Enforceability
of Collateral. To the extent the Collateral consists of accounts. chattel paper, or general intangibles, as defined by the Uniform Commercial
Code, the Collateral is enforceable in accordance with its terms, is genuine, and fully complies with all applicable laws and regulations
concerning form, content and manner of preparation and execution, and all persons appearing to be obligated on the Collateral have authority
and capacity to contract and are in fact obligated as they appear to be on the Collateral. At the time any account becomes subject to
a security interest in favor of Lender, the account shall be a good and valid account representing an undisputed. bona fide indebtedness
incurred by the account debtor, for merchandise held subject to delivery instructions or previously shipped or delivered pursuant to
a contract of sale, or for services previously performed by Granter with or for the account debtor. So long as this Agreement remains
in effect, Granter shall not, without Lender s prior written consent, compromise, settle, adjust, or extend payment under or with regard
to any such Accounts. There shall be no setoffs or counterclaims against any of the Collateral. and no agreement shall have been made
under which any deductions or discounts may be claimed concerning the Collateral except those disclosed to Lender in writing. 

Location
of the Collateral. Except in the ordinary course of Grantor s business, Granter agrees to keep the Collateral (or to the extent the Collateral
consists of intangible property such as accounts or general intangibles, the records concerning the Collateral) at Grantor s address
shown above or at such other locations as are acceptable to Lender. Upon Lender s request, Granter will deliver to Lender in form satisfactory
to Lender a schedule of real properties and Collateral locations relating to Grantor s operations. including without limitation the following:
(1) all real property Granter owns or is purchasing; (2) all real property Granter is renting or leasing: (3) all storage facilities
Granter owns. rents, leases, or uses; and (4) all other properties where Collateral is or may be located. 

Removal
of the Collateral. Except in the ordinary course of Grantor s business, including the sales of inventory. Granter shall not remove the
Collateral from its existing location without Lender s prior written consent. To the extent that the Collateral consists of vehicles.
or other titled property. Grantor shall not take or permit any action which would require application for certificates of title for the
vehicles outside the State of Texas, without Lender s prior written consent. Grantor shall, whenever requested, advise Lender of the
exact location 

 of
the Collateral. 

Transactions
Involving Collateral. Except for inventory sold or accounts collected in the ordinary course of Grantor s business. or as otherwise provided
for in this Agreement, Granter shall not sell, offer to sell, or otherwise transfer or dispose of the Collateral. Wl1ite Grantor is not
in default under this Agreement, Granter may sell inventory, but only in the ordinary course of its business and only to buyers ,,vt10
qualify as a buyer in the ordinary course of business. A sale in the ordinary course of Grantor s business does not include a transfer
in partial or total satisfaction of a debt or any bulk sale. Granter shall not pledge, mortgage, encumber or otherwise permit the Collateral
to be subject to any lien, security interest, encumbrance, or charge, other than the security interest provided for in this Agreement.
without the prior written consent of Lender. This includes security interests even if junior in right to the security interests granted
under this Agreement. Unless waived by Lender, all proceeds from any disposition of the Collateral (for whatever reason) shall be held
in trust for Lender and shall not be commingled with any other funds; provided however, this requirement shall not constitute consent
by Lender to any sale or other disposition. Upon receipt, Granter shall immediately deliver any such proceeds to Lender. 

Title.
Granter represents and warrants to Lender that Granter holds good and marketable title to the Collateral, free and clear of all liens
and encumbrances except for the lien of this Agreement. No financing statement covering any of the Collateral is on file in any public
office other than those which reflect the security interest created by this Agreement or to which Lender has specifically consented.
Granter shall defend Lender s rights in the Collateral against the claims and demands of all other persons. 

Repairs
and Maintenance. Grantor agrees to keep and maintain, and to cause others to keep and maintain, the Collateral in good order, repair
and condition at all times while this Agreement remains in effect. Granter further agrees to pay when due all claims for work done on,
or services rendered or material furnished in connection with the Collateral so that no lien or encumbrance may ever attach to or be
filed against the Collateral. 

Inspection
of Collateral. Lender and Lender s designated representatives and agents shall have the right at all reasonable times to examine and
inspect the Collateral wherever located. 

Taxes,
Assessments and Liens. Granter will pay when due all taxes, assessments and liens upon the Collateral, its use or operation. upon this
Agreement. upon any promissory note or notes evidencing the Indebtedness, or upon any of the other Related Documents. Granter may withhold
any such payment or may elect to contest any lien if Granter is in good faith conducting an appropriate proceeding to contest the obligation
to pay and so long as Lender s interest in the Collateral is not jeopardized in Lender s sole opinion. If the Collateral is subjected
to a lien which is not discharged within fifteen (15) days, Granter shall deposit with Lender cash. a sufficient corporate surety bond
or other security satisfactory to Lender in an amount adequate to provide for the discharge of the lien plus any interest. costs. Lender s
reasonable attorneys fees or other charges that could accrue as a result of foreclosure or sale of the Collateral. In any contest Granter
shall defend itself and Lender and shall satisfy any final adverse judgment before enforcement against the Collateral. Grantor shall
name Lender as an additional obligee under any surety bond furnished in the contest proceedings. Grantor further agrees to furnish Lender
with evidence that such taxes, assessments, and governmental and other charges have been paid in full and in a timely manner. Granter
may withhold any such payment or may elect to contest any lien if Granter is in good faith conducting an appropriate proceeding to contest
the- obligation to pay and so long as Lender s interest in the Collateral is not jeopardized. 

Compliance
with Governmental Requirements. Granter shall comply promptly with all laws, ordinances, rules and regulations of all governmental authorities,
including without limitation all environmental laws, ordinances, rules and regulations, now or hereafter in effect, applicable to the
ownership, production, disposition, or use of the Collateral, including all laws or regulations relating to the undue erosion of h1ghly-erod1ble
land or relating to the conversion of wetlands for the production of an agricultural product or commodity. Granter may contest in good
faith any such law. ordinance or regulation and withhold compliance during any proceeding. including appropriate appeals. so long as
Lender s interest in the Collateral, in Lender s opinion, is not jeopardized. 

Hazardous
Substances. Granter represents and warrants that the Collateral never has been, and never will be so long as this Agreement remains a
lien on the Collateral, used in violation of any Environmental Laws or for the generation. manufacture,_ storage. transportation. treatment.
disposal, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Substance. The representations and warranties contained herein are based on
Grantor s due diligence in investigating the Collateral for Hazardous Substances. Granter hereby (1) releases and waives any future claims
against Lender for indemnity or contribution in the event Granter becomes liable for cleanup or other costs under any Environmental Laws.
and (2) agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Lender against any and all claims and losses resulting from a breach of this provision
of this Agreement. This obligation to indemnify and defend shall survive the payment of the Indebtedness and the satisfaction of this
Agreement. 

COMMERCIAL
 SECURITY AGREEMENT 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 3 

Maintenance
of Casualty Insurance. Granter shall procure and maintain all risks insurance, including without limitation fire, theft and liability
coverage together with such other insurance as Lender may require with respect to the Collateral, in form, amounts, coverages and basis
reasonably acceptable to Lender. Granter, upon request of Lender, will deliver to Lender from time to time the policies or certificates
of insurance In form satisfactory to Lender, including stipulations that coverages will not be cancelled or diminished without at least
thirty (30) days prior written notice to Lender and not including any disclaimer of the insurer s liability for failure to give such
a notice. Each insurance policy also shall include an endorsement providing that coverage in favor of Lender will not be impaired
in any way by any act. omission or default of Granter or any other person. In connection with all policies covering assets in which Lender
holds or is offered a security interest, Granter will provide Lender with such loss payable or other endorsements as Lender may require.
If Granter at any time fails to obtain or maintain any insurance as required under this Agreement, Lender may (but shall not be obligated
to) obtain such insurance as Lender deems appropriate, including if Lender so chooses single interest insurance, which will
cover only Lender s interest in the Collateral. 

Application
of Insurance Proceeds. Granter shall promptly notify Lender of any loss or damage to the Collateral if the estimated cost of repair or
replacement exceeds 5,000.00, whether or not such casualty or loss is covered by insurance. Lender may make proof of loss if Granter
fails to do so within fifteen (15) days of the casualty. All proceeds of any insurance on the Collateral, including accrued proceeds
thereon. shall be held by Lender as part of the Collateral. If Lender consents to repair or replacement of the damaged or destroyed Collateral.
Lender shall, upon satisfactory proof of expenditure, pay or reimburse Granter from the proceeds for the reasonable cost of repair or
restoration. If Lender does not consent to repair or replacement of the Collateral, Lender shall retain a sufficient amount of the proceeds
to pay all of the Indebtedness, and shall pay the balance to Granter. Any proceeds which have not been disbursed within six (6) months
after their receipt and which Grantor has not committed to the repair or restoration of the Collateral shall be used to prepay the Indebtedness. 

Insurance
Reserves. Lender may require Granter to maintain with Lender reserves for payment of insurance premiums, which reserves shall be created
by monthly payments from Grantor of a sum estimated by Lender to be sufficient to produce, at least fifteen (15) days before the premium
due date, amounts at least equal to the insurance premiums to be paid. If fifteen (15) days before payment is due, the reserve funds
are insufficient. Granter shall upon demand pay any deficiency to Lender. The reserve funds shall be held by Lender as a general deposit
and shall constitute a non-interest-bearing account which Lender may satisfy by payment of the insurance premiums required to be paid
by Granter as they become due. Lender does not hold the reserve funds in trust for Grantor, and Lender is not the agent of Grantor for
payment of the insurance premiums required to be paid by Granter. The responsibility for the payment of premiums shall remain Grantor s
sole responsibility. 

Insurance
Reports. Granter, upon request of Lender, shall furnish to Lender reports on each existing policy of insurance showing such information
as Lender may reasonably request including the following: (1) the name of the insurer: (2) the risks insured; (3) the amount of the policy;
(4) the property insured; (5) the then current value on the basis of which insurance has been obtained and the manner of determining
that value; and (6) the expiration date of the policy. In addition, Grantor shall upon request by Lender (however not more often than
annually) have an independent appraiser satisfactory to Lender determine, as applicable, the cash value or replacement cost of the
Collateral. 

Financing
Statements. Granter authorizes Lender to file a UCC financing statement, or alternatively. a copy of th1s Agreement to perfect Lender s
security interest. At Lender s request, Granter additionally agrees to sign all other documents that are necessary to perfect, protect,
and continue Lender s security interest in the Property. This includes making sure Lender is shown as the first and only security interest
holder on the title covering the Property. Granter will pay all filing fees, title transfer fees, and other fees and costs involved unless
prohibited by law or unless Lender is required by law to pay such fees and costs. Granter irrevocably appoints Lender to execute documents
necessary to transfer title if there is a default. Lender may file a copy of this Agreement as a financing statement. 

GRANTOR S
RIGHT TO POSSESSION AND TO COLLECT ACCOUNTS. Until default and except as otherwise provided below with respect to accounts. Granter may
have possession of the tangible personal property and beneficial use of all the Collateral and may use it in any lawful manner not inconsistent
with this Agreement or the Related Documents, provided that Grantor s right to possession and beneficial use shall not apply to any Collateral
where possession of the Collateral by Lender is required by law to perfect Lender s security interest in such Collateral. Until otherwise
notified by Lender, Grantor may collect any of the Collateral consisting of accounts. At any time and even though no Event of Default
exists. Lender may exercise its rights to collect the accounts and to notify account debtors to make payments directly to Lender for
application to the Indebtedness. If Lender at any time has possession of any Collateral, whether before or after an Event of Default.
Lender shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and preservation of the Collateral if Lender takes such action
for that purpose as Grantor shall request or as Lender, in Lender s sole discretion, shall deem appropriate under the circumstances,
but failure to honor any request by Granter shall not of itself be deemed to be a failure to exercise reasonable care. Lender shall not
be required to take any steps necessary to preserve any rights In the Collateral against prior parties, nor to protect, preserve or maintain
any security interest given to secure the Indebtedness. 

LENDER S
EXPENDITURES. If any action or proceeding is commenced that would materially affect Lender s interest in the Collateral or if Granter
fails to comply with any provision of this Agreement or any Related Documents, including but not limited to Grantor s failure to discharge
or pay when due any amounts Grantor is required to discharge or pay under this Agreement or any Related Documents, Lender on Grantor s
behalf may (but shall not be obligated to) take any action that Lender deems appropriate, including but not limited to discharging or
paying all taxes, liens, security interests, encumbrances and other claims, at any time levied or placed on the Collateral and paying
all costs for insuring, maintaining and preserving the Collateral. All such expenditures incurred or paid by Lender for such purposes
will then bear interest at the rate charged under the Note from the date incurred or paid by Lender to the date of repayment by Grantor.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, all such expenses will become a part of the Indebtedness and, at Lender s option, will (A)
be payable on demand: (B) be added to the balance of the Note and be apportioned among and be payable with any installment payments to
become due during either (1) the term of any applicable insurance policy; or (2) the remaining term of the Note; or (C) be treated as
a balloon payment which will be due and payable at the Note s maturity. The Agreement also will secure payment of these amounts. Such
right shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies to which Lender may be entitled upon the occurrence of any Event of Default. 

DEFAULT.
Each of the following shall constitute an Event of Default under this Agreement: 

Payment
Default. Granter fails to make any payment when due under the Indebtedness. 

Environmental
Default. Failure of any party to comply with or perform when due any term, obligation. covenant or condition contained in any environmental
agreement executed in connection with any Indebtedness. 

COMMERCIAL
 SECURITY AGREEMENT 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 4 

Other
Defaults. Granter fails to comply with or to perform any other term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or 

In
any of the Related Documents or to comply with or to perform any term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in any other agreement
between Lender and Granter. 

Default
in Favor of Third Parties. Any guarantor or Grantor defaults under any loan, extension of credit, security agreement, purchase or sales
agreement, or any other agreement, in favor of any other creditor or person that may materially affect any of any guarantor s or Grantor s
property or ability to perform their respective obligations under this Agreement or any of the Related Documents. 

False
Statements. Any warranty, representation or statement made or furnished to Lender by Granter or on Grantor s behalf under this Agreement
or the Related Documents is false or misleading in any material respect, either now or at the time made or furnished or becomes false
or misleading at any time thereafter. 

Defective
Collateralization. This Agreement or any of the Related Documents ceases to be in full force and effect (including failure of any collateral
document to create a valid and perfected security interest or lien) at any time and for any reason. 

Insolvency.
The dissolution of Granter (regardless of whether election to continue is made), any member withdraws from the limited liability company,
or any other termination of Grantor s existence as a going business or the death of any member, the insolvency of Granter, the appointment
of a receiver for any part of Grantor s property, any assignment for the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor workout. or the commencement
of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws by or against Granter. 

Creditor
or Forfeiture Proceedings. Commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings, whether by judicial proceeding. self-help, repossession
or any other method, by any creditor of Granter or by any governmental agency against any collateral securing the Indebtedness. This
includes a garnishment of any of Grantor s accounts, including deposit accounts. with Lender. However, this Event of Default shall not
apply if there is a good faith dispute by Granter as to the validity or reasonableness of the claim which Is the basis of the creditor
or forfeiture proceeding and if Granter gives Lender written notice of the creditor or forfeiture proceeding and deposits with Lender
monies or a surety bond for the creditor or forfeiture proceeding, in an amount determined by Lender, in its sole discretion. as being
an adequate reserve or bond for the dispute. 

Events
Affecting Guarantor. Any of the preceding events occurs with respect to any Guarantor of any of the Indebtedness or Guarantor dies or
becomes incompetent or revokes or disputes the validity of, or liability under, any Guaranty of the Indebtedness, 

Adverse
Change. A material adverse change occurs in Grantor s financial condition, or Lender believes the prospect of payment or performance
of the Indebtedness is impaired. 

Insecurity.
Lender in good faith believes itself insecure. 

Cure
Provisions. If any default, other than a default in payment, is curable and if Grantor has not been given a notice of a breach of the
same provision of this Agreement within the preceding twelve (12) months, it may be cured if Granter, after Lender sends written notice
to Granter demanding cure of such default: (1) cures the default within fifteen (15) days; or (2) if the cure requires more than fifteen
(15) days, immediately initiates steps which Lender deems in Lender s sole discretion to be sufficient to cure the default and thereafter
continues and completes all reasonable and necessary steps sufficient to produce compliance as soon as reasonably practical. 

RIGHTS
AND REMEDIES ON DEFAULT. If an Event of Default occurs under this Agreement, at any time thereafter, Lender shall have all the rights
of a secured party under the Texas Uniform Commercial Code. In addition and without limitation, Lender may exercise any one or more of
the following rights and remedies: 

Accelerate
Indebtedness. Lender may declare the entire Indebtedness immediately due and payable, without notice of any kind to Granter. 

Assemble
Collateral. Lender may require Grantor to deliver to Lender all or any portion of the Collateral and any and all certificates of
title and other documents relating to the Collateral. Lender may require Granter to assemble the Collateral and make it available to
Lender at a place to be designated by Lender. Lender also shall have full power to enter, provided Lender does so without a breach
of the peace or a trespass. upon the property of Granter to take possession of and remove the Collateral. If the Collateral contains
other goods not covered by this Agreement at the time of repossession, Granter agrees Lender may take such other goods, provided
that Lender makes reasonable efforts to return them to Granter after repossession. 

Sell
the Collateral. Lender shall have full power to sell, lease, transfer, or otherwise deal with the Collateral or proceeds thereof in Lender s
own name or that of Granter, Lender may sell the Collateral at public auction or private sale. Unless the Collateral threatens to decline
speedily in value or is of a type customarily sold on a recognized market, Lender will give Granter. and other persons as required by
law, reasonable notice of the time and place of any public sale. or the time after which any private sale or any other disposition of
the Collateral Is to be made. However, no notice need be provided to any person who, after Event of Default occurs. enters into and authenticates
an agreement waiving that person s right to notification of sale. The requirements of reasonable notice shall be met if such notice is
given at least ten (10) days before the time of the sale or disposition. All expenses relating to the disposition of the Collateral,
including without limitation the expenses of retaking, holding, insuring, preparing for sale and selling the Collateral, shall become
a part of the Indebtedness secured by this Agreement and shall be payable on demand, with interest at the Note rate from date of expenditure
until repaid. 

Appoint
Receiver. Lender shall have the right to have a receiver appointed to take possession of all or any part of the Collateral. with the
power to protect and preserve the Collateral, to operate the Collateral preceding foreclosure or sale, and to collect the rents from
the Collateral and apply the proceeds, over and above the cost of the receivership, against the Indebtedness. The receiver may serve
without bond if permitted by law. Lender s right to the appointment of a receiver shall exist whether or not the apparent value of the
Collateral exceeds the Indebtedness by a substantial amount. Employment by Lender shall not disqualify a person from serving as a receiver. 

Collect
Revenues, Apply Accounts. Lender, either itself or through a receiver, may collect the payments, rents, income, and revenues from the
Collateral. Lender may at any time in Lender s discretion transfer any Collateral into Lender s own name or that of Lender s nominee
and receive the payments, rents, income, and revenues therefrom and hold the same as security for the Indebtedness or apply it to payment
of the Indebtedness in such order of preference as Lender may determine. Insofar as the Collateral consists of accounts, general intangibles.
insurance policies, instruments, chattel paper, choses in action, or similar property, Lender may demand, collect, receipt for. settle,
compromise, adjust, sue for, foreclose, or realize on the Collateral as Lender may determine, whether or not Indebtedness or Collateral
is then due. For these purposes, Lender may, on behalf of and in the name of Granter, receive, open and dispose of mail addressed to
Granter; change any address to which mail and payments are to be sent; and endorse notes, checks . drafts, money orders. documents of
title, instruments and items pertaining to payment, shipment, or storage of any Collateral. To facilitate collection, Lender may notify
account debtors and obligors on any Collateral to make payments directly to Lender. 

Obtain
Deficiency. If Lender chooses to sell any or all of the Collateral, Lender may obtain a judgment against Grantor for any deficiency remaining
on the Indebtedness due to Lender after application of all amounts received from the exercise of the rights provided 1n this Agreement.
Granter shall be liable for a deficiency even if the transaction described In th1s subsection 1sa sale of accounts or chattel paper. 

Other
Rights and Remedies. Lender shall have all the rights and remedies of a secured creditor under the provisions of the Uniform Commercial
Code, as may be amended from time to time. In addition, Lender shall have and may exercise any or all other rights and remedies it may
have available at law. in equity, or otherwise. 

COMMERCIAL
 SECURITY AGREEMENT 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 5 

Election
of Remedies. Except as may be prohibited by applicable law, all of Lender s rights and remedies, whether evidenced by this Agreement.
the Related Documents. or by any other writing, shall be cumulative and may be exercised singularly or concurrently. Election by Lender
to pursue any remedy shall not exclude pursuit of any other remedy, and an election to make expenditures or to take action to perform
an obligation of Granter under this Agreement. after Grantor s failure to perform, shall not affect Lender s right to declare a default
and exercise its remedies. 

COUNTERPART
 SIGNATURES. THIS DOCUMENT MAY BE SIGNED IN ANY NUMBER OF COUNTERPARTS ALL OF WHICH COMBINED SHALL BE CONSIDERED ONE AND THE SAME
DOCUMENT. 

CROSS
COLLATERAL PROVISION. ALL COLLATERAL NOW OR HEREAFTER SUBJECT TO A SECURITY INTEREST OR LIE OF LENDER PURSUANI TO ANY OR ALL OF
THE SECURITY AGREEMENTS BETWEEN BORROWER. AND LENDER SHALL SECURE ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS. AND ANY PROCEEDS OF ANY COLLATERAL MAY BE
APPLIED TO ANY OF THE OBLIGATIONS AS LENDER MAY SEE FIT. SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW. 

IN
ADDITION TO AND NOT IN SUBSTITUTION FOR ANY PROVISION IN ANY OF THE SECURITY AGREEMENTS EVIDENCING OBLIGATIONS. IT IS AGREED THAT ANY
DEFAULT OR BREACH BY BORROWER, IN PAYMENT OR DEFAULT UNDER ANY AGREEMENT EVIDENCING AN OBLIGATION SHALL. AT THE OPTION OF LENDER, CONSTITUTE
A DEFAULT UNDER EACH AND ALL LOAN DOCUMENTS EXECUTED BY THE BORROWER. IN FAVOR OF THE LENDER. 

MISCELLANEOUS
PROVISIONS. The following miscellaneous provisions are a part of this Agreement: 

Amendments.
This Agreement, together with any Related Documents, constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of the parties as to the matters
set forth in this Agreement. No alteration of or amendment to this Agreement shall be effective unless given in writing and signed by
the party or parties sought to be charged or bound by the alteration or amendment. 

Attorneys 
Fees; Expenses. Granter agrees to pay upon demand all of Lender s costs and expenses, including Lender s reasonable attorneys fees and
Lender s legal expenses, incurred in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement. Lender may hire or pay someone else to help enforce
this Agreement, and Granter shall pay the costs and expenses of such enforcement. Costs and expenses include Lender s reasonable attorneys 
fees and legal expenses whether or not there is a lawsuit, inducting Lender s reasonable attorneys fees and legal expenses for
bankruptcy proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay or injunction), appeals, and any anticipated post-judgment
collection services. Granter also shall pay all court costs and such additional fees as may be directed by the court. 

Caption
Headings. Caption headings in this Agreement are for convenience purposes only and are not to be used to interpret or define the provisions
of this Agreement. 

Governing
Law. With respect to procedural matters related to the perfection and enforcement of Lender s rights against the Collateral, this Agreement
will be governed by federal law applicable to Lender and to the extent not preempted by federal law, the laws of the State of Texas.
In all other respects, this Agreement will be governed by federal law applicable to Lender and, to the extent not preempted by federal
law, the laws of the State of Minnesota without regard to Its conflicts of law provisions. However, if there ever is a question about
whether any provision of this Agreement Is valid or enforceable, the provision that is questioned will be governed by whichever state
or federal law would find the provision to be valid and enforceable. The loan transaction that is evidenced by the Note and this Agreement
has been applied for, considered, approved and made, and all necessary loan documents have been accepted by Lender in the State of Minnesota. 

No
Waiver by Lender. Lender shall not be deemed to have waived any rights under this Agreement unless such waiver is given in writing and
signed by Lender. No delay or omission on the part of Lender in exercising any right shall operate as a waiver of such right or any other
right. A waiver by Lender of a provision of this Agreement shall not prejudice or constitute a waiver of Lender s right otherwise to demand
strict compliance with that provision or any other provision of this Agreement. No prior waiver by Lender. nor any course of dealing
between Lender and Granter, shall constitute a waiver of any of Lender s rights or of any of Grantor s obligations as to any future transactions.
Whenever the consent of Lender is required under this Agreement, the granting of such consent by Lender in any instance shall not constitute
continuing consent to subsequent instances where such consent is required and in all cases such consent may be granted or withheld in
the sole discretion of Lender. 

Statutory
Rights Not Waived. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Granter does not waive or agree to forego any of Grantor s
statutory rights unless the waiver of such a right is expressly authorized by law. 

Notices.
Any notice required to be given under this Agreement shall be given in writing, and shall be effective when actually delivered, when
actually received by telefacsimile (unless otherwise required by law), when deposited with a nationally recognized overnight courier.
or. if mailed, when deposited in the United States mail, as first class, certified or registered mail postage prepaid, directed to the
addresses shown near the beginning of this Agreement. Any party may change its address for notices under this Agreement by giving formal
written notice to the other parties, specifying that the purpose of the notice is to change the party s address. For notice purposes,
Granter agrees to keep Lender informed at all times of Grantor s current address. Unless otherwise provided or required by law, if there
is more than one Granter. any notice given by Lender to any Granter is deemed to be notice given to all Granters. 

Power
of Attorney. Granter hereby appoints Lender as Grantor s irrevocable attorney-in-fact for the purpose of executing any documents necessary
to perfect. amend, or to continue the security interest granted in this Agreement or to demand termination of f1l1ngs of other secured
parties. Lender may at any time, and without further authorization from Granter, file a carbon, photographic or other reproduction of
any financing statement or of this Agreement for use as a financing statement. Granter will reimburse Lender for all expenses for the
perfection and the continuation of the perfection of Lender s security interest in the Collateral. 

Severability.
If a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this Agreement to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to _any circumstance,
that finding shall not make the offending provision illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any other circumstance. If feasible, the
offending provision shall be considered modified so that it becomes legal, valid and enforceable. If the offending provision cannot be_
so modified. it shall be considered deleted from this Agreement. Unless otherwise required by law. the illegality, invalidity, or unenforceab1lity
of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. 

Successors
and Assigns. Subject to any limitations stated in this Agreement on transfer of Grantor s interest, this Agreement shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and assigns. If ownership of the Collateral becomes vested in a person other
than Granter, Lender, without notice to Granter, may deal with Grantor s successors with reference to this Agreement and the Indebtedness
by way of forbearance or extension without releasing Granter from the obligations of this Agreement or liability under the Indebtedness. 

COMMERCIAL
 SECURITY AGREEMENT 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 6 

Survival
of Representations and Warranties. All representations, warranties. and agreements made by Grantor in this Agreement shall s11rv1ve the
execution and delivery of this Agreement. shall be continuing in nature. and shall remain in full force and effect until such time as
Grantor s Indebtedness shall be paid in full. 

Time
 is of the Essence. Time is of the essence in the performance of this Agreement. 

DEFINITIONS.
 the following capitalized words and terms shall have the following meanings when used in this Agreement. Unless specifically stated
to the contrary. All references to dollar amounts shall mean amounts in lawful money of the United States of America. Words and terms
used in the singular shall include the plural. and the plural shall include the singular. as the context may require. Words and terms
not otherwise defined 111 this Agreement shall have the meanings attributed to such terms in the Uniform Commercial Code: 

Agreement.
 The word Agreement means this Commercial Security Agreement, as this Commercial Security Agreement may be amended or
mod1f1ed from time to time. together with all exhibits and schedules attached to this Commercial Security Agreement from time to time. 

Borrower.
 The word Borrower means LEANDER ASSOCIATES. LTD. and includes all co-signers and co-makers signing the Note and all their
successors and assigns. 

Collateral.
The word Collateral means all of Grantor s right. title and interest in and to all the Collateral as described 111 the Collateral
Description section of this Agreement. 

Environmental
Laws . The words Environmental Laws mean any and all state, federal and local statutes. regulations And ordinances
relating to the protection of human health or the environment, including without limitation the Comprehensive Environmental Response.
Compensation. and Liability Act of 1980, as amended. 42 U.S.C. Section 9601, et seq. CERCLA ). the Superfund Amendments
and Reauthorization Act of 1986, Pub. L. No. 99-499 SARA ), the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. Section
1801. et seq. the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901, et seq., or other applicable state or federal laws.
rules. or regulations adopted pursuant thereto. 

Event
of Default. The words Event of Default mean any or the events of default set forth 1n this Agreement in the default section
of this Agreement 

Grantor.
The word Grantor means LEANDER ASSOCIATES.LTD. 

Guarantor.
The word Guarantor means any guarantor. surety. or accommodation party of any or all of the Indebtedness. 

Guaranty.
The word Guaranty means the guaranty from Guarantor to Lender. including without limitation a guaranty of all or part of
the Note. 

Hazardous
Substances. The words Hazardous Substances mean materials that. because of their quantity, concentration or physical. chemical
or infectious characteristics. may cause or pose a present or potential hazard to human health or the environment when 11nproperly used.
treated. stored, disposed of, generated, manufactured, transported or otherwise handled. The words Hazardous Substances are
used 111 their very broadest sense and include without limitation any and all hazardous or toxic substances. materials or waste as defined
by or listed under the Environmental Laws. The term Hazardous Substances also includes, without lim1tat1on. petroleum and
petroleum by-products or any fraction thereof and asbestos. 

Indebtedness.
The word Indebtedness means the indebtedness evidenced by the Note or Related Documents. including all principal and interest
together with all other indebtedness and costs and expenses for which Grantor 1s responsible under this Agreement or under any of the
Related Documents. Specifically. without limitation, Indebtedness includes the future advances set forth 111 the Future Advances provision.
together with all interest thereon and all amounts that may be indirectly secured by the Cross-Collateralizat1on provision of this Agreement. 

Lender.
The word Lender means STEARNS BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, its successors and assigns. 

Note.
 The word Note means Promissory Note from Borrower to Lender in the original principal amount of 805.000.00 dated FEBRUARY
11, 2022. together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications of. refinancings of, consolidations of, and substitutions for the
note or credit agreement. 

Property.
The word Property means all of Grantor s right title and interest 111 and to all the Property as described in the Collateral
Description section of this Agreement. 

Related
Documents. The words Related Documents mean all promissory notes. credit agreements, loan agreements. environmental agreements.
guaranties. security agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust. security deeds. collateral mortgages. and all other instruments. agreements
and documents. whether now or hereafter executed in connection with the Indebtedness. 

GRANTOR
HAS READ AND UNDERSTOOD ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS COMMERCIAL SECURITY AGREEMENT AND AGREES TO ITS TERMS. THIS AGREEMENT IS DATED FEBRUARY
10, 2022. 

GRANTOR: 

LEANDER
 ASSOCIATES, LTD. 

By: 

By: 

James
 T. Walesa, Authorized Officer of Leander Associates, LTD 

BJ
 Parrish, Authorized Officer of Leander Associates, LTD 

DEED
OF TRUST 

RECORDATION
REQUESTED BY: 

STEARNS BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

 ST CLOUD OFFICE 

 4191
2ND ST S 

 ST.
CLOUD, MN 56301 

WHEN
RECORDED MAIL TO: 

STEARNS
BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

 4191 SO 2ND ST 

 ST
CLOUD, MN 56302-7338 

SEND
TAX NOTICES TO: 

LEANDER
ASSOCIATES, LTD. 

 8800
VILLAGE DR, STE 106 

SAN
 ANTONIO TX 78217 
 SPACE
 ABOVE THIS LINE 15 FOR RECORDER S USE ONLY 

MAXIMUM
 LIEN. The lien of this Deed of Trust shall not exceed at any one time 805,000.00. 

THIS
DEED OF TRUST is dated February 10, 2022, among LEANDER ASSOCIATES, LTD., whose address is 8800 VILLAGE DR, STE 106, SAN ANTONIO, TX
78217; A TEXAS LIMITED COMPANY Granter ); STEARNS BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, whose address is ST CLOUD OFFICE, 4191 2ND
ST S, ST. CLOUD, MN 56301 (referred to below sometimes as Beneficiary ); and GEORGE BARBER, ESQ., whose address is 1445
ROSS AVE. SUITE 3600, DALLAS, TX 75202 (referred to below as Trustee ). 

CONVEYANCE
AND GRANT. For valuable consideration, Grantor conveys to Trustee in trust, with power of sale, for the benefit of Lender as Beneficiary,
the following described real property, together with all existing or subsequently erected or affixed buildings. improvements and fixtures:
and all easements, rights of way, and appurtenances; all water and water rights; and all other rights, royalties, and profits relating
to the real property. including without limitation such rights as Granter may have in all minerals, oil, gas. geothermal and similar
matters. (the Real Property located in WILLIAMSON County, State of Texas: 

See
EXHIBIT A, which is attached to this Deed of Trust and made a part of this Deed of Trust as if fully set forth herein. 

The
Real Property or its address is commonly known as 301 S BAGDAD ROAD, LEANDER, TX 78641. The Real Property tax identification number is
R-487427. 

Grantor
hereby absolutely assigns to Lender (also known as Beneficiary in this Deed of Trust) all of Grantor s right. title, and interest
in and to all present and future leases of the Property and all Rents from the Property. In addition, Granter grants to Lender a Uniform
Commercial Code security interest in the Personal Property and Rents. 

THIS
DEED OF TRUST, INCLUDING THE ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS AND THE SECURITY INTEREST IN THE RENTS AND PERSONAL PROPERTY, 15 GIVEN TO SECURE (A)
PAYMENT OF THE INDEBTEDNESS AND (B) PERFORMANCE OF ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTE, THE RELATED DOCUMENTS. AND THIS DEED OF TRUST.
THIS DEED OF TRUST 15 GIVEN AND ACCEPTED ON THE FOLLOWING TERMS: 

PAYMENT
ANO PERFORMANCE. Except as otherwise provided in this Deed of Trust, Granter shall pay to Lender all amounts secured by this Deed of
Trust as they become due, and shall strictly and in a timely manner perform all of Grantor s obligations under the Note, this Deed
of Trust, and the Related Documents. 

PURPOSE
OF LOAN. The Note in the amount of 805,000.00 represents, in part or in whole, cash or other financial accommodations advanced or committed
by Lender to Granter on February 10, 2022 at Grantor s request, of which Granter hereby acknowledges receipt. 

POSSESSION
AND MAINTENANCE OF THE PROPERTY. Granter agrees that Grantor s possession and use of the Property shall be governed by the following
provisions: 

Possession
and Use. Until the occurrence of an Event of Default, Granter may (1) remain in possession and control of the Property; (2) use, operate
or manage the Property; and (3) collect the Rents from the Property. 

Duty
to Maintain. Granter shall maintain the Property in tenantable condition and promptly perform all repairs, replacements, and maintenance
necessary to preserve its value. 

Compliance
With Environmental Laws. Granter represents and warrants to Lender that: (1) During the period of Grantor s ownership of the Property,
there has been no use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Substance
by any person on, under, about or from the Property; (2) Granter has no knowledge of, or reason to believe that there has been, except
as previously disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writing, (a) any breach or violation of any Environmental Laws, (b) any use.
generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Substance on. under, About or from
the Property by any prior owners or occupants of the Property, or (c) any actual or threatened litigation or claims of any kind by any
person relating to such matters; and (3) Except as previously disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writing, (a) neither Grantor
nor any tenant, contractor, agent or other authorized user of the Property shall use, generate, manufacture. store, treat, dispose of
or release any Hazardous Substance on, under, about or from the Property; and (b) any such activity shall be conducted in compliance
with all applicable federal, state, and local laws, regulations and ordinances, including without limitation all Environmental Laws.
Granter authorizes Lender and its agents to enter upon the Property to make such inspections and tests, at Grantor s expense, as
Lender may deem appropriate to determine compliance of the Property with this section of the Deed of Trust. Any inspections or tests
made by Lender shall be for Lender s purposes only and shall not be construed to create any responsibility or liability on the
part of Lender to Granter or to any other person. The representations and warranties contained herein are based on Grantor s due
diligence in investigating the Property for Hazardous Substances. Granter hereby (1) releases and waives any future claims against Lender
for indemnity or contribution in the event Granter becomes liable for cleanup or other costs under any such laws; and (2) agrees to indemnify,
defend. and hold harmless Lender against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, penalties, and expenses which Lender may directly
or indirectly sustain or suffer resulting from a breach of this section of the Ceed of Trust or as a consequence of any use, generation.
manufacture, storage. disposal. release or threatened release occurring prior to Grantor s ownership or interest in the Property,
whether or not the same was or should have been known to Granter. The provisions of this section of the Deed of Trust, including the
obligation to indemnify and defend. shall survive the payment of the Indebtedness and the satisfaction and reconveyance of the lien of
this Deed of Trust and shall not be affected by Lender s acquisition of any interest in the Property, whether by foreclosure or
otherwise. 

DEED
 OF TRUST 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 2 

Nuisance,
Waste. Granter shall not cause, conduct or permit any nuisance nor commit, permit, or suffer any stripping of or waste on or to the Property
or any portion of the Property. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Granter will not remove. or grant to any other party
the right to remove, any timber, minerals (including oil and gas), coal, clay, scoria, soil, gravel or rock products without Lender s
prior written consent. This restriction will not apply to rights and easements (such as gas and oil) not owned by Granter and of which
Granter has informed Lender in writing prior to Grantor s signing of this Deed of Trust. 

Removal
of Improvements. Grantor shall not demolish or remove any Improvements from the Real Property without Lender s prior written consent.
As a condition to the removal of any Improvements, Lender may require Granter to make arrangements satisfactory to Lender to replace
such Improvements with Improvements of at least equal value. 

Lender s
Right to Enter. Lender and Lender s agents and representatives may enter upon the Real Property at all reasonable times to attend
to Lender s interests and to inspect the Real Property for purposes of Grantor s compliance with the terms and conditions
of this Deed of Trust 

Compliance
with Governmental Requirements. Grantor shall promptly comply with all laws, ordinances. and regulations, now or hereafter 111 effect.
of all governmental authorities applicable to the use or occupancy of the Property, including without limitation. the Americans With
Disabilities Act. Grantor may contest in good faith any such law, ordinance, or regulation and withhold compliance during any proceeding.
including appropriate appeals, so long as Granter has notified Lender in writing prior to doing so and so long as, in Lender s
sole opinion. Lender s interests in the Property are not jeopardized. Lender may require Granter to post adequate security or a
surety bond. reasonably satisfactory to Lender, to protect Lender s interest. 

Duty
to Protect. Granter agrees neither to abandon or leave unattended the Property. Granter shall do all other acts, in addition to those
acts set fortt1 above in this section, which from the character and use of the Property are reasonably necessary to protect and preserve
the Property. 

DUE
ON SALE CONSENT BY LENDER. Lender may, at Lender s option, declare immediately due and payable all sums secured by this
Deed of Trust upon the sale or transfer, without Lender s prior written consent, of all or any part of the Real Property. or any
interest in the Real Property. A sale or transfer means the conveyance of Real Property or any right, title or interest
in the Real Property; whether legal, beneficial or equitable; whether voluntary or involuntary; whether by outright sale, deed, installment
sale contract. land contract. contract for deed, leasehold interest with a term greater than three (3) years, lease-option contract,
or by sale, assignment. or transfer of any beneficial interest in or to any land trust holding title to the Real Property, or by any
other method of conveyance of an interest in the Real Property. If any Grantor b a corporation, partnership or limited liability company,
transfer also includes any restructuring of the legal entity (whether by merger. division or otherwise) or any change in ownership of
more than twenty-five percent (25 of the voting stock, partnership interests or limited liability company interests, as the case may
be, of such Granter. However, this option shall not be exercised by Lender if such exercise is prot11b1ted by federal law or by Texas
law. 

TAXES
AND LIENS. The following provisions relating to the taxes and liens on the Property are part of this Deed of Trust: 

Payment.
Granter shall pay when due (and in all events prior to delinquency) all taxes, special taxes, assessments, charges (including water and
sewer). fines and impositions levied against or on account of the Property, and shall pay when due all claims for work done on or for
services rendered or material furnished to the Property. Granter shall maintain the Property free of all liens having priority over or
equal to the interest of Lender under this Deed of Trust, except for the lien of taxes and assessments not due and except as otherwise
provided Ill this Deed of Trust. 

Right
to Contest. Granter may withhold payment of any tax, assessment, or claim in connection with a good faith dispute over the obligation
to pay, so long as Lender s interest in the Property is not jeopardized. If a lien arises or is filed as a result of nonpayment,
Grantor shall within fifteen (15) days after the lien arises or, if a lien is filed, within fifteen (15) days after Granter has notice
of the filing. secure the discharge of the lien, or if requested by Lender, deposit with Lender cash or a sufficient corporate surety
bond or other security satisfactory to Lender in an amount sufficient to discharge the lien plus any costs and Lender s reasonable
attorneys fees. or other charges that could accrue as a result of a foreclosure or sale under the lien. In any contest, Granter
shall defend itself and Lender and shall satisfy any adverse judgment before enforcement against the Property. Grantor shall name Lender
as an additional obligee under any surety bond furnished in the contest proceedings. 

Evidence
of Payment. Granter shall upon demand furnish to Lender satisfactory evidence of payment of the taxes or assessments and shall authorize
the appropriate governmental official to deliver to Lender at any time a written statement of the taxes and assessments against the Property. 

Notice
of Construction. Granter shall notify Lender at least fifteen (15) days before any work is commenced, any services are furnished. or
any materials are supplied to the Property, if any mechanic s lien, materialmen s lien, or other lien could be asserted on
account of the work, services, or materials. Grantor will upon request of Lender furnish to Lender advance assurances satisfactory to
Lender that Granter can and will pay the cost of such improvements. 

PROPERTY
DAMAGE INSURANCE. The following provisions relating to insuring the Property are a part of this Deed of Trust 

Maintenance
of Insurance. Grantor shall procure and maintain policies of fire insurance with standard extended coverage endorsements on a replacement
basis for the full insurable value covering all Improvements on the Real Property in an amount sufficient to avoid application of any
coinsurance clause, and with a standard mortgagee clause in favor of Lender. Granter shall also procure and maintain comprehensive general
liability insurance in such coverage amounts as Lender may request with _Trustee and Lender being named as additional insureds in such
liability insurance policies. Additionally, Granter shall maintain such other insurance. including but not limited to hazard. business
interruption. and boiler insurance, as Lender may reasonably require. Policies shall be written in form, amounts. coverages and basis
reasonably acceptable to Lender, with losses made payable to Lender. GRANTOR MAY FURNISH THE REQUIRED INSURANCE WHETHER THROUGH EXISTING
POLICIES OWNED OR CONTROLLED BY GRANTOR OR THROUGH EQUIVALENT INSURANCE FROM ANY INSURANCE COMPANY AUTHORIZED TO TRANSACT BUSINESS IN
THE STATE OF TEXAS. If Grantor fails to provide any required insurance or fails to continue such insurance in force, Lender may, but
shall not be required to, do so at Grantor s expense. and the cost of the insurance will be added to the Indebtedness. If any such
insurance is procured by Lender, Granter will be so notified, and Granter will have the option of furnishing equivalent insurance through
any insurer authorized to transact business in Texas. Granter, upon request of Lender. will deliver to Lender from time to time the policies
or certificates of insurance in form satisfactory to Lender, including stipulations that coverages will not be cancelled or diminished
without at least thirty (30) days prior written notice to Lender. Each insurance policy also shall include an endorsement providing that
coverage in favor of Lender will not be impaired in any way by any act. omission or default of Granter or any other person. Should the
Real Property be located in an area designated by the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency as a special flood hazard
area, Grantor agrees to obtain and maintain flood insurance, if available, for the full unpaid principal balance of the loan and any
prior liens on the property securing the loan, up to the maximum policy limits set under the National flood Insurance Program. or as
otherwise required by Lender, and to maintain such insurance for the term of the loan. Flood insurance may be purchased under the National
Flood Insurance Program, from private insurers providing private flood insurance as defined by applicable federal flood
insurance statutes and regulations, or from another flood insurance provider that is both acceptable to Lender in its sole discretion
and permitted by applicable federal flood insurance statutes and regulations. 

DEED
 OF TRUST 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 3 

Application
of Proceeds. Granter shall promptly notify Lender of any loss or damage to the Property if the estimated cost of repair or replacement
exceeds 5,000.00. Lender may make proof of loss if Granter fails to do so within fifteen (15) days of the casualty. Whether or not Lender s
security is impaired, Lender may, at Lender s election, receive and retain the proceeds of any insurance and apply the proceeds
to the reduction of the Indebtedness, payment of any lien affecting the Property, or the restoration and repair of the Property. If Lender
elects to apply the proceeds to restoration and repair, Granter shall repair or replace the damaged or destroyed Improvements in a manner
satisfactory to Lender. Lender shall, upon satisfactory proof of such expenditure, pay or reimburse Granter from the proceeds for the
reasonable cost of repair or restoration if Granter is not in default under this Deed of Trust. Any proceeds which have not been d1 bursed
within 180 days after their receipt and which Lender has not committed to the repair or restoration of the Property shall be used first
to pay any amount owing to Lender under this Deed of Trust, then to pay accrued interest, and the remainder. if any, shall be applied
to the principal balance of the Indebtedness. If Lender holds any proceeds after payment in full of the Indebtedness. such proceeds shall
be paid to Granter as Grantor s interests may appear. 

Grantor s
Report on Insurance. Upon request of Lender, however not more than once a year, Granter shall furnish to Lender a report on each existing
policy of insurance showing: (1) the name of the insurer; (2) the risks insured; (3) the amount of the policy: (4) the property insured.
the then current replacement value of such property, and the manner of determining that value; and (5) the expiration date of the policy.
Granter shall, upon request of Lender, have an independent appraiser satisfactory to Lender determine the cash value replacement cost
of the Property. 

LENDER S
EXPENDITURES. If any action or proceeding is commenced that would materially affect Lender s interest in the Property or if Granter
fails to comply with any provision of this Deed of Trust or any Related Documents, including but not limited to Grantor s failure
to discharge or pay when due any amounts Granter is required to discharge or pay under this Deed of Trust or any Related Documents, Lender
on Grantor s behalf may (but shall not be obligated to) take any action that Lender deems appropriate, including but not limited
to discharging or paying all taxes. liens, security interests, encumbrances and other claims, at any time levied or placed on the Property
and paying all costs for insuring, maintaining and preserving the Property. All such expenditures incurred or paid by Lender for such
purposes will then bear interest at the rate charged under the Note from the date incurred or paid by Lender to the date of repayment
by Granter. To the extent permitted by applicable law. All such expenses will become a part of the Indebtedness and, at Lender s
option, will (A) be payable on demand; (B) be added to the balance of the Note and be apportioned among and be payable with any installment
payments to become due during either (1) the term of any applicable insurance policy; or (2) the remaining term of the Note; or (C) be
treated as a balloon payment which will be due and payable at the Note s maturity. The Deed of Trust also will secure payment of
these amounts. Such right shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies to which Lender may be entitled upon the occurrence of
any Event of Default. 

WARRANTY;
DEFENSE OF TITLE. The following provisions relating to ownership of the Property are a part of this Deed of Trust: 

Title.
Granter warrants that: (a) Granter holds good and marketable title of record to the Property in fee simple, free and clear of all liens
and encumbrances other than those set forth in the Real Property description or in any title insurance policy, title report, or final
title opinion 1 sued in favor of, and accepted by, Lender in connection with this Deed of Trust, and (b) Granter has the full right,
power, and authority to execute and deliver this Deed of Trust to Lender. 

Defense
of Title. Subject to the exception in the paragraph above, Granter warrants and will forever defend the title to the Property against
the lawful claims of all persons. In the event any action or proceeding is commenced that questions Grantor s title or the interest
of Trustee or Lender under this Deed of Trust, Granter shall defend the action at Grantor s expense. Granter may be the nominal
party in such proceeding, but Lender shall be entitled to participate in the proceeding and to be represented in the proceeding by counsel
of Lender s own choice, and Granter will deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Lender such instruments as Lender may request from
time to time to permit such participation. 

Compliance
With Laws. Granter warrants that the Property and Grantor s use of the Property complies with all existing applicable laws, ordinances.
and regulations of governmental authorities. 

Survival
of Representations and Warranties. All representations, warranties. and agreements made by Granter in this Deed of Trust shall survive
the execution and delivery of this Deed of Trust, shall be continuing in nature, and shall remain in full force and effect until
such time as Grantor s Indebtedness shall be paid in full. 

CONDEMNATION,
JUDGMENTS AND AWARDS. The following provisions relating to condemnation proceedings, judgments, decrees and awards for injury to the
Property are a part of this Deed of Trust: 

Proceedings.
If any proceeding in condemnation is filed, Granter shall promptly notify Lender in writing, and Granter shall promptly take such
steps as may be necessary to defend the action and obtain the award. Grantor may be the nominal party in such proceeding, but Lender
shall be entitled to participate in the proceeding and to be represented in the proceeding by counsel of its own choice, and Granter
will deliver or cause to be delivered to Lender such instruments and documentation as may be requested by Lender from time to time
to permit such participation. 

Application
of Net Proceeds. To the extent permitted by applicable law, all judgments, decrees and awards for injury or damage to the Property. or
any part of the Property, and awards pursuant to proceedings for condemnation of the Property, are hereby absolutely assigned to Lender.
and if all or any part of the Property is condemned by eminent domain proceedings or by any proceeding or purchase in lieu of condemnation,
Lender may at its election require that all or any portion of the net proceeds of the award be applied to the Indebtedness or the repair
or restoration of the Property. The net proceeds of the award, judgment or decree shall mean the award after payment of all reasonable
costs, expenses, and attorneys fees incurred by Trustee or Lender in connection with the condemnation. 

DEED
 OF TRUST 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 4 

SECURITY
AGREEMENT; FINANCING STATEMENTS. The following provisions relating to this Deed of Trust as a security agreement are a part of this Deed
of Trust: 

Security
Agreement. This instrument shall constitute a Security Agreement to the extent any of the Property constitutes fixtures, and Lender shall
have all of the rights of a secured party under the Uniform Commercial Code as amended from time to time. 

Security
Interest. Upon request by Lender, Granter shall take whatever action is requested by Lender to perfect and continue Lender s security
interest in the Rents and Personal Property. In addition to recording this Deed of Trust in the real property records, Lender may. at
any time and without further authorization from Granter, file executed counterparts, copies or reproductions of this Deed of Trust as
a financing statement. Grantor shall reimburse Lender for all expenses incurred in perfecting or continuing this security interest. Upon
default, Granter shall not remove, sever or detach the Personal Property from the Property. Upon default, Granter shalt assemble any
Personal Property not affixed to the Property in a manner and at a place reasonably convenient to Grantor and Lender and make it available
to Lender within three (3) days after receipt of written demand from Lender to the extent permitted by applicable law. 

Addresses.
The mailing addresses of Granter (debtor) and Lender (secured party) from which information concerning the security interest granted
by this Deed of Trust may be obtained (each as required by the Uniform Commercial Code) are as stated on the first page of this Deed
of Trust. 

FURTHER
ASSURANCES; ATTORNEY-IN-FACT. The following provisions relating to further assurances and attorney-in-fact are a part of this Deed of
Trust: 

Further
Assurances. At any time, and from time to time, upon request of Lender, Granter will make, execute and deliver. or will cause to be made.
executed or delivered, to Lender or to Lender s designee, and when requested by Lender. cause to be filed, recorded. retiled. or
rerecorded. as the case may be, at such times and in such offices and places as Lender may deem appropriate, any and all such mortgages.
deeds of trust, security deeds, security agreements, financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance.
certificates, and other documents as may, in the sole opinion of Lender, be necessary or desirable in order to effectuate, complete,
perfect, continue. or preserve (1) Grantor s obligations under the Note, this Deed of Trust, and the Related Documents, and (2)
the liens and security interests created by this Deed of Trust as first and prior liens on the Property. whether now owned or hereafter
acquired by Granter. Unless prohibited by law or Lender agrees to the contrary in writing, Granter shall reimburse Lender for all costs
and expenses incurred in connection with the matters referred to in this paragraph. 

Attorney-in-Fact.
If Granter fails to do any of the things referred to in the preceding paragraph, Lender may do so for and in the name of Granter and
at Grantor s expense. For such purposes, Granter hereby irrevocably appoints Lender as Grantor s attorney-in-fact for the
purpose of making. executing, delivering, filing, recording, and doing all other things as may be necessary or desirable, in
Lender s sole opinion. to accomplish the matters referred to in the preceding paragraph. 

FULL
PERFORMANCE. If Granter pays all the Indebtedness when due, and otherwise performs all the obligations imposed upon Grantor under this
Deed of Trust, Lender shall execute and deliver to Granter a release of this Deed of Trust lien and suitable statements of termination
of any financing statement on file evidencing Lender s security interest in the Rents and the Personal Property. However. it is
agreed that the payment of all the Indebtedness and performance of such obligations shall not terminate this Deed of Trust unless the
liens and interests created hereby are released by Lender by a proper recordable instrument. Any filing fees required by law shall be
paid by Granter, if permitted by applicable law. 

EVENTS
OF DEFAULT. Each of the following, at Lender s option, shall constitute an Event of Default under this Deed of
Trust: 

Payment
Default. Granter fails to make any payment when due under the Indebtedness. 

Other
Defaults. Granter fails to comply with or to perform any other term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this Deed of 
Trust or many of the Related Documents or to comply with or to perform any term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in any
other agreement between Lender and Granter. 

Compliance
Default. Failure to comply with any other term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this Deed of Trust the Note or in any
of the Related Documents. 

Default
on Other Payments. Failure of Granter within the time required by this Deed of Trust to make any payment for taxes or insurance. or any
other payment necessary to prevent filing of or to effect discharge of any lien. 

Environmental
Default. Failure of any party to comply with or perform when due any term, obligation. covenant or condition contained in any environmental
agreement executed in connection with the Property. 

Default
in Favor of Third Parties. Should Granter default under any loan, extension of credit, security agreement, purchase or sales agreement.
or any other agreement, in favor of any other creditor or person that may materially affect any of Grantor s property or Grantor s
ability to repay the Indebtedness or Grantor s ability to perform Grantor s obligations under this Deed of Trust or any of
 the Related Documents. 

False
Statements. Any warranty, representation or statement made or furnished to Lender by Granter or on Grantor s behalf under this
Deed of Trust or the Related Documents is false or misleading in any material respect, either now or at the time made or furnished or
becomes false or misleading at any time thereafter. 

Defective
Collateralization. This Deed of Trust or any of the Related Documents ceases to be in full force and effect (including failure of any
collateral document to create a valid and perfected security interest or lien) at any time and for any reason. 

Death
or Insolvency. The dissolution of Grantor s (regardless of whether election to continue is made), any member withdraws from the
limited liability company, or any other termination of Grantor s existence as a going business or the death of any member. the
insolvency of Granter. the appointment of a receiver for any part of Grantor s property, any assignment for the benefit of creditors.
any type of creditor workout. or the commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws by or against Granter. 

Creditor
or Forfeiture Proceedings. Commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings, whether by judicial proceeding. self-help. repossession
or any other method, by any creditor of Grantor or by any governmental agency against any property securing the Indebtedness. This includes
a garnishment of any of Grantor s accounts, including deposit accounts. with Lender. However, this Event of Default shall not apply
if there is a good faith dispute by Grantor as to the validity or reasonableness of the claim which is the basis of the creditor or forfeiture
proceeding and if Grantor gives Lender written notice of the creditor or forfeiture proceeding and deposits with Lender monies or a surety
bond for the creditor or forfeiture proceeding, in an amount determined by Lender. in its sole discretion, as being an adequate reserve
or bond for the dispute. 

DEED
 OF TRUST 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 5 

Breach
of Other Agreement. Any breach by Granter under the terms of any other agreement between Granter and Lender that is not remedied within
any grace period provided therein, including without limitation any agreement concerning any indebtedness or other obligation of Granter
to Lender, whether existing now or later. 

Events
Affecting Guarantor. Any of the preceding events occurs with, respect to any Guarantor of any of the Indebtedness or any Guarantor dies
or becomes incompetent, or revokes or disputes the validity of, or liability under, any Guaranty of the Indebtedness. 

Adverse
Change. A material adverse change occurs in Grantor s financial condition, or Lender believes the prospect of payment or performance
of the Indebtedness is impaired. 

Insecurity.
Lender in good faith believes itself insecure. 

Right
to Cure. If any default, other than a default in payment. is curable and if Granter has not been given a notice of a breach of the same
provision of this Deed of Trust within the preceding twelve (12) months, it may be cured if Granter, after Lender sends written notice
to Granter demanding cure of such default: (1) cures the default within fifteen (15) days; or (2) if the cure requires more than fifteen
(15) days, immediately initiates steps which Lender deems in Lender s sole discretion to be sufficient to cure the default and
thereafter continues and completes all reasonable and necessary steps sufficient to produce compliance as soon as reasonably practical. 

RIGHTS
AND REMEDIES ON DEFAULT. If an Event of Default occurs under this Deed of Trust, at any time thereafter, Trustee or Lender may exercise
any one or more of the following rights and remedies: 

Election
of Remedies. Election by Lender to pursue any remedy shall not exclude pursuit of any other remedy, and an election to make expenditures
or to take action to perform an obligation of Granter under this Deed of Trust, after Grantor s failure to perform, shall not affect
Lender s right to declare a default and exercise its remedies. 

Accelerate
Indebtedness. Lender may declare the unpaid principal balance of the Indebtedness due and payable. In no event will Granter be required
to pay any unearned interest. 

Foreclosure.
If Lender invokes the power of sale, Trustee, at the request of Lender, may sell all or any portion of the Property at public auction
to the highest bidder for cash at the location within the courthouse designated by the County Commissioners Court. or if no such area
has been designated, at the area designated in the notice of sale within the courthouse, between the hours of 10:00 A.M. and 4:00 P.M.
on the first Tuesday of any month, after the Trustee or its agent has given notice of the time and place of sale and of the property
to be sold as required by the Texas Property Code, as then amended. 

UCC
Remedies. With respect to all or any part of the Personal Property, Lender shall have all the rights and remedies of a secured party
under the Uniform Commercial Code. 

Collect
Rents. As additional security for the payment of the Indebtedness, Granter hereby assigns to Lender all Rents as defined in the Definitions
section of this Deed of Trust. Lender shall have the right at any time, and even though no Event of Default shall have occurred under
this Deed of Trust. to collect and receive the Rents. Lender shall provide any notice required by applicable law with regard to such
enforcement of its right to collect and receive the Rents. In addition, if the Property is vacant, Lender may rent or lease the Property.
Lender shall not be liable for its failure to rent the Property, to collect any Rents, or to exercise diligence in any matter relating
to the Rents: Lender shall be accountable only for Rents actually received. Lender neither has nor assumes any obligation as lessor or
landlord with respect to any occupant of the Property. Rents so received shall be applied by Lender first to the remaining unpaid balance
of the Indebtedness, in such order or manner as Lender shall elect, and the residue, if any, shall be paid to the person or persons legally
entitled to the residue. 

Trustee s
Powers. Granter hereby jointly and severally authorizes and empowers Trustee to sell all or any portion of the Property together or in
lots or parcels, as Trustee may deem expedient, and to execute and deliver to the purchaser or purchasers of such Property good and sufficient
deeds of conveyance of fee simple title, or of lesser estates, and bills of sale and assignments, with covenants of general warranty
made on Grantor s behalf. In no event shall Trustee be required to exhibit, present or display at any such sale any of the Property
to be sold at such sale, The Trustee making such sale shall receive the proceeds of the sale and shall apply the same as provided below.
Payment of the purchase price to Trustee shall satisfy the liability of the purchaser at any such sale of the Property. and such person
shall not be bound to look after the application of the proceeds. 

Appoint
Receiver. Lender shall have the right to have a receiver appointed to take possession of all or any part of the Property, with the power
to protect and preserve the Property. to operate the Property preceding foreclosure or sale. and to collect the Rents from the Property
and apply the proceeds, over and above the cost of the receivership, against the Indebtedness. The receiver may serve without bond if
permitted by law. Lender s right to the appointment of a receiver shall exist whether or not the apparent value of the Property
exceeds the Indebtedness by a substantial amount. Employment by Lender shall not disqualify a person from serving as a receiver. 

Tenancy
at Sufferance. If Granter remains in possession of the Property after the Property is sold as provided above or Lender otherwise
becomes entitled to possession of the Property upon default of Granter, Granter shall become a tenant at sufferance of Lender or the
purchaser of the Property and shall, at Lender s option, either (1) pay a reasonable rental for the use of the Property, (2)
vacate the Property immediately upon the demand of Lender, or (3) if such tenants refuse to surrender possession of the Property
upon demand, the purchase shall be entitled to institute and maintain the statutory action of forcible entry and detainer
and procure a writ of possession thereunder, and Granter expressly waives all damages sustained by reason thereof. 

Other
Remedies. Trustee or Lender shall have any other right or remedy provided in this Deed of Trust or the Note or available at law or in
equity. 

Sale
of the Property. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Granter hereby waives any and all rights to have the Property marshalled.
In exercising its rights and remedies, the Trustee or Lender shall be free to sell all or any part of the Property together or separately.
in one sale or by separate sales. Lender shall be entitled to bid at any public sale on all or any portion of the Property. Trustee may
convey all or any part of the Property to the highest bidder for cash with a general warranty binding Granter, subject to prior liens
and to other exceptions to conveyance and warranty. Granter waives all requirements of appraisement, if any. The affidavit of any person
having knowledge of the facts to the effect that proper notice as required by the Texas Property Code was given shall be prima facie evidence
of the fact that such notice was in fact given. Recitals and statements of fact in any notice or in any conveyance to the purchaser or
purchasers of the Property in any foreclosure sale under this Deed of Trust shall be prima facie evidence of the truth of such facts,
and all prerequisites and requirements necessary to the validity of any such sale shall be presumed to have been performed. Any sale
under the powers granted by this Deed of Trust shall be a perpetual bar against Granter, Grantor s heirs. successors, assigns and
legal representatives. 

DEED
 OF TRUST 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 6 

Proceeds.
Trustee shall pay the proceeds of any sale of the Property (a) first, to the expenses of foreclosure, including reasonable fees or charges
paid to the Trustee, including but not limited to fees for enforcing the lien, posting for sale, selling, or releasing the Property,
(b) tt1en to Lender the full amount of the Indebtedness, (c) then to any amount required by law to be paid before payment to Granter.
and (d) the balance. if any, to Granter. 

Attorneys 
Fees; Expenses. If Lender institutes any suit or action to enforce any of the terms of this Deed of Trust, Lender shall be entitled to
recover such sum as the court may adjudge reasonable as Lender s attorneys fees at trial and upon any appeal. Whether or
not any court action is involved, and to the extent not prohibited by law, all reasonable expenses Lender incurs that in Lender s
opinion are necessary at any time for the protection of its interest or the enforcement of its rights shall become a part of
the Indebtedness payable on demand and shall bear interest at the Note rate from the date of the expenditure until repaid. Expenses
covered by this paragraph include. without limitation. however subject to any limits under applicable law, Lender s reasonable
attorneys fees and Lender s legal expenses. whether or not there 1s a lawsuit, including Lender s reasonable attorneys 
fees and expenses for bankruptcy proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay or injunction), appeals, and any
anticipated post-judgment collection services, the cost of searching records. obtaining title reports (including foreclosure reports),
surveyors reports, and appraisal fees, title insurance, and fees for the Trustee. to the extent permitted by applicable law. Grantor
also will pay any court costs, in addition to all other sums provided by law. In the event of foreclosure of this Deed of Trust, Lender
shall be entitled to recover from Granter Lender s reasonable attorneys fees and actual disbursements that Lender necessarily
incurs in pursuing such foreclosure. 

POWERS
AND OBLIGATIONS OF TRUSTEE. The following provisions relating to the powers and obligations of Trustee are part of this Deed of Trust: 

Powers
of Trustee. In addition to all powers of Trustee arising as a matter of law, Trustee shall have the power to take the following actions
with respect to the Property upon the written request of Lender and Granter: (a) join in preparing and filing a map or plat of the Real
Property. including the dedication of streets or other rights to the public; (b) join in granting any easement or creating any restriction
on the Real Property: and (c) join in any subordination or other agreement affecting this Deed of Trust or the interest of Lender under
this Deed of Trust. 

Obligations
to Notify. Trustee shall not be obligated to notify any other lienholder of the Property of the commencement of a foreclosure proceeding
or of the commencement of any other action to which Lender may avail itself as a remedy, except to the extent required by applicable
law or by written agreement. 

Trustee.
In addition to the rights and remedies set forth above, with respect to all or any part of the Property. the Trustee shall have the right
to foreclose by notice and sale, and Lender shall have the right to foreclose by judicial foreclosure, in either case in accordance with
and to the full extent provided by applicable law. 

Substitute
Trustee. Lender, at Lender s option, from time to time, and more than once, may appoint in writing a successor or substitute trustee.
with or without cause. inducting the resignation, absence, death, inability, refusal or failure to act of the Trustee. The successor
or substitute trustee may be appointed without ever requiring the resignation of the former trustee and without any formality except
for the execution and acknowledgment of the appointment by the beneficiary of this Deed of Trust. The successor or substitute trustee
shall then succeed to all rights, obligations, and duties of the Trustee. This appointment may be made on Lender s behalf by the
President, any Vice President. Secretary. or Cashier of Lender. 

NOTICES.
Any notice required to be given under this Deed of Trust, including without limitation any notice of default and any notice of sale shall
be given in writing, and shall be effective when actually delivered, when actually received by telefacsimile (unless otherwise required
by law). when deposited with a nationally recognized overnight courier, or, if mailed, when deposited in the United States mail, as first
class. certified or registered mail postage prepaid, directed to the addresses shown near the beginning of this Deed of Trust. Any party
may change its address for notices under this Deed of Trust by giving formal written notice to the other parties. specifying that the
purpose of the notice is to change the party s address. For notice purposes, Granter agrees to keep Lender informed at all times
of Grantor s current address. Unless otherwise provided or required by law, if there is more than one Granter, any notice given
by Lender to any Granter is deemed to be notice given to all Granters. 

COUNTERPART
SIGNATURES. THIS DOCUMENT MAY BE SIGNED IN ANY NUMBER OF COUNTERPARTS ALL OF WHICH COMBINED SHALL BE CONSIDERED ONE AND THE SAME DOCUMENT. 

MISCELLANEOUS
PROVISIONS. The following miscellaneous provisions are a part of this Deed of Trust: 

Amendments.
This Deed of Trust, together with any Related Documents, constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of the parties as to the
matters set forth in this Deed of Trust. No alteration of or amendment to this Deed of Trust shall be effective unless given in writing
and signed by the party or parties sought to be charged or bound by the alteration or amendment. 

Annual
Reports. If the Property is used for purposes other than Grantor s residence, Grantor shall furnish to Lender, upon request, a
certified statement of net operating income received from the Property during Grantor s previous fiscal year in such form and detail
as Lender shall require. Net operating income shall mean all cash receipts from the Property less all cash expenditures
made in connection with the operation of the Property. 

Caption
Headings. Caption headings in this Deed of Trust are for convenience purposes only and are not to be used to interpret or define the
provisions of this Deed of Trust. 

Merger.
There shall be no merger of the interest or estate created by this Deed of Trust with any other interest or estate in the Property at
any t1rne held by or for the benefit of Lender in any capacity, without the written consent of Lender. 

Governing
Law. With respect to procedural matters related to the perfection and enforcement of Lender s rights against the Property,
this Deed of Trust will be governed by federal law applicable to Lender and to the extent not preempted by federal law, the laws of
the State of Texas. In all other respects, this Deed of Trust will be governed by federal law applicable to Lender and, to the
extent not preempted by federal law, the laws of the State of Minnesota without regard to Its conflicts of law provisions. However,
if there ever is a question about whether any provision of this Deed of Trust is valid or enforceable, the provision that is
questioned will be governed by whichever state or federal law would find the provision to be valid and enforceable. The loan
transaction that is evidenced by the Note and this Deed of Trust has been applied for, considered, approved and made, and all
necessary loan documents have been accepted by Lender in the State of Minnesota. 

DEED
 OF TRUST 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 7 

No
Waiver by Lender. Lender shall not be deemed to have waived any rights under this Deed of Trust unless such waiver is given in writing
and signed by Lender. No delay or omission on the part of Lender in exercising any right shall operate as a waiver of such right or any
other right. A waiver by Lender of a provision of this Deed of Trust shall not prejudice or constitute a waiver of Lender s right
otherwise to demand strict compliance with that provision or any other provision of this Deed of Trust. No prior waiver by Lender, nor
any course of dealing between Lender and Granter, shall constitute a waiver of any of Lender s rights or of any of Grantor s
obligations as to any future transactions. Whenever the consent of Lender is required under this Deed of Trust, the granting of such
consent by Lender in any instance shall not constitute continuing consent to subsequent instances where such consent is required and
in all cases such consent may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of Lender. 

Severability.
If a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this Deed of Trust to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any circumstance,
that finding shall not make the offending provision illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any other circumstance. If feasible, the
offending provision shall be considered modified so that it becomes legal, valid and enforceable. If the offending provision cannot be
so modified. it shall be considered deleted from this Deed of Trust. Unless otherwise required by law, the illegality, invalidity, or
unenforceability of any provision of this Deed of Trust shall not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any other provision
of this Deed of Trust. 

Statutory
Rights Not Waived. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Deed of Trust, Granter does not waive or agree to forego any of Grantor s
statutory rights unless the waiver of such a right is expressly authorized by law. 

Successors
and Assigns. Subject to any limitations stated in this Deed of Trust on transfer of Grantor s interest, this Deed of Trust shall
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and assigns. If ownership of the Property becomes vested in
a person other than Granter, Lender, without notice to Granter, may deal with Grantor s successors with reference to this Deed
of Trust and the Indebtedness by way of forbearance or extension without releasing Granter from the obligations of this Deed of Trust
or liability under the Indebtedness. 

Time
is of the Essence. Time is of the essence in the performance of this Deed of Trust. 

DEFINITIONS.
The following capitalized words and terms shall have the following meanings when used in this Deed of Trust. Unless specifically stated
to the contrary, all references to dollar amounts shall mean amounts in lawful money of the United States of America. Words and terms
used in the singular shall include the plural, and the plural shall include the singular, as the context may require. Words and terms
not otherwise defined in this Deed of Trust shall have the meanings attributed to such terms in the Uniform Commercial Code: 

Beneficiary.
The word Beneficiary means STEARNS BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, and its successors and assigns. 

Borrower.
The word Borrower means LEANDER ASSOCIATES, LTD. and includes all co-signers and co-makers signing the Note and all their
successors and assigns. 

Deed
of Trust. The words Deed of Trust mean this Deed of Trust among Granter, Lender, and Trustee, and includes without hm1tat1on
all assignment and security interest provisions relating to the Personal Property and Rents. 

Environmental
Laws. The words Environmental Laws mean any and all state, federal and local statutes, regulations and ordinances relating
to the protection of human health or the environment, including without limitation the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation,
and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601, et seq. CERCLA ), the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization
Act of 1986, Pub. L No. 99-499 SARA ), the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. Section 1801, et seq., the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901, et seq., or other applicable state or federal laws, rules, or regulations
adopted pursuant thereto. 

Event
of Default. The words Event of Default mean any of the events of default set forth in this Deed of Trust in the events
of default section of this Deed of Trust. 

Grantor.
The word Granter means LEANDER ASSOCIATES, LTD . 

Guarantor.
The word Guarantor means any guarantor, surety, or accommodation party of any or all of the Indebtedness. 

Guaranty.
The word Guaranty means the guaranty from Guarantor to Lender, including without limitation a guaranty of an or part of
the Note. 

Hazardous
Substances. The words Hazardous Substances mean materials that. because of their quantity, concentration or physical,
chemical or infectious characteristics. may cause or pose a present or potential hazard to human health or the environment when
improperly used. treated, stored, disposed of, generated, manufactured, transported or otherwise handled. The words Hazardous
Substances are used in their very broadest sense and include without limitation any and all hazardous or toxic substances,
materials or waste as defined by or listed under the Environmental Laws. The term Hazardous Substances also includes.
without limitation, petroleum and petroleum by-products or any fraction thereof and asbestos. 

Improvements.
The word Improvements means all existing and future improvements, buildings, structures, mobile homes affixed on the Real
Property, facilities, additions, replacements and other construction on the Real Property. 

Indebtedness.
The word Indebtedness means all principal, interest, and other amounts, costs and expenses payable under the Note or Related
Documents, together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications of, consolidations of and substitutions for the Note or Related
Documents and any amounts expended or advanced by Lender to discharge Grantor s obligations or expenses incurred by Trustee or
Lender to enforce Grantor s obligations under this Deed of Trust, together with interest on such amounts as provided in this Deed
of Trust. 

Lender.
The word Lender means STEARNS BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, its successors and assigns. 

Note.
The word Note means Promissory Note from Borrower to Lender in the original principal amount of 805.000.00 dated FEBRUARY
11, 2022, together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications of, refinancings of, consolidations of, and substitutions for the
note or credit agreement. The maturity date of the Note is February 10, 2023. NOTICE TO GRANTOR: THE NOTE CONTAINS A VARIABLE INTEREST
RATE. 

Personal
Property. The words Personal Property mean all equipment, fixtures, and other articles of personal property now or hereafter
owned by Granter, and now or hereafter attached or affixed to the Real Property; together with all accessions, parts. and_ additions
to. all replacements of, and all substitutions for, any of such property; and together with all proceeds (inducing without limitation
on all insurance proceeds and refunds of premiums) from any sale or other disposition of the Property. 

DEED
 OF TRUST 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 8 

Property.
The word Property means collectively the Real Property and the Personal Property. 

Real
Property. The words Real Property mean the real property, Interests, and rights, as further described In this Deed of Trust. 

Related
Documents. The words Related Documents means all promissory notes, credit agreements, loan agreements, environmental agreements.
guaranties. security agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust. security deeds, collateral mortgages. and all other instruments, agreements
and documents, whether now or hereafter existing. executed In connection with the Indebtedness. 

Rents.
The word Rents means all present and future rents. revenues, income, issues, royalties. profits. and other benefits derived
from tile Property. The word Rents shall also mean all Rents as defined in Chapter 64 of the Texas Property
Code. 

Trustee.
The word Trustee means GEORGE BARBER. ESQ., whose address is 1445 ROSS AVE. SUITE 3600. DALLAS. TX 75202 and any substitute
or successor trustees. 

GRANTOR
ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS DEED OF TRUST, AND GRANTOR AGREES TO ITS TERMS. 

GRANTOR: 

LEANDER ASSOCIATES, LTD. 

By: 

By: 

James
 T. Walesa, Authorized Officer of Leander Associates, LTD 

BJ
 Parrish, Authorized Officer of Leander Associates, LTD 

ASSIGNMENT
OF RENTS 

RECORDATION
REQUESTED BY: 

STEARNS
BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

 ST CLOUD OFFICE 

 4191
2ND ST S 

 ST.
CLOUD, MN 56301 

WHEN
RECORDED MAIL TO: 

STEARNS
BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

 4191 SO 2ND ST 

 ST
CLOUD, MN 56302-7338 

SEND
TAX NOTICES TO: 

LEANDER
ASSOCIATES, LTD. 

 8800
VILLAGE DR, STE 106 

SAN
 ANTONIO TX 78217 
 SPACE
 ABOVE THIS LINE 15 FOR RECORDER S USE ONLY 

THIS
ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS dated February 10, 2022, is made and executed between LEANDER ASSOCIATES, LTD., whose address is 8800 VILLAGE
DR, STE 106, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78217; A TEXAS LIMITED COMPANY (referred to below as Grantor and STEARNS BANK NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, whose address is 4191 2ND ST S, ST. CLOUD, MN 56301 (referred to below as Lender ). 

ASSIGNMENT.
For valuable consideration, Grantor hereby assigns, grants a continuing security interest in, and conveys to Lender all of Grantor s
right, title, and interest in and to the Rents from the following described Property located in WILLIAMSON County, State of Texas: 

See
EXHIBIT A, which is attached to this Assignment and made a part of this Assignment as if fully set forth herein. 

The
Property or its address is commonly known as 301 S BAGDAD ROAD, LEANDER, TX 78641. The Property tax identification number is R-487427. 

THIS
ASSIGNMENT IS GIVEN TO SECURE (1) PAYMENT OF THE INDEBTEDNESS AND (2) PERFORMANCE OF ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS OF GRANTOR UNDER THE NOTE,
THIS ASSIGNMENT, AND THE RELATED DOCUMENTS. THIS ASSIGNMENT IS GIVEN AND ACCEPTED ON THE FOLLOWING TERMS: 

PAYMENT
AND PERFORMANCE. Except as otherwise provided in this Assignment or any Related Documents, Grantor shall pay to Lender all amounts secured
by this Assignment as they become due, and shall strictly perform all of Grantor s obligations under this Assignment. Unless and
until Lender exercises its right to collect the Rents as provided below and so long as there is no default under this Assignment, Granter
may remain in possession and control of and operate and manage the Property and collect the Rents, provided that the granting of the
right to collect the Rents shall not constitute Lender s consent to the use of cash collateral in a bankruptcy proceeding. 

GRANTOR S
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Grantor warrants that: 

Ownership.
Granter is entitled to receive the Rents free and dear of all rights, loans, liens, encumbrances, and claims except as disclosed to
and accepted by Lender m writing. 

Right
to Assign. Granter has the full right, power and authority to enter into this Assignment and to assign and convey the Rents to Lender. 

No
Prior Assignment. Granter has not previously assigned or conveyed the Rents to any other person by any instrument now in force. 

No
Further Transfer. Granter will not sell, assign, encumber, or otherwise dispose of any of Grantor s rights in the Rents except
as provided m this Assignment. 

LENDER S
RIGHT TO RECEIVE ANO COLLECT RENTS. Lender shall have the right at any time, and even though no default shall have occurred under this
Assignment, to collect and receive the Rents. For this purpose, Lender is hereby given and granted the following rights, powers and authority 

Notice
to Tenants. Lender may send notices to any and all tenants of the Property advising them of this Assignment and directing all Rents to
be paid directly to Lender or Lender s agent. 

Enter
the Property. Lender may enter upon and take possession of the Property; demand, collect and receive from the tenants or from any other
persons liable therefor, all of the Rents; institute and carry on all legal proceedings necessary for the protection of the Property,
including such proceedings as may be necessary to recover possession of the Property; collect the Rents and remove any tenant or tenants
or other persons from the Property. 

Maintain
the Property. Lender may enter upon the Property to maintain the Property and keep the same in repair; to pay the costs thereof and of
all services of all employees, including their equipment, and of all continuing costs and expenses of maintaining the Property in proper
repair and condition, and also to pay all taxes, assessments and water utilities, and the premiums on fire and other insurance effected
by Lender on the Property. 

Compliance
with Laws. Lender may do any and all things to execute and comply with the laws of the State of Texas and also all other laws, rules.
orders. ordinances and requirements of all other governmental agencies affecting the Property. 

Lease
the Property. Lender may rent or lease the whole or any part of the Property for such term or terms and on such conditions as Lender
may deem appropriate. 

Employ
Agents. Lender may engage such agent or agents as Lender may deem appropriate, either in Lender s name or in Grantor s name. 

to rent and manage the Property, including the collection and application of Rents. 

ASSIGNMENT
 OF RENTS 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 2 

Other
Acts. Lender may do all such other things and acts with respect to the Property as Lender may deem appropriate and may act exclusively
and solely in the place and stead of Granter and to have all of the powers of Granter for the purposes stated above. 

No
Requirement to Act. Lender shall not be required to do any of the foregoing acts or things, and the fact that Lender shall have performed
one or more of the foregoing acts or things shall not require Lender to do any other specific act or thing. 

APPLICATION
OF RENTS. All costs and expenses incurred by Lender in connection with the Property shall be for Grantor s account and Lender may
pay such costs and expenses from the Rents. Lender, in its sole discretion, shall determine the application of any and all Rents received
by it: however, any such Rents received by Lender which are not applied to such costs and expenses shall be applied to the Indebtedness.
All expenditures made by Lender under this Assignment and not reimbursed from the Rents shall become a part of the Indebtedness secured
by this Assignment, and shall be payable on demand. with interest at the Note rate from date of expenditure until paid. 

FULL
PERFORMANCE. If Granter pays all of the Indebtedness when due and otherwise performs all the obligations imposed upon Granter under this
Assignment, the Note, and the Related Documents, Lender shall execute and deliver to Granter a suitable satisfaction of this Assignment
and suitable statements of termination of any financing statement on file evidencing Lender s security interest in the Rents and
the Property. Any termination fee required by law shall be paid by Granter, if permitted by applicable law. 

LENDER S
EXPENDITURES. If any action or proceeding is commenced that would materially affect Lender s interest in the Property or if Granter
fails to comply with any provision of this Assignment or any Related Documents, including but not limited to Grantor s failure
to discharge or pay when due any amounts Granter is required to discharge or pay under this Assignment or any Related Documents, Lender
on Grantor s behalf may (but shalt not be obligated to) take any action that Lender deems appropriate, including but not limited
to discharging or paying all taxes. liens. security interests, encumbrances and other claims, at any time levied or placed on the Rents
or the Property and paying all costs for insuring. maintaining and preserving the Property. All such expenditures incurred or paid by
Lender for such purposes will then bear interest at the rate charged under the Note from the date incurred or paid by Lender to the date
of repayment by Granter. To the extent permitted by applicable law. all such expenses will become a part of the Indebtedness and, at
Lender s option, will (A) be payable on demand; (B) be added to the balance of the Note and be apportioned among and be payable
with any installment payments to become due during either (1) the term of any applicable insurance policy; or (2) the remaining term
of the Note; or (C) be treated as a balloon payment which will be due and payable at the Note s maturity. The Assignment also will
secure payment of these amounts. Such right shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies to which Lender may be entitled upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default. 

DEFAULT.
Each of the following, at Lender s option, shall constitute an Event of Default under this Assignment: 

Payment
Default. Granter fails to make any payment when due under the Indebtedness. 

Other
Defaults. Granter fails to comply with or to perform any other term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this Assignment or
in any of the Related Documents or to comply with or to perform any term, obligation. covenant or condition contained in any other agreement
between Lender and Granter. 

Default
on Other Payments. Failure of Granter within the time required by this Assignment to make any payment for taxes or insurance. or any
other payment necessary to prevent filing of or to effect discharge of any lien. 

Default
in Favor of Third Parties. Any guarantor or Granter defaults under any loan, extension of credit, security agreement. purchase or sales
agreement, or any other agreement, in favor of any other creditor or person that may materially affect any of any guarantor s or
Grantor s property or ability to perform their respective obligations under this Assignment or any of the Related Documents. 

Environmental
Default. Failure of any party to comply With or Perform when due any term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in any environmental
agreement executed in connection with the Property. 

False
Statements. Any warranty, representation or statement made or furnished to Lender by Granter or on Grantor s behalf under this
Assignment or the Related Documents is false or misleading in any material respect, either now or at the time made or furnished or becomes
false or misleading at any time thereafter. 

Defective
Collateralization. This Assignment or any of the Related Documents ceases to be in full force and effect (including failure of any collateral
document to create a valid and perfected security interest or lien) at any time and for any reason. 

Death
or Insolvency. The dissolution of Grantor s (regardless of whether election to continue is made). any member withdraws from the
limited liability company, or any other termination of Grantor s existence as a going business or the death of any member. the
insolvency of Granter. the appointment of a receiver for any part of Grantor s property, any assignment for the benefit of creditors.
any type of creditor workout. or the commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws by or against Granter. 

Creditor
or Forfeiture Proceedings. Commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings, whether by judicial proceeding, self-help, repossession
or any other method, by any creditor of Granter or by any governmental agency against the Rents or any property securing the Indebtedness.
This includes a garnishment of any of Grantor s accounts, including deposit accounts, with Lender. However, this Event of Default
shall not apply if there is a good faith dispute by Granter as to the validity or reasonableness of the claim which is the basis of the
creditor or forfeiture proceeding and if Grantor gives Lender written notice of the creditor or forfeiture proceeding and deposits with
Lender monies or a surety bond for the creditor or forfeiture proceeding, in an amount determined by Lender, in its sole discretion,
as being an adequate reserve or bond for the dispute. 

Property
Damage or Loss. The Property is lost, stolen, substantially damaged, sold, or borrowed against. 

Events
Affecting Guarantor. Any of the preceding events occurs with respect to any Guarantor of any of the Indebtedness or any Guarantor dies
or becomes incompetent, or revokes or disputes the validity of, or liability under. any Guaranty of the Indebtedness. 

Adverse
Change. A material adverse change occurs in Grantor s financial condition, or Lender believes the prospect of payment or performance
of the Indebtedness is impaired. 

Insecurity.
Lender in good faith believes itself insecure. 

Cure
Provisions. If any default, other than a default in payment, is curable and if Granter has not been given a notice of a breach of the
same provision of this Assignment within the preceding twelve (12) months, it may be cured if Granter, after Lender sends written notice
to Granter demanding cure of such default: (1) cures the default within fifteen (15) days; or (2) if the cure requires more than fifteen
(15) days, immediately initiates steps which Lender deems in Lender s sole discretion to be sufficient to cure the default and
thereafter continues and completes all reasonable and necessary steps sufficient to produce compliance as soon as reasonably practical. 

ASSIGNMENT
 OF RENTS 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 3 

RIGHTS
AND REMEDIES ON DEFAULT. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default and at any time thereafter, Lender may exercise any one or more
of the following rights and remedies, in addition to any other rights or remedies provided by law: 

Accelerate
Indebtedness. Lender shall have the right at its option without notice to Granter to declare the entire Indebtedness immediately due
and payable, including any prepayment penalty that Granter would be required to pay. 

Collect
Rents. Lender shall have the right, upon providing c1ny notice under applicable law, to take possession of the Property and collect the
Rents. including amounts past due and unpaid, and apply the net proceeds, over and above Lender s costs, against the Indebtedness.
In furtherance of this right, Lender shall have all the rights provided for in the Lender s Right to Receive and Collect Rents
Section, above. If the Rents are collected by Lender, then Granter irrevocably designates Lender as Grantor s attorney-in-fact
to endorse instruments received in payment thereof in the name of Granter and to negotiate the same and collect the proceeds. Payments
by tenants or other users to Lender in response to Lender s demand shall satisfy the obligations for which the payments
are made, whether or not any proper grounds for the demand existed. Lender may exercise its rights under this subparagraph either in
person, by agent, or through a receiver 

Appoint
Receiver. Lender shall have the right to have a receiver appointed to take possession of all or any part of the Property, with the power
to protect and preserve the Property, to operate the Property preceding foreclosure or sale, and to collect the Rents from the Property
and apply the proceeds, over and above the cost of the receivership, against the Indebtedness. The receiver may serve without bond if
permitted by law. Lender s right to the appointment of a receiver shall exist whether or not the apparent value of the Property
exceeds the Indebtedness by a substantial amount. Employment by Lender shall not disqualify a person from serving as a receiver. 

Other
Remedies. Lender shall have all other rights and remedies provided in this Assignment or the Note or by law. 

Election
of Remedies. Election by Lender to pursue any remedy shall not exclude pursuit of any other remedy. and an election to make expenditures
or to take action to perform an obligation of Granter under this Assignment. after Grantor s failure to perform, shall not affect
Lender s right to declare a default and exercise its remedies. 

Attorneys 
fees; Expenses. If Lender institutes any suit or action to enforce any of the terms of this Assignment, Lender shall be entitled to recover
such sum as the court may adjudge reasonable as Lender s attorneys fees at trial and upon any appeal. Whether or not any
court action is involved. and to the extent not prohibited by law, all reasonable expenses Lender incurs that in Lender s opinion
are necessary at any time for the protection of its interest or the enforcement of its rights shall become a part of the Indebtedness
payable on demand and shall bear interest at the Note rate from the date of the expenditure until repaid. Expenses covered by this paragraph
include. without limitation. however subject to any limits under applicable law, Lender s reasonable attorneys fees and
Lender s legal expenses. whether or not there is a lawsuit, including Lender s reasonable attorneys fees and expenses
for bankruptcy proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay or injunction), appeals, and any anticipated post-judgment
collection services, the cost of searching records, obtaining title reports (including foreclosure reports), surveyors reports,
and appraisal fees, title insurance, and fees for the Trustee. to the extent permitted by applicable law. Granter also will pay any court
costs. in addition to all other sums provided by law. In the event of foreclosure of this Assignment, Lender shall be entitled to recover
from Granter Lender s reasonable attorneys fees and actual disbursements that Lender necessarily incurs in pursuing such
foreclosure. 

COUNTERPART
SIGNATURES . THIS DOCUMENT MAY BE SIGNED IN ANY NUMBER OF COUNTERPARTS ALL OF WHICH COMBINED SHALL BE CONSIDERED ONE AND THE SAME
DOCUMENT. 

MISCELLANEOUS
PROVISIONS. The following miscellaneous pr0visions are a part of this Assignment: 

Amendments.
This Assignment, together with any Related Documents, constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of the parties as to the matters
set forth in this Assignment. No alteration of or amendment to this Assignment shall be effective unless given in writing and signed
by the party or parties sought to be charged or bound by the alteration or amendment. 

Caption
Headings. Caption headings in this Assignment are for convenience purposes only and are not to be used to interpret or define the provisions
of this Assignment. 

Governing
Law. With respect to procedural matters related to the perfection and enforcement of Lender s rights against the Property, this
Assignment will be governed by federal law applicable to Lender and to the extent not preempted by federal law, the laws of the State
of Texas. In all other respects. this Assignment will be governed by federal law applicable to Lender and, to the extent not preempted
by federal law. the laws of the State of Minnesota without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. However, if there ever is a question
about whether any provision of this Assignment is valid or enforceable, the provision that is questioned will be governed by whichever
state or federal law would find the provision to be valid and enforceable. The loan transaction that Is evidenced by the Note and this
Assignment has been applied for, considered, approved and made, and all necessary loan documents have been accepted by Lender in the
State of Minnesota. 

Merger.
There shall be no merger of the interest or estate created by this Assignment with any other interest or estate in the Property at any
time held by or for the benefit of Lender in any capacity, without the written consent of Lender. 

Interpretation.
(1) In all cases where there is more than one Borrower or Granter, then all words used in this Assignment in the singular shall be deemed
to have been used in the plural where the context and construction so require. (2) If more than one person signs this Assignment as Granter, 
the obligations of each Grantor are joint and several. This means that If Lender brings a lawsuit Lender may sue any one or more of the
Granters. If Borrower and Granter are not the same person, Lender need not sue Borrower first, and that Borrower need not be joined in
any lawsuit. (3) The names given to paragraphs or sections in this Assignment are for convenience purposes only. They are not to be used
to interpret or define the provisions of this Assignment. 

No
Waiver by Lender. Lender shall not be deemed to have waived any rights under this Assignment unless such waiver is given in writing and
signed by Lender. No delay or omission on the part of Lender in exercising any right shall operate as a waiver of such right or any other
right. A waiver by Lender of a provision of this Assignment shall not prejudice or constitute a waiver of Lender s right otherwise
to demand strict compliance with that provision or any other provision of this Assignment. No prior waiver by Lender, nor any course
of dealing between Lender and Granter, shall constitute a waiver of any of Lender s rights or of any of Grantor s obligations
as to any future transactions. Whenever the consent of Lender is required under this Assignment, the granting of such consent by Lender
in any instance shall not constitute continuing consent to subsequent instances where such consent is required and in all cases such
consent may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of Lender. 

ASSIGNMENT
 OF RENTS 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 4 

Notices.
Any notice required to be given under this Assignment shall be given in writing, and shall be effective when actually delivered, when
actually received by telefacsimile (unless otherwise required by law), when deposited with a nationally recognized overnight courier,
or. if mailed. when deposited in the United States mail, as first class, certified or registered mail postage prepaid, directed to the
addresses st1own near the beginning of this Assignment. Any party may change its address for notices under this Assignment by giving
formal written notice to the other parties, specifying that the purpose of the notice is to change the party s address. For notice
purposes, Grantor agrees to keep Lender informed at all times of Grantor s current address. Unless otherwise provided or required
by law, if there is more than one Granter, any notice given by Lender to any Granter is deemed to be notice given to all Granters. 

Powers
of Attorney. The various agencies and powers of attorney conveyed on Lender under this Assignment are granted for purposes of security
and may not be revoked by Granter until such time as the same are renounced by Lender. 

Severability.
If a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this Assignment to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any circumstance,
that finding shall not make the offending provision illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any other circumstance. If feasible, the
offending provision shall be considered modified so that it becomes legal, valid and enforceable. If the offending provision cannot be
so modified, it shall be considered deleted from this Assignment. Unless otherwise required by law, the illegality, invalidity, or unenforceability
of any provision of this Assignment shall not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Assignment. 

Statutory
Rights Not Waived. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Assignment, Granter does not waive or agree to forego any of Grantor s
statutory rights unless the waiver of such a right is expressly authorized by law. 

Successors
and Assigns. Subject to any limitations stated in this Assignment on transfer of Grantor s interest, this Assignment shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and assigns. If ownership of the Property becomes vested in a person other
than Granter. Lender. without notice to Granter. may deal with Grantor s successors with reference to this Assignment and the Indebtedness
by way of forbearance or extension without releasing Granter from the obligations of this Assignment or liability under the Indebtedness. 

Time
is of the Essence. Time is of the essence in the performance of this Assignment. 

Waiver
of Right of Redemption. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OF THE PROVISIONS TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THIS ASSIGNMENT. GRANTOR HEREBY WAIVES ANY
AND ALL RIGHTS OF REDEMPTION FROM SALE UNDER ANY ORDER OR JUDGMENT OF FORECLOSURE ON GRANTOR S BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF EACH AND
EVERY PERSON, EXCEPT JUDGMENT CREDITORS OF GRANTOR. ACQUIRING ANY INTEREST IN OR TITLE TO THE PROPERTY SUBSEQUENT TO THE DATE
OF THIS ASSIGNMENT. 

DEFINITIONS.
The following capitalized words and terms shall have the following meanings when used in this Assignment. Unless specifically stated
to the contrary, all references to dollar amounts shall mean amounts in lawful money of the United States of America. Words and
terms used in the singular shall include the plural, and the plural shall include the singular, as the context may require. Words
and terms not otherwise defined in this Assignment shall have the meanings attributed to such terms in the Uniform Commercial
Code: 

Assignment.
The word Assignment means this ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS, as this ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS may be amended or modified from time to
time. together with all exhibits and schedules attached to this ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS from time to time. 

Borrower.
The word Borrower means LEANDER ASSOCIATES, LTD . 

Event
of Default. The words Event of Default mean any of the events of default set forth in this Assignment in the default section of
this Assignment. 

Grantor.
The word Grantor means LEANDER ASSOCIATES, LTD. 

Guarantor.
The word Guarantor means any guarantor, surety, or accommodation party of any or all of the Indebtedness. 

Guaranty.
The word Guaranty means the guaranty from Guarantor to Lender, including without limitation a guaranty of all or part of
the Note. 

Indebtedness.
The word Indebtedness means all principal, interest, and other amounts, costs and expenses payable under the Note or Related
Documents, together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications of, consolidations of and substitutions for the Note or Related
Documents and any amounts expended or advanced by Lender to discharge Grantor s obligations or expenses incurred by Lender to enforce
Grantor s obligations under this Assignment. together with interest on such amounts as provided in this Assignment. 

Lender.
The word Lender means STEARNS BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, its successors and assigns. 

Note.
The word Note means Promissory Note from Borrower to Lender in the original principal amount of 805,000.00 dated FEBRUARY
11. 2022, together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications of, refinancings of, consolidations of. and substitutions for the
note or credit agreement. 

Property.
The word Property means all of Grantor s right, title and interest in and to all the Property as described in the
 Assignment section of this Assignment. 

Related
Documents. The words Related Documents mean all promissory notes, credit agreements, loan agreements, environmental agreements.
guaranties, security agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, security deeds, collateral mortgages, and all other instruments, agreements
and documents. whether now or hereafter existing, executed in connection with the Indebtedness. 

Rents.
The word Rents means all of Grantor s present and future rights, title and interest in, to and under any and all
present and future leases. inducting, without limitation, all rents, revenue, income, issues, royalties, bonuses, accounts receivable,
cash or security deposits, advance rentals. profits and proceeds from the Property, and other payments and benefits derived or to be
derived from such leases of every kind and nature, whether due now or later, inducting without limitation Grantor s right to enforce
such leases and to receive and collect payment and proceeds thereunder. The word Rents shall also mean all Rents 
as defined in Chapter 64 of the Texas Property Code. 

ASSIGNMENT
 OF RENTS 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 5 

THE
UNDERSIGNED ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS ASSIGNMENT, AND NOT PERSONALLY BUT AS AN AUTHORIZED SIGNER, HAS CAUSED
THIS ASSIGNMENT TO BE SIGNED AND EXECUTED ON BEHALF OF GRANTOR ON FEBRUARY 10, 2022. 

GRANTOR: 

LEANDER ASSOCIATES, LTD. 

By: 

By: 

James
 T. Walesa, Authorized Officer of Leander Associates, LTD 

BJ
 Parrish, Authorized Officer of Leander Associates, LTD 

LIMIED
LIABILITY COMPANY ACKNOWLEDGMENT 

STATE
 OF Florida 
 
 ss 

COUNTY
 OF Collier 

This
instrument was acknowledged before me on February 10 th , 2022 by JAMES T. WALESA, AUTHORIZED OFFICER of LEANDER ASSOCIATES,
LTD. and BJ PARRISH, AUTHORIZED OFFICER of Leander Associates Ltd., a Texas limited liability company, on behalf of said limited liability
company. 

Notary
 Public, State of Florida 

HAZARDOUS
SUBSTANCES CERTIFICATE AND INDEMNITY AGREEMENT 

RECORDATION
REQUESTED BY: 

 STEARNS BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

 ST CLOUD OFFICE 

 4191
2ND ST S 

 ST.
CLOUD. MN 56301 

WHEN
RECORDED MAIL TO: 

 STEARNS
BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

 4191 SO 2ND ST 

 ST
CLOUD, MN 56302-7338 

SEND
 TAX NOTICES TO: 

LEANDER
 ASSOCIATES, LTD. 

8800
 VILLAGE DR, STE 106 

SAN
 ANTONIO TX 78217 
 SPACE
 ABOVE THIS LINE IS FOR RECORDER S USE ONLY 

THIS
HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES AGREEMENT dated February 10, 2022, is made and executed among LEANDER ASSOCIATES, LTD., whose address is 8800 VILLAGE
DR, STE 106, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78217 (sometimes referred to below as Borrower and sometimes as indemnitor ); and STEARNS BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, ST CLOUD OFFICE,
4191 2ND ST S, ST. CLOUD, MN 56301 (referred to below as Lender ). For good and valuable consideration and to induce Lender
to make a loan to Borrower, each party executing this Agreement hereby represents and agrees with Lender as follows: 

PROPERTY
DESCRIPTION. The word Property as used in this Agreement means the following Real Property located in WILLIAMSON County. 

State
of Texas: 

See
EXHIBIT A, which is attached to this Agreement and made a part of this Agreement as if fully set forth herein. 

The
Real Property or its address is commonly known as 301 S BAGDAD ROAD, LEANDER. TX 78641. The Real Property tax identification number is
R-487427. 

REPRESENTATIONS.
The following representations are made to Lender, subject to disclosures made and accepted by Lender in writing: 

Use
of Property. After due inquiry and investigation, Indemnitor has no knowledge, or reason to believe, that there has been any use. generation,
manufacture, storage, treatment, refinement, transportation, disposal, release. or threatened release of any Hazardous Substances by
any person on. under, or about the Property. 

Hazardous
Substances. After due inquiry and investigation, Indemnitor has no knowledge. or reason to believe, that tt1e Property. whenever and
whether owned by previous Occupants, has ever contained asbestos, PCBs, lead paints or other Hazardous Substances. whether used in construction
or stored on the Property. 

No
Notices. Indemnitor has received no summons, citation, directive, letter or other communication. written or oral. from any agency or
department of any county or state or the U.S. Government concerning any intentional or unintentional action or omission on, under, or
about the Property which has resulted in the releasing, spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying or dumping of Hazardous
Substances into any waters, ambient air or onto any lands or where damage may have resulted to the lands, waters, fish, shellfish, wildlife,
biota, air or other natural resources. 

AFFIRMATIVE
COVENANTS. Indemnitor covenants with Lender as follows: 

Use
of Property. Indemnitor will not use and does not intend to use the Property to generate, manufacture. refine, transport, treat, store,
handle or dispose of any Hazardous Substances, PCBs, lead paint or asbestos. 

Compliance
with Environmental Laws. Indemnitor shall cause the Property and the operations conducted on it to comply with any and all Environmental
Laws and orders of any governmental authorities having jurisdiction under any Environmental Laws and shall obtain. keep in effect and
comply with all governmental permits and authorizations required by Environmental Laws with respect to such Property or operations. Indemnitor
shall furnish Lender with copies of all such permits and authorizations and any amendments or renewals of them and shall notify Lender
of any expiration or revocation of such permits or authorizations. 

Preventive, Investigatory and Remedial
Action. Indemnitor shall exercise extreme care in handling Hazardous Substances if Indemnitor uses or encounters any. Indemnitor, at Indemnitor s
expense, shall undertake any and all preventive investigatory or remedial action (including emergency response. removal, containment
and other remedial action) (a) required by any applicable Environmental Laws or orders by any governmental authority having jurisdiction
under Environmental Laws, or (b) necessary to prevent or minimize property damage (including damage to Occupant s own property),
personal injury or damage to the environment. or the threat of any such damage or injury, by releases of or exposure to Hazardous Substances
in connection with the Property or operations of any Occupant on the Property. In the event Indemnitor fails to perform any of Indemnitor s
obligations under this section of the Agreement, Lender may (but shall not be required to) perform such obligations at Indemnitor s
expense. All such costs and expenses incurred by Lender under this section and otherwise under this Agreement shall be reimbursed by Indemnitor
to Lender upon demand with interest at the Note default rate, or in the absence of a default rate, at the Note interest rate. Lender and
Indemnitor intend that Lender shall have full recourse to Indemnitor for any sum at any time due to Lender under this Agreement. In performing
any such obligations of Indemnitor, Lender shall at all times be deemed to be the agent of Indemnitor and shall not by reason of such
performance be deemed to be assuming any responsibility of Indemnitor under any Environmental Law or to any third party. Indemnitor hereby
irrevocably appoints Lender as Indemnitor s attorney-in-fact with full power to perform such of Indemnitor s obligations under
this section of the Agreement as Lender deems necessary and appropriate. 

Notices.
Indemnitor shall immediately notify Lender upon becoming aware of any of the following: 

(1) 
 Any
 spill, release or disposal of a Hazardous Substance on any of the Property, or in connection with any of its operations if such spill,
 release or disposal must be reported to any governmental authority under applicable Environmental Laws. 

(2) 
 Any
 contamination, or imminent threat of contamination, of the Property by Hazardous Substances, or any violation of Environmental Laws
 in connection with the Property or the operations conducted on the Property. 

HAZARDOUS
 SUBSTANCES AGREEMENT 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 2 

(3) 
 Any
 order, notice of violation, fine or penalty or other similar action by any governmental authority relating to Hazardous Substances
 or Environmental Laws and the Property or the operations conducted on the Property. 

(4) 
 Any
 judicial or administrative investigation or proceeding relating to Hazardous Substances or Environmental Laws and to the Property
 or the operations conducted on the Property. 

(5) 
 Any
 matters relating to Hazardous Substances or Environmental Laws that would give a reasonably prudent Lender cause to be concerned
 that the value of Lender s security interest in the Property may be reduced or threatened or that may impair, or threaten to
 impair, Indemnitor s ability to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement when such performance is due. 

Access
to Records. Indemnitor shall deliver to Lender, at Lender s request, copies of any and all documents in Indemnitor s possession
or to which it has access relating to Hazardous Substances or Environmental Laws and the Property and the operations conducted on the
Property, including without limitation results of laboratory analyses, site assessments or studies, environmental audit reports and other
consultants studies and reports. 

Inspections. Lender reserves the right to inspect and investigate the Property and operations on it at any time and
from time to time, and Indemnitor shall cooperate fully with Lender in such inspection and investigations. If Lender at any time has reason
to believe that Indemnitor or any Occupants of the Property are not complying with all applicable Environmental Laws or with the requirements
of this Agreement or that a material spill, release or disposal of Hazardous Substances has occurred on or under the Property, Lender
may require Indemnitor to furnish Lender at Indemnitor s expense an environmental audit or a site assessment with respect to the
matters of concern to Lender. Such audit or assessment shall be performed by a qualified consultant approved by Lender. Any inspections
or tests made by Lender shall be for Lender s purposes only and shall not be construed to create any responsibility or liability
on the part of Lender to any Indemnitor or to any other person. 

INDEMNITOR S
WAIVER AND INDEMNIFICATION. Indemnitor hereby agrees to and shall indemnify. defend. and hold ham1less Lender and Lender s officers.
directors, employees and agents, and Lender s successors and assigns and their officers, directors, employees and agents from and
against any and all claims, demands. losses, liabilities, costs, fines, penalties and expenses (including without limitation attorneys 
fees at trial and on any appeal or petition for review, consultants fees, remedial action costs, natural resource damages and
diminution in value) incurred by such person (a) arising out of or relating to any investigatory or remedial action involving the Property,
the operations conducted on the Property. or any other operations of Indemnitor or any Occupant and required by Environmental Laws or
by orders of any governmental authority having jurisdiction under any Environmental Laws, including without limitation any natural resource
damages, or (b) arising out of or related to any noncompliance with or violation of Environmental Laws or any applicable permits or approvals,
or (c) on account of injury to Lender or any person whatsoever or damage to any property arising out of, in connection with, or in any
way relating to (i) the breach of any covenant. representation or warranty contained in this Agreement, (ii) the violation of any Environmental
Laws, permits, authorizations or approvals, (iii) the use. treatment, storage, generation, manufacture, transport, release, spill, disposal
or other handling of Hazardous Substances on the Property, or (iv) the contamination of any of the Property by, or the presence, release
or threatened release of, Hazardous Substances by 3ny means whatsoever (explicitly including without limitation any presently existing
contamination of the Property, whether or not previously disclosed to Lender), or (d) pursuant to this Agreement Indemnitor s obligations
under this section shall survive the termination of this agreement and as set forth below in the Survival section. In addition to this
indemnity, Indemnitor hereby releases and waives all present and future claims against Lender for indemnity or contribution in the event
Indemnitor becomes liable for cleanup or other costs under any Environmental Laws. 

PAYMENT:
FULL RECOURSE TO INOEMNITOR. Indemnitor intends that Lender shall have full recourse to Indemnitor for Indemnitor s obligations
under this Agreement as they become due to Lender. Such liabilities, losses, claims, damages and expenses shall be reimbursable to Lender
as Lender s obligations to make payments with respect thereto are incurred, without any requirement of waiting for the ultimate
outcome of any llt1gation, claim or other proceeding, and Indemnitor shall pay such liability, losses, claims, damages and expenses to
Lender as so incurred within thirty (30) days after written notice from Lender. Lender s notice shall contain a brief itemization
of the amounts incurred to the date of such notice. In addition to any remedy available for failure to pay periodically such amounts,
such amounts shall thereafter bear interest at the Note default rate, or in the absence of a default rate, at the Note interest rate. 

SURVIVAL.
The covenants contained in this Agreement shall survive (A) the repayment of the Indebtedness. (8) any foreclosure. whether Judicial
or Nonjudicial of the Property, and (C) any delivery of a deed in lieu of foreclosure to Lender or any successor of Lender. The covenants
contained in this Agreement shall be for the benefit of Lender and any successor to Lender, as holder of any security interest in tt1e
Property or the indebtedness secured thereby, or as owner of the Property. following foreclosure or the delivery of a deed 1n lieu of
foreclosure. 

COUNTERPART
SIGNATURES. THIS DOCUMENT MAY BE SIGNED IN ANY NUMBER OF COUNTERPARTS ALL OF WHICH COMBINED SHALL BE CONSIDERED ONE AND THE SAME
DOCUMENT. 

MISCELLANEOUS
PROVISIONS. The following miscellaneous provisions are a part of this Agreement: 

Amendments.
This Agreement, together with any Related Documents, constitutes the entire understanding and agreement of the parties as to the matters
set forth in this Agreement. No alteration of or amendment to this Agreement shall be effective unless given in writing and signed by
the party or parties sought to be charged or bound by the alteration or amendment. 

Attorneys 
Fees; Expenses. If Lender institutes any suit or action to enforce any of the terms of this Agreement, Lender shall be entitled to recover
such sum as the court may adjudge reasonable as Lender s attorneys fees at trial and upon any appeal. Whether or not any
court action is involved, and to the extent not prohibited by law, all reasonable expenses Lender incurs that in Lender s opinion
are necessary at any time for the protection of its interest or the enforcement of its rights shall become a part of the Indebtedness
payable on demand and shall bear interest at the Note rate from the date of the expenditure until repaid. Expenses covered by this paragraph
include, without limitation, however subject to any limits under applicable law, Lender s reasonable attorneys fees and
Lender s legal expenses, whether or not there 1s a lawsuit, including Lender s reasonable attorneys fees and expenses
for bankruptcy proceedings (1ncludmg efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay or injunction), appeals, and any anticipated post-judgment
collection services, the cost of searching records, obtaining title reports (including foreclosure reports), surveyors reports,
and appraisal fees and title insurance, to the extent permitted by applicable law. Indemnitor also will pay any court costs, in addition
to all other sums provided by law. In the event of foreclosure of this Agreement, Lender shall be entitled to recover from Indemnitor
Lender s reasonable attorneys fees and actual disbursements that Lender necessarily incurs in pursuing such foreclosure. 

Caption
Headings. Caption headings in this Agreement are for convenience purposes only and are not to be used to interpret or define the provisions
of this Agreement. 

HAZARDOUS
 SUBSTANCES AGREEMENT 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 3 

Governing
Law. With respect to procedural matters related to the perfection and enforcement of Lender s rights against the Property, this
Agreement will be governed by federal law applicable to Lender and to the extent not preempted by federal law, the laws of the State
of Texas. In all other respects, this Agreement will be governed by federal law applicable to Lender and, to the extent not preempted
by federal law, the laws of the State of Minnesota without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. However, if there ever is a question
about whether any provision of this Agreement is valid or enforceable, the provision that Is questioned will be governed by whichever
state or federal law would find the provision to be valid and enforceable. The loan transaction that Is evidenced by the Note and this
Agreement has been applied for, considered, approved and made, and all necessary loan documents have been accepted by Lender In the State
of Minnesota. 

Joint
and Several Liability. All obligations of Indemnitor under this Agreement shall be joint and several, and all references to Indemnitor
shall mean each and every Indemnitor. This means that each Indemnitor signing below is responsible for all obligations in this Agreement. 

No
Waiver by Lender. Lender shall not be deemed to have waived any rights under this Agreement unless such waiver is given in writing and
signed by Lender. No delay or omission on the part of Lender in exercising any right shall operate as a waiver of such right or any other
right. A waiver by Lender of a provision of this Agreement shall not prejudice or constitute a waiver of Lender s right otherwise
to demand strict compliance with that provision or any other provision of this Agreement. No prior waiver by Lender, nor any course of
dealing between Lender and Indemnitor, shall constitute a waiver of any of Lender s rights or of any of Indemnitor s obligations
as to any future transactions. Whenever the consent of Lender is required under this Agreement, the granting of such consent by Lender
m any instance shall not constitute continuing consent to subsequent instances where such consent is required and in all cases such consent
may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of Lender. Indemnitor hereby waives notice of acceptance of this Agreement by Lender. 

Notices. Any notice required to be given under this Agreement shall be given in writing, and shall be effective when
actually delivered. when actually received by telefacsimile (unless otherwise required by law), when deposited with a nationally recognized
overnight courier, or, if mailed. when deposited in the United States mail, as first class, certified or registered mail postage prepaid,
directed to the addresses shown near the beginning of this Agreement. Any party may change its address for notices under this Agreement
by giving formal written notice to the other parties, specifying that the purpose of the notice is to change the party s address.
For notice purposes, Indemnitor agrees to keep Lender informed at all times of Indemnitor s current address. Unless otherwise provided
or required by law. if there is more than one Indemnitor, any notice given by Lender to any Indemnitor is deemed to be notice given to
all Indemnitor. 

Severability.
If a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this Agreement to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any circumstance,
that finding shall not make the offending provision illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any other circumstance. If feasible, the
offending provision shall be considered modified so that it becomes legal. valid and enforceable. If the offending provision cannot be
so modified, it shall be considered deleted from this Agreement. Unless otherwise required by law. the illegality, invalidity. or unenforceability
of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. 

Statutory Rights Not Waived. Notwithstanding
any other provision of-this Agreement, Indemnitor does not waive or agree to forego any of Indemnitor s statutory rights unless
the waiver of such a right-is expressly authorized by law. 

Successors and Assigns. Subject to any
limitations stated in this Agreement on transfer of Indemnitor s interest, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the parties, their successors and assigns. If ownership of the Property becomes vested in a person other than Indemnitor, Lender,
without notice to Indemnitor, may deal with Indemnitor s successors with reference to this Agreement and the Indebtedness by way
of forbearance or extension without releasing Indemnitor from the obligations of this Agreement or liability under the Indebtedness. 

Time
is of the Essence. Time is of the essence in the performance of this Agreement. 

Waive
Jury. All parties to this Agreement hereby waive the right to any jury trial in any action, proceeding, or counterclaim brought by any
party against any other party. 

DEFINITIONS.
The following capitalized words and terms shall have the following meanings when used in this Agreement. Unless specifically stated to
the contrary, all references to dollar amounts shall mean amounts in lawful money of the United States of America. Words and terms used
in the singular shall include the plural, and the plural shall include the singular, as the context may require. Words and terms not
otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings attributed to such terms in the Uniform Commercial Code: 

Agreement.
The word Agreement means this Hazardous Substances Agreement. as this Hazardous Substances Agreement may be amended or
modified from time to time, together with all exhibits and schedules attached to this Hazardous Substances Agreement from time to time. 

Environmental
Laws. The words Environmental Laws mean any and all state, federal and local statutes, regulations and ordinances relating
to the protection of human health or the environment, including without limitation the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation,
and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601, et seq. CERCLA ), the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization
Act of 1986, Pub. L. No. 99-499 SARA ), the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. Section 1801. et seq., the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901, et seq., or other applicable state or federal laws, rules. or regulations
adopted pursuant thereto. 

Hazardous
Substances. The words Hazardous Substances mean materials that, because of their quantity, concentration or physical, chemical
or infectious characteristics, may cause or pose a present or potential hazard to human health or the environment when improperly used,
treated, stored, disposed of, generated, manufactured. transported or otherwise handled. The words Hazardous Substances 
are used in their very broadest sense and include without limitation any and all hazardous or toxic substances, materials or waste as
defined by or listed under the Environmental Laws. The term Hazardous Substances also includes, without limitation, petroleum
and petroleum by-products or any fraction thereof and asbestos. 

Indebtedness.
The word Indebtedness means all principal, interest, and other amounts, costs and expenses payable under the Note or Related
Documents, together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications of. consolidations of and substitutions for the Note or Related
Documents and any amounts expended or advanced by Lender to discharge Indemnitor s obligations or expenses incurred by Lender to
enforce Indemnitor s obligations under this Agreement, together with interest on such amounts as provided m this Agreement. 

Lender.
The word Lender means STEARNS BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, its successors and assigns. 

Note.
The word Note means Promissory Note from Borrower to Lender in the original principal amount of 805,000.00 dated FEBRUARY
11. 2022. together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications of, refinancings of, consolidations of, and substitutions for tie
note or credit agreement. 

HAZARDOUS
 SUBSTANCES AGREEMENT 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 4 

Occupant.
The word Occupant means individually and collectively all persons or entities occupying or utilizing the Property. whether
as owner. tenant. operator or other occupant. 

Property.
The word Property means all of Indemnitor s right. title and interest in and to all the Property as described 111
the Property Description section of this Agreement. 

Real
Property. The words Real Property means the real property, interests and rights. as further described 1n this Agreement. 

Related
Documents. The words Related Documents mean all promissory notes. credit agreements. loan agreements, environmental agreements,
guaranties, security agreements, mortgages. deeds of trust, security deeds, collateral mortgages, and all other instruments. agreements
and documents. whether now or hereafter existing. executed in connection with the Indebtedness. 

EACH
PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, AND E.ACH AGREES TO ITS TERMS. NO FORMAL ACCEPTANCE
BY LENDER IS NECESSARY TO MAKE THIS AGREEMENT EFFECTIVE. THIS AGREEMENT IS DATED FEBRUARY 10, 2022. 

BORROWER: 

LEANDER
 ASSOCIATES, LTD. 

By: 

By: 

James T. Walesa, Authorized Officer of Leander Associates,
LTD 

BJ Parrish, Authorized Officer of Leander Associates, LTD 

LENDER. 

STEARNS BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

X 

Authorized Signer 

LIMIED LIABILITY COMPANY ACKNOWLEDGMENT 
 
 STATE OF Florida 

ss 

COUNTY OF Collier 

This
instrument was acknowledged before me on February 10 th , 2022 by JAMES T. WALESA, AUTHORIZED OFFICER of LEANDER ASSOCIATES,
LTD. and BJ PARRISH, AUTHORIZED OFFICER of Leander Associates Ltd., a Texas limited liability company, on behalf of said limited liability
company. 

Notary
 Public, State of Florida 

COMPLIANCE
AGREEMENT 

Principal 
 Loan
Date 
 Maturity 
 Loan
 No 
 Call/
 Coll 
 Account 
 Officer 
 Initials 
 
 805,000.00 
 02-10-2022 
 02-10-2023 
 70021721 
 06
 / 420 
 172240 
 807 

References
 in the boxes above are for Lender s use only and do not limit the applicability of this document to any particular loan or
 Item. 
 An
 item above containing has been omitted due to text length limitations. 

Borrower: 
 LEANDER
 ASSOCIATES, LTD. 
 Lender: 
 STEARNS
BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

ST CLOUD OFFICE 

8800
 VILLAGE DR, STE 106 
 
 4191
 2NDSTS 

SAN
 ANTONIO, TX 78217 
 
 ST.
 CLOUD, MN 56301 

THE
UNDERSIGNED BORROWER(S), GUARANTOR(S) AND/OR GRANTOR(S) HEREBY AGREE(S) TO COOPERATE WITH ANY REPRESENTATIVES OF LENDER REGARDING ANY
REASONABLE REQUESTS MADE SUBSEQUENT TO CLOSING. TO CORRECT ERRORS MADE CONCERNING THIS TRANSACTION OR PROVIDE ANY AND ALL ADDITIONAL
DOCUMENTATION DEEMED NECESSARY BY THE LENDER TO COMPLETE THIS TRANSACTION. THE UNDERSIGNED FURTHER AGREES THAT TO COOPERATE 
AS USED IN THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDES. BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO. THE AGREEMENT BY THE UNDERSIGNED TO EXECUTE OR RE-EXECUTE ANY DOCUMENTS WHICH
THE LENDER IN THE ORDINARY COURSE OF BUSINESS. DEEMS NECESSARY OR DESIRABLE TO COMPLETE THE TRANSACTION. 

THF
UNDERSIGNED AND THE LENDER HEREBY FURTHER AGREE THAT IN THE EVENT THIS AGREEMENT IS ENFORCED, OR ATTEMPTED TO BE ENFORCED. BY JUDICIAL
PROCESS. THE PREVAILING PARTY OR PARTIES, IS OR ARE ENTITLED TO ALL REASONABLE COSTS. DISBURSEMENTS, AND ATTORNEYS FEES INCIDENT THERETO.
FROM THE NON-PREVAILING PARTY OR PARTIES. 

ECUTED
February 10. 2022. 

BORROWER 

LEANDER
 ASSOCIATES, LTD. 

By: 

By: 

James T. Walesa, Authorized Officer of Leander Associates,
LTD 

BJ Parrish, Authorized Officer of Leander Associates, LTD 

GUARANTOR 

James
 T. Walesa, Individually 

GRANTOR: 

LEANDER
 ASSOCIATES, LTD. 

By: 

By: 

James T. Walesa, Authorized Officer of Leander Associates,
LTD 

BJ Parrish, Authorized Officer of Leander Associates, LTD 

AGREEMENT
TO PROVIDE INSURANCE 

Principal 
 Loan
 Date 
 Maturity 
 Loan
 No 
 Call/
 Coll 
 Account 
 Officer 
 Initials 
 
 805,000.00 
 02-10-2022 
 02-10-2023 
 70021721 
 06
 / 420 
 172240 
 807 

References in the boxes above are for Lender s use only and do not limit the applicability of this document to any particular loan or item. 

 An item above containing has been omitted due to text length limitations. 

Grantor: 
 LEANDER ASSOCIATES,
 LTD. 
 Lender: 
 STEARNS
 BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

8800
 VILLAGE DR. STE 106 
 
 ST
 CLOUD OFFICE 

SAN
 ANTONIO, TX 78217 
 
 4191
 2ND ST S 

ST.CLOUD.MN
 56301 

INSURANCE
REQUIREMENTS. Granter, LEANDER ASSOCIATES, LTD. Granter ), understands that insurance coverage is required in connection
with the extending of a loan or the providing of other financial accommodations to Granter by Lender. These requirements are set forth
in the security documents for the loan. The following minimum insurance coverages must be provided on the following describes collateral
(the Collateral ): 

Collateral: 
 301
 S BAGDAD ROAD, LEANDER, TX 78641. 

Type:
 Fire and extended coverage. Amount: Full Insurable Value. 

Basis:
 Replacement value. 

Endorsements:
 Standard mortgagee s clause with stipulation that coverage will not be cancelled or diminished without a minimum of 30 days
 prior written notice to Lender, and without disclaimer of the insurer s liability for failure to give such notice. 

Latest
 Delivery Date: By the loan dosing date. 

Collateral: 
 All
 Inventory, Equipment, Fixtures, Timber and Minerals, Oil and Gas. 

Type:
 All risks. including fire, theft and liability. Amount: Full Insurable Value. 

Basis:
 Replacement value. 

Endorsements:
 Lender loss payable clause with stipulation that coverage will not be cancelled or diminished without a minimum of 30 days prior
 written notice to Lender. 

Latest
 Delivery Date: By the loan closing date. 

Collateral: 
 All
 Fixtures. 

Type:
 All risks, including fire, theft and liability. Amount: Full Insurable Value. 

Basis:
 Replacement value. 

Endorsements:
 Lender loss payable clause with stipulation that coverage will not be cancelled or diminished without a minimum of 30 days prior
 written notice to Lender. 

Latest
 Delivery Date: By the loan closing date. 

INSURANCE
COMPANY. Grantor may obtain insurance from any insurance company Granter may choose that is reasonably acceptable to Lender. Grantor
understands that credit may not be denied solely because insurance was not purchased through Lender. 

FLOOD
INSURANCE. Flood Insurance for the Collateral securing this loan is described as follows: 

Real
Estate at 301 S BAGDAD ROAD, LEANDER, TX 78641. 

Should
the Collateral at any time be deemed to be located in an area designated by the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency
as a special flood hazard area. Granter agrees to obtain and maintain flood insurance, if available, for the full unpaid principal balance
of the loan and any prior liens on the property securing the loan, up to the maximum policy limits set under the National Flood Insurance
Program. or as otherwise required by Lender, and to maintain such insurance for the term of the loan. Flood insurance may be purchased
under the National Flood Insurance Program, from private insurers providing private flood insurance as defined by applicable
federal flood insurance statutes and regulations, or from another flood insurance provider that is both acceptable to Lender in its sole
discretion and permitted by applicable federal flood insurance statutes and regulations. 

INSURANCE
MAILING ADDRESS. All documents and other materials relating to insurance for this loan should be mailed, delivered or directed to the
following address 

STEARNS 

 BANK 

 NATIONAL 

 ASSOCIATION 

 PO
BOX 7338 

 ST
CLOUD, MN 56302-7338 

COUNTERPART
SIGNATURES. THIS DOCUMENT MAY BE SIGNED IN ANY NUMBER OF COUNTERPARTS ALL OF WHICH COMBINED SHALL BE CONSIDERED ONE AND THE SAME DOCUMENT. 

FAILURE
TO PROVIDE INSURANCE. Grantor agrees to deliver to Lender. on the latest delivery date stated above, proof of the required insurance
as provided above, with an effective date of February 10, 2022, or earlier. Granter acknowledges and agrees that if Grantor fails to
provide any required insurance or fails to continue such insurance in force, Lender may do so at Grantor s expense as provided
in the applicable security document. The cost of any such insurance, at the option of Lender, shall be added to the indebtedness as provided
in the security document. GRANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IF LENDER SO PURCHASES ANY SUCH INSURANCE, THE INSURANCE WILL PROVIDE LIMITED PROTECTION
AGAINST PHYSICAL DAMAGE TO THE COLLATERAL, UP TD AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO THE LESSER OF (1) THE UNPAID 8ALANCEc OF THE DEBT, EXCLUDING ANY
UNEARNED FINANCE CHARGES, OR (2) THE VALUE OF THE COLLATERAL; HOWEVER, GRANTOR S EQUITY IN THE COLLATERAL MAY NOT BE INSURED. IN
ADDITION, THE INSURANCE MAY NOT PROVIDE ANY PUBLIC LIABILITY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE INDEMNIFICATION AND MAY NOT MEET THE REQUIREMENTS OF
ANY FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY LAWS. 

If
such insurance purchased by Lender is procured at a rate or charge not fixed or approved by the State Board of Insurance, Granter will
be so notified, and Granter may at any time cause the cancellation of collateral protection insurance by providing proper evidence to
Lender that Granter has obtained insurance as required by the security document. 

Texas
Creditor-Placed Insurance Notice: Granter is required to keep the Collateral insured against damage in the amount specified by Lender.
Grantor will purchase the insurance from an insurer that is authorized to do business in Texas or an eligible surplus lines insurer.
Lender shall be named as the person to be paid under such policy in the event of loss. If required by Lender, Granter must deliver a
copy of the policy and proof of the payment of premiums to Lender. If Grantor fails to meet any of these requirements, Lender may, but
does not have to, obtain collateral protection insurance on Grantor s behalf at Grantor s expense. 

AGREEMENT
 TO PROVIDE INSURANCE 

Loan
 No: 70021721 
 (Continued) 
 Page
 2 

AUTHORIZATION.
 For purposes of insurance coverage on the Collateral, Grantor authorizes Lender to provide to any person (Including any insurance
agent or company) all information Lender deems appropriate, whether regarding the Collateral. the loan or other financial accommodations
or both. 

GRANTOR
ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT TO PROVIDE INSURANCE AND AGREES TO ITS TERMS. THIS AGREEMENT IS
DATED FEBRUARY 10, 2022. 

GRANTOR: 

LEANDER
 ASSOCIATES, LTD. 

By: 

By: 

James T. Walesa, Authorized Officer of Leander Associates,
LTD 

BJ Parrish, Authorized Officer of Leander Associates, LTD 

</EX-10.11-1>

<EX-10.11-2>
 3
 ex10_11-2.htm

Exhibit
10.11.2 

Forbearance
Agreement 

This
Forbearance Agreement (the Agreement ), effective as of May 22, 2023 (the Effective Date is
entered into by and among Stearns Bank National Association, a national banking association Lender ), Leander Associates
LTD, a Texas limited partnership Borrower and James T. Walesa, a resident of the state of Texas Guarantor ; 
together with Lender and Borrower, each a party and collectively the parties). 

Recitals 

A. Lender
 and Borrower entered into that certain Business Loan Agreement, dated as of February 10,
 2022 (the BLA ), whereby Lender agreed to provide to Borrower a loan
 in the original principal amount of 805,000.00 (the Loan ), as evidenced
 by that certain Promissory Note, dated as of February 10, 2022, in the stated principal amount
 of 805,000.00 executed by Borrower in favor of Lender (the Note ); 

B. The
 Loan is secured by, among other things, a Deed of Trust (the Deed of Trust on commercial property located at 301 S. Bagdad Road, Leander TX 78641 (the Property and duly recorded with the official records of Williamson County, Texas as Document No. 2022018782,
 an Assignment of Rents (the Assignment of Rents duly recorded with
 the official records of Williams County, Texas as Document No. 2022018783 and a first lien
 on Borrower s business assets and fixtures (the Personal Property ; 
 together with the Deed of Trust and Assignment of Rents, the Collateral ); 

C. In
 connection with the Loan, the Guarantor executed a commercial guaranty dated as of February
 10, 2022 in favor of Lender (the Guaranty absolutely and unconditionally
 guaranteeing to Lender the payment and satisfaction of the indebtedness (as defined in the
 Guaranty) and the performance and discharge of all of Borrower s obligations under
 the Note and other loan documents; 

D. The
 BLA, the Note, the Deed of Trust, the Assignment of Rents, the Guaranty and all other documents
 evidencing, securing or guaranteeing the Loan, as amended from time to time, shall be referred
 to herein as the Loan Documents ; 

E. The
 Loan matured on February 10, 2023 (the Maturity Date ). 

F. Borrower
 failed to repay the Loan in full on the Maturity Date and, as a result, an Event of Default
 exists and is continuing under the Loan and the Loan Documents (the Identified
 Default ); 

G. As
 a result of the Identified Default, Lender is entitled to exercise, without further notice,
 any or all of its rights and remedies under the Loan Documents, at law or in equity; 

FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT Page | 1 

H. Borrower
 has requested Lender to forbear from the exercise of such rights and remedies solely with
 respect to the Identified Default and allow Borrower opportunity to satisfy its obligations
 under the Loan Documents. Lender is willing to do so subject to the terms and conditions
 of this Agreement. 

NOW,
THEREFORE , for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Lender, Borrower and
each Guarantor agree as follows: 

Agreement 

1. General
 Acknowledgements . 

a. Recitals .
 Borrower and Guarantor acknowledge and agree that the Recitals, as set forth above, are true
 and correct statements of fact and are hereby incorporated into this Agreement as express
 terms and conditions. 

b. Validity
 of Loan Documents; Reaffirmation of Obligations . Borrower and Guarantor reaffirm the
 validity, binding effect, and enforceability of the Loan Documents, as modified by the terms
 of this Agreement, in addition to all other documents, agreements, or liens executed in conjunction
 therewith, all of which are reaffirmed by Borrower and Guarantor in their entirety and incorporated
 into this Agreement by reference. 

c. Acknowledgment
 of Default . Borrower and Guarantor acknowledge that they are in default of their obligations
 to Lender under the Loan and Loan Documents because of the Identified Default. Borrower and
 Guarantor further acknowledge and agree that, as a result of the Identified Default, Lender
 is entitled to pursue its legal rights and remedies under the Loan Documents without further
 notice or demand, including, without limitation, foreclosure of the Deed of Trust. 

d. Confirmation
 of Indebtedness . 

i. Borrower
 and Guarantor acknowledge and agree that, as of the Effective Date, Borrower is truly and
 justly indebted and obligated to Lender under the Note for payment of 873,521.56, which
 is comprised of 805,000.00 in principal, 35,403.36 in interest, and 40,966.95 in late
 fees (collectively, the Indebtedness ). The Indebtedness is exclusive
 of attorney fees incurred in connection with the negotiation or preparation of this Agreement.
 Borrower and Guarantor acknowledge and agree that the entire Indebtedness is due to Lender
 without any offsets, deductions, claims, counterclaims, defenses, disputes or recoupment
 of any kind and shall be paid to Lender in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT Page | 2 

ii. Borrower
 and Guarantor acknowledge and agree that, as of the Effective Date, the Loan has accrued
 late fees totaling 40,966.95 (hereinafter, the Deferred Late Fee in
 accordance with the terms of the Note and other Loan Documents. Borrower and Guarantor acknowledge,
 agree and confirm that all late fees accruing on the Loan, including the Deferred Late Fee,
 are due and payable to Lender on the New Maturity Date, as defined below, without any offsets,
 deductions, claims, counterclaims, defenses, disputes or recoupment of any kind. 

iii. Until
 the Loan is paid in full, the Indebtedness will continue to accrue interest, late fees, and
 other charges pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents. 

e. Good
 Faith . The parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement has been negotiated in good
 faith. 

2. Forbearance . 

a. Forbearance
 Period; Termination . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement,
 and without prejudice or waiver of any rights or remedies it may have under the Loan Documents,
 at law or in equity with respect to any other Event of Default, Lender hereby agrees to forbear
 from exercising its rights and remedies with respect to the Identified Default from the Effective
 Date until September 30, 2023 (the Forbearance Period ); provided, however,
 that in the event of an Event of Default (other than the Identified Default), Lender may
 immediately terminate this Agreement and exercise all or any of its rights and remedies under
 the Loan Documents without prior notice to Borrower and Guarantor. 

b. Reservation
 of Rights . Borrower and Guarantor acknowledge and agree that, under the terms of the
 Loan Documents as well as applicable law, Lender has various rights and remedies with respect
 to the Identified Default, and Lender is presently evaluating all available courses of action.
 Accordingly, without waiving the Identified Default, Lender reserves all of its rights and
 remedies under the Loan Documents, at law and in equity which may be available to Lender
 as a result of the Identified Default, including the right to require strict compliance with
 each and every term and condition of the Loan Documents. Lender s voluntary forbearance
 is not intended to be, and shall not be construed as, a waiver of the Identified Default
 or a waiver of Lender s rights and remedies with respect to it, all of which are expressly
 reserved. Any failure or delay by Lender in exercising any right, power or remedy under the
 Loan Documents or its acceptance of partial performance or partial payments shall not (i)
 operate as a waiver of such right, power or remedy, nor shall any single or partial exercise
 of any such right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise of such right,
 power or remedy or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy and (ii) be sufficient,
 by itself or together with any other action or inaction by Lender, to establish a course
 of dealing or course of conduct by Lender (with any such prior courses of dealing or conduct,
 if any, hereby terminated). 

FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT Page | 3 

c. Effect
 of Termination . Borrower and Guarantor expressly acknowledge and agree that the effect
 of Lender s termination of this Agreement, or Borrower s failure to satisfy all
 of its obligations under this Agreement prior to the expiration of the Forbearance Period,
 will be to permit Lender to immediately, without prior notice to Borrower or Guarantor, exercise
 all rights and remedies available to Lender under the Loan Documents, at law or in equity.
 Lender will have no obligation whatsoever to further extend the maturity date of the Loan,
 waive any Events of Default, defer any payments or further forbear from exercising its rights
 and remedies. Time is of the essence in connection with Borrower s performance under
 this Agreement. 

3. Modification
 and Repayment Terms . Lender, Borrower and Guarantor agree as follows: 

a. Initial
 Payment . On or before June 15, 2023, by no later than 2:00 p.m. Central Standard Time,
 Borrower shall pay Lender 27,554.61 Past-Due Payment ), which amount
 represents the past-due interest due on the Loan as of April 19, 2023. 

i. Lender
 will defer 7,848.75 in past-due interest accruing on the Loan between April 20, 2023 and
 May 22, 2023 (the Deferred Interest ). The Deferred Interest will be
 due on the New Maturity Date (as defined below) or at the time the Loan is paid in full,
 whichever occurs first. 

b. Past-Due
 Taxes . On information available to Lender, there are past due taxes or assessments due
 in connection with the Property totaling approximately 20,190.70. On or before July 5, 2023,
 Borrower shall pay all outstanding, unpaid, or delinquent taxes, liens, assessments or other
 charges of any kind or character, including penalties or interest thereon (collectively,
 Delinquent Taxes ), due or assessed in connection with the Property.
 Borrower shall provide Lender with receipts, certificates of payment or other records evidencing
 full and timely payment of the Delinquent Taxes in strict compliance with this paragraph. 

c. Monthly
 Payments . Borrower shall make monthly payments to Lender of all accrued, unpaid interest
 starting on July 15, 2023 and continuing on the same day of each month thereafter until the
 New Maturity Date (as defined below) with interest calculated on the unpaid principal balance
 as set forth in the Note. 

d. New
 Maturity Date . All of the remaining principal, accrued interest, late fees, costs and
 other sums due to Lender in connection with the Loan shall be immediately due and payable
 on September 30, 2023 (the New Maturity Date without any discounts,
 setoffs or other adjustments. 

FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT Page | 4 

e. Other
 Terms . 

i. This
 Agreement must be fully executed by Borrower and Guarantor and returned to Lender by no later
 than 3:00 p.m. Central Standard Time on Thursday, May 25, 2023. Lender s timely receipt
 of a fully executed copy of this Agreement is a condition precedent to Lender entering into
 or performing under this Agreement. 

ii. Payments
 due to Lender hereunder shall be deemed received by Lender on the first business
 day on which the funds are immediately available and accessible to Lender. 

4. Covenants
 in Favor of Lender . Borrower and Guarantor covenant to Lender as follows: 

a. All
 Collateral is insured and will remain insured during the Forbearance Period, as required
 by the Loan Documents, with Lender being named as mortgagee/lender loss payee on any such
 policies. 

b. Borrower
 shall ensure that Lender is reasonably informed at all times of all matters relating to Lender s
 Collateral that could materially impact their value. 

c. To
 the extent Borrower lists the Property for sale to repay the Loan, Borrower shall furnish
 to Lender on its request documents or records associated with the sale of such Property,
 which may include listing agreements, purchase agreements (whether in draft or final form)
 and/or settlement statements issued by a title company in conjunction with any prospective
 sale. 

d. Borrower
 and Guarantor shall not transfer assets outside the ordinary course of business without the
 express written approval of Lender. 

e. Borrower
 and Guarantor shall not enter into any agreements with any other creditors that might impair
 their ability to perform under this Agreement, except for any financing agreements necessary
 to pay Lender in full as contemplated by this Agreement. 

f. Borrower
 and Guarantor covenant and agree that while this Agreement is in effect, Borrower and Guarantor
 shall not pay any interim distribution or bonus or may any transfer in cash or other assets
 to a member or members of Borrower, except for any normal salary payable to an employee-member,
 without written consent of Lender. 

g. All
 financial statements or information provided to Lender to date have been true and correct
 in every material respect with no material omissions therefrom. 

FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT Page | 5 

5. Special
 Remedies in Favor of Lender . Borrower and Guarantor hereby agree as follows: 

a. Borrower
 and Guarantor agree not to oppose, contest, defend or otherwise object to the exercise of
 any default rights or remedies by Lender; and 

b. In
 the event of any bankruptcy filing by Borrower or Guarantor, Borrower and Guarantor agree
 not to oppose, answer, contest or otherwise object to a motion for relief from stay filed
 by Lender pursuant to 11 USC 362 and further agree that Lender shall be entitled to
 an order by default lifting the automatic stay and allowing Lender to exercise its default
 rights and remedies against any of the collateral pledged to Lender pursuant to the Loan
 Documents. 

6. Representations
 and Warranties of Borrower . To induce Lender to enter into this Agreement, Borrower represents
 and warrants to Lender as follows: 

a. Organization .
 Borrower is a limited partnership duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing
 under the laws of the State of Texas. 

b. Authority .
 Borrower has full company power and authority to execute, deliver, and perform under this
 Agreement and has taken all company action required by law and its articles of organization
 to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement. This Agreement is a valid and
 binding agreement of Borrower enforceable against Borrower in accordance with its terms. 

c. Consent
 and Approvals . No consent or approval of any party is required in connection with the
 execution and delivery of this Agreement by Borrower, and the execution and delivery of this
 Agreement does not (i) contravene or result in a breach or default under its articles of
 organization or any other governing document, agreement, or instrument to which Borrower
 is a party or by which any of their respective properties are bound, or (ii) violate any
 law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination, or award
 applicable to Borrower. 

d. Other .
 All representations and warranties contained in this Agreement, including, but not limited
 to, the Recitals, and in any of the other Loan Documents, are true and correct as of the
 date of this Agreement, and all such representations and warranties will survive the execution
 of this Agreement. The Loan Documents represent unconditional, absolute, valid, and enforceable
 obligations against Borrower. To the best of its knowledge, Borrower has no claims or defenses
 against Lender or any other person or entity which would or might affect (i) the enforceability
 of any provisions of any Loan Documents; or (ii) the collectability of sums advanced by Lender
 to Borrower under the Loan. Borrower understands and acknowledges that Lender is entering
 into this Agreement in reliance upon, and in partial consideration for, this acknowledgment
 and representation, and agrees that such reliance is reasonable and appropriate. 

7. Representations
 and Warranties of Guarantor . To induce Lender to enter into this Agreement, Guarantor
 represents and warrants to Lender as follows: 

a. Capacity .
 Such Guarantor has full and complete capacity to read and understand the terms and conditions
 of this Agreement and is not suffering from any disability or other condition that would
 impair such capacity. 

FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT Page | 6 

b. Due
 Authority . Such Guarantor has full power and authority to execute, deliver and perform
 under this Agreement without any further consent or authorization from any other person. 

8. Default .
 The term Event of Default shall be provided the same meanings as set forth
 in the Loan Documents and shall additionally include (i) default, breach of failure by Borrower
 or Guarantor of any term, condition, representation, warranty, or covenant set forth in this
 Agreement; (ii) failure to make any payment on the Loan to Lender when due; and (iii) failure
 to pay the Loan in full by the New Maturity Date. Upon default of this Agreement, or the
 occurrence of discovery of a default under the terms of the Loan Documents (other than the
 Identified Default), Lender, in its sole discretion, may immediately proceed with the exercise
 of its rights and remedies under the Loan Documents or available at law. 

9. Remedies
 upon Default . Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Lender may immediately exercise
 any one or more of its rights and remedies set forth in the Loan Documents or this Agreement,
 without notice to Borrower or Guarantor of any kind, which may include, without limitation:
 (i) declare this Agreement in default, at which time Lender shall be relieved of any further
 performance required hereunder; (ii) declare all amounts due under the Loan and Loan Documents
 immediately due and payable in full without notice or opportunity to cure, at which time
 the Loan shall accrue default interest and other fees on the terms set forth in the Loan
 Documents; (iii) initiate legal or enforcement proceedings to foreclose on any pledged collateral;
 and (iv) exercise and enforce any other right or remedy available to Lender under the Loan
 Documents or available at law. 

10. Release
 of Claims . 

a. Borrower
 and Guarantor hereby fully, finally, absolutely and forever release and discharge Lender
 and its present and former directors, shareholders, members, owners, officers, employees,
 agents, representatives, attorneys, consultants, fiduciaries, predecessors, successors, assigns,
 and affiliated related corporate divisions, and their separate and respective heirs, personal
 representatives, attorneys, successors, assigns, and affiliates (collectively, with Lender,
 the Released Parties from any and all actions, causes of action, claims,
 debts, damages, demands, liabilities, obligations, suits, judgments, executions, and expenses
 and any and all other claims, counterclaims, defenses, rights of set off, demands and liabilities
 whatsoever (individually a Claim and collectively, Claims of any and every character, now known or unknown, direct and/or indirect, contingent or matured,
 in contract or in tort, of whatever kind or nature, for or because of any matter or thing
 done, omitted or suffered to be done by any of the Released Parties at-law or in equity and
 whether or not the economic effect of such matter or alleged matter arises or is discovered
 in the future including, without limitation , any claims arising out of or relating
 to: (i) the Loan, (ii) the Loan Documents, (iii) the Guaranty, (iv) this Agreement or any
 document delivered pursuant to this Agreement, (v) the negotiation or entry into the Loan
 Documents, the Guaranty, this Agreement, or any document delivered pursuant to this Agreement,
 or (vi) the administration of the Loan and the actions, omissions, course of conduct, course
 of dealing or statements of any Released Party in respect of the Loan, the Loan Documents,
 the Guaranty, this Agreement and any document delivered pursuant to this Agreement, arising
 from events occurring prior to and including the date of this Agreement. Borrower and Guarantor
 understand, acknowledge and agree that the releases set forth above may be pleaded as a full
 and complete defense and may be used as a basis for an injunction against any action, suit,
 or other proceedings which may be instituted, prosecuted or attempted in breach of the provisions
 of such release. Borrower and Guarantor agree that no fact, event, circumstance, evidence
 or transaction which could now be asserted or which may hereafter be discovered shall affect
 in any manner the absolute and unconditional nature of the releases set forth above. 

FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT Page | 7 

b. Except
 for the agreements of Lender set forth in this Agreement, the above release in Section
 10.A. is intended to be, and is, a full, complete, and general release of the Released
 Parties with respect to all Claims and other matters described in Section 10.A. above
 including, without limitation, any Claims based upon allegations of, for or in connection
 with, but not limited to, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of any alleged duty of fair dealing
 or good faith, breach of confidence, undue influence, duress, economic coercion, usury, conflict
 of interest, intentional tort, negligence, gross negligence, bad faith, malpractice, violations
 of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, intentional or negligent infliction
 of mental distress, tortious interference with contractual relations, tortious interference
 with partnership governance or prospective business advantage, breach of contract, deceptive
 trade practices, libel, slander, fraud, misrepresentation, conspiracy, breach of contract
 or any other theory, cause of action, occurrence, matter or thing which might give rise to
 liability upon the Released Parties. 

c. Borrower
 and Guarantor understand and agree that the foregoing general release is in full satisfaction
 for the agreements of Lender contained herein and that Borrower and Guarantor will not receive
 any further consideration for such release, and each agrees not to assert or prosecute any
 further Claims against any party included within the Released Parties, whether specifically
 named or identified, with respect to any matter covered by Sections 10.A. and 10.B.
 above. 

d. Borrower
 and Guarantor on behalf of themselves and their successors, assigns, and other legal representatives,
 hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably, covenant and agree with and in favor
 of Lender that they will not sue (at law, in equity, in any regulatory proceeding or otherwise)
 any Released Party on the basis of any claim released, remised and discharged by Borrower
 pursuant to Sections 11.A. or 11.B. above. If Borrower or Guarantor or any of their
 respective successors, assigns or other legal representations violates the foregoing covenant,
 such party, for itself and its successors, assigns and legal representatives, agrees to pay,
 in addition to such other damages as any Released Party may sustain as a result of such violation,
 all attorneys fees and costs incurred by any Released Party as a result of such violation. 

FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT Page | 8 

e. Without
 limiting the generality of the foregoing releases in favor of Released Parties, Borrower
 and Guarantor acknowledge, confirm and agree that the Indebtedness, including all late fees
 and the Deferred Late Fee assessed on the Loan, as itemized herein, pursuant to the Note
 and other Loan Documents, are the true and correct balances due to Lender as of the Effective
 Date, and Borrower and Guarantor confirm and represent that they have no defenses, claims,
 counterclaims, disputes or disagreements of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to
 the amount of such Indebtedness and hereby waive, release and relinquish any and all such
 defenses, claims, counterclaims, disputes or and causes of action, whether known or unknown,
 if any, related thereto. 

11. Conditions
 Precedent to Effectiveness . Lender s obligation to perform under this Agreement
 shall be subject to the following terms and conditions: 

a. The
 execution of this Agreement by Borrower and Guarantor and delivery thereof to Lender by no
 later than 3:00 p.m. Central Standard Time on Thursday, May 25, 2023; 

b. There
 shall be no discovery of information by Lender which, in its sole discretion, it determines
 negatively impacts this Agreement; and 

c. Except
 for the Identified Default, there shall not be any other Event of Default under the Loan
 Documents. 

12. Miscellaneous . 

a. Adequate
 Consideration . Borrower and Guarantor represent and warrant that Lender has given good,
 valuable and adequate consideration for all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

b. Liens.
 All liens, security interests, rights and remedies granted to Lender for its benefit
 under the Loan Documents are hereby acknowledged and confirmed, and this Agreement shall
 in no way impair Lender s rights, or reduce Borrower or Guarantor s obligations,
 with respect thereto or affect the respective priority thereof. 

c. Survival .
 In the event of an Event of Default, termination of this Agreement or satisfaction of the
 Loan in full, all releases and waivers previously granted in favor of Lender and contained
 in this Agreement shall survive and remain fully enforceable and in effect. 

d. Effect
 of Agreement . The terms and conditions of the Loan Documents and all other agreements,
 documents, and writings between or among the parties, are expressly reaffirmed by Borrower
 and Guarantor in their entirety, incorporated herein by reference, and remain in full force
 and effect unless specifically modified by this Agreement. To the extent the terms of the
 Loan Documents are inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement, this Agreement shall govern
 and control. 

FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT Page | 9 

e. Payment
 of Legal Fees and Expenses . Borrower and Guarantor will pay all reasonable legal fees
 and other expenses incurred by Lender in connection with the preparation, negotiation, and
 enforcement of this Agreement and shall reimburse Lender for all of its attorney fees, costs
 and expenses it may incur in connection with the Indebtedness, the Loan, the Loan Documents,
 the Collateral or this Agreement. 

f. No
 Construction Against Drafter . Each party acknowledges, represents, and warrants that
 it, together with its counsel, if applicable, has had the opportunity to review and participate
 in the drafting and negotiation of this Agreement. As such, this Agreement will be deemed
 to be the product of all parties, and any rules of construction relating to interpretation
 against the drafter of an agreement will not apply to this Agreement and are expressly waived
 to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. 

g. Advice
 of Counsel . Each party acknowledges, represents, and warrants that (i) it has carefully
 read this Agreement and in signing this Agreement, it does so with full knowledge of all
 rights and obligations it has hereunder; (ii) it has received independent legal advice from
 its respective legal counsel as to the matters set forth herein, or has knowingly chosen
 not to consult legal counsel as to the matters set forth in this Agreement; and (iii) it
 has freely signed this Agreement without any reliance upon any agreement, promise, statement,
 or representation by or on behalf of any other party, or its respective agents, employees,
 or attorneys and without duress or coercion, whether economic or otherwise. 

h. No
 Novation, Release or Waiver . Neither this Agreement nor any other agreement entered in
 connection herewith or pursuant to the terms hereof, nor any actions taken pursuant to this
 Agreement or such other agreements, will be deemed or construed to be a compromise, satisfaction,
 accord and satisfaction, novation or release of any of the Loan Documents or any rights or
 obligations thereunder or a waiver by Lender of any of its rights under the Loan Documents,
 at law or in equity. 

i. Waiver
 of Jury Trial . BORROWER AND GUARANTOR, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, HEREBY
 KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY: (i) WAIVE ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION
 OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF THE LOAN, THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THIS AGREEMENT AND ALL DOCUMENTS
 AND AGREEMENTS EXECUTED IN CONJUNCTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT; (ii) AGREE NOT TO SEEK TO CONSOLIDATE
 ANY SUCH ACTION WITH ANY OTHER ACTION IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL CANNOT BE WAIVED OR HAS NOT BEEN
 WAIVED; AND (iii) REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT NEITHER LENDER, NOR ANY OF ITS EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS
 OR REPRESENTATIVES, HAS EXPRESSLY OR IMPLIEDLY REPRESENTED THAT LENDER NOT SEEK TO ENFORCE
 THIS WAIVER OF A RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL IN THE EVENT OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT
 OF THE LOAN, THE LOAN DOCUMENTS, THIS AGREEMENT OR ALL DOCUMENTS AND AGREEMENTS EXECUTED
 IN CONJUNCTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT. 

FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT Page | 10 

j. Notice .
 All notices or demands hereunder to the parties will be sufficient if made in writing, addressed
 as follows, and (i) transmitted by e-mail; (ii) sent via overnight mail, postage prepaid;
 or (iii) sent certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid: 

If to Lender: 
 
 Stearns Bank, N.A. 

Attn: Joshua Borgerding 

4191 2 nd Street South 

St. Cloud, MN 56301 

JoshB@stearnsbank.com 

If to Borrower: 
 
 Leander Associates LTD 

Attn: BJ Parrish 

8800 Village Dr. Ste. 106 

San Antoni, TX 78217 

bj@myclearyday.com 

If to Guarantor: 
 
 James T. Walesa 

2015 W. Magnolia Ave. 

San Antonio, TX 78201 

jim@myclearyday.com 

k. Amendments .
 This Agreement may not be amended or modified except in a writing signed by the parties. 

l. Successors
 and Assigns . This Agreement is binding upon and inures to the benefit of Lender, Borrower,
 Guarantor, and their respective successors, heirs (where appropriate), and assigns. This
 Agreement is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other
 person. 

m. Headings .
 The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and will not affect
 in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 

n. Execution
 in Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by
 different parties on separate counterparts, each of which counterparts, when so executed
 and delivered, will be deemed to be an original and all of which counterparts, taken together,
 will constitute but one and the same agreement. 

o. Electronic
 Signatures . This Agreement may be signed by electronic means, and each electronic signature
 appearing on or logically associated with this Agreement is the same as an original handwritten
 signature for purposes of the validity, enforceability, and admissibility of this Agreement
 in any proceeding. 

FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT Page | 11 

p. Severability .
 If any part, term, or provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction
 to be illegal, unenforceable, or in conflict with any applicable law, the validity and enforceability
 of the remaining portions or provisions of this Agreement will not be affected thereby. 

q. Further
 Assurance . Borrower and Guarantor agree to execute such further documents and instruments
 as Lender may request to implement the provisions of this Agreement and to perfect and protect
 all related liens and security. 

r. Time
 is of the Essence . Time is of the essence with respect to each obligation set forth in
 this Agreement. 

s. Entire
 Agreement . This Agreement, and any agreements, documents, and instruments executed and
 delivered pursuant hereto or in connection herewith, or incorporated herein by reference,
 contains the entire agreement of the parties hereto, and no party will be bound by anything
 not expressed in writing. 

[ Remainder
of page left intentionally blank; signature pages to follow ] 

FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT Page | 12 

Executed
as of the Effective Date. 

LENDER: 

STEARNS
 BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION: 

By: 
 Joshua
 Borgerding 

Its: 
 Commercial
 Lending Manager 

BORROWER: 

Leander
 Associates ltd 

By: 
 James
 T. Walesa 

Its: 
 Authorized
 Officer 

By: 
 BJ
 Parrish 

Its: 
 Authorized
 Officer 

GUARANTOR: 

JAMES
 T. WALESA 

By: 
 James
 T. Walesa, individually. 

FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT Page | 13 

</EX-10.11-2>

<EX-10.84>
 4
 ex10-84.htm

Exhibit 10.84 

Stockdale
Property Sale and Repurchase Right Agreement 

This
Sale and Repurchase Right Agreement (this Agreement is by and among James T. Walesa, and individual with a residence
in Bexar County, Texas Purchaser ), and Stockdale Associates, Ltd., a Texas Limited Partnership (the Company and is dated as of May 22, 2023 (the Effective Date ). 

WHEREAS ,
the Company is the owner of two tracts of land of approximately 1.5 acres and 0.79 acres located in the City of Stockdale, Texas (collectively,
the Property ); 

WHEREAS ,
Clearday, Inc. Clearday ), the ultimate parent of the Company, requires additional financing and desires to monetize
the Property; 

WHEREAS ,
the Company has not been able to obtain mortgage financing on the Property and a lender is willing to provide such mortgage financing
if the Property is owned by an individual; 

WHEREAS ,
James Walesa, the Chief Executive Officer of Clearday, is willing to personally obtain such financing; 

NOW
THEREFORE , for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties to this
Agreement agree as follows: 

1. Sale
 and Conveyance of the Property. 

1.1. On
the Effective Date: 

1.1.1. the
Company hereby sells, conveys and transfers (the Property Sale all rights of the Company in, to and under the Property
to Purchaser. Such Property Sale shall be through a Special Limited Warranty Deed in the substance and form reasonably acceptable to
the parties; and 

1.1.2. the
Purchaser agrees to pay to the Company the amount of 155,925.04, which amount the Company confirms has been received on the Effective
Date. 

1.2. Each
of the parties agree that the form of the Special Limited Warranty Deed attached as Exhibit I is acceptable to such party. 

2. Repurchase
 Right. 

2.1. During
the Repurchase Term (as hereinafter defined), the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation (the Repurchase Right to purchase the Property as provided in this Section 2. 

2.2. The
Company may exercise its Repurchase Right on any date during the period (the Repurchase Term that commences on
the Effective Date and expires on June 1, 2028 by delivering a notice (the Exercise Notice to the Purchaser to
such effect that includes the closing date for such repurchase (the Repurchase Closing Date which date shall not
be earlier than five business days after the date the Exercise Notice is delivered and is not later than ten business days after the
date the Exercise Notice is delivered. Upon the delivery of the Exercise Notice, the exercise of the Repurchase Right shall be irrevocable. 

2.3. If
the Repurchase Right is exercised by the due delivery of a proper Exercise Notice, then on the Repurchase Closing Date: 

2.3.1. The
Company shall pay to the Purchaser in cash by wire transfer the aggregate Repurchase Price; 

2.3.2. The
Purchaser shall sell, convey and transfer to the Company all of its rights in, to and under the Property free and clear of all Liens,
other than Permitted Liens. 

2.3.3. The
Company shall pay off in full all of the Permitted Liens that are required to be paid on the Repurchase Closing Date. 

2.3.4. For
the purposes of this Agreement the term 

(a) Repurchase
Price shall equal an amount equal to 175,000 plus an amount equal to 10.9 annually on such amount, determined on the basis
of a 360 day year from and after the Effective Date; and 

(b) Permitted
Liens shall mean the mortgage in favor of Blackburne Sons Realty Capital Corporation, 555 University Ave., Ste. 150,
Sacramento, California 95825 and any other Liens that are expressly accepted in writing by the Company as a Permitted Lien. 

(c) Liens 
shall mean any security interest, pledge, mortgage, lien (including, without limitation, environmental and tax liens), charge, encumbrance,
adverse claim, preferential arrangement or restriction on the use, voting, transfer or receipt of income. 

2.4. Upon
the closing of the Repurchase Right, the Company shall assume all obligations of the Permitted Liens. The Company shall not have any
obligations regarding any Liens that are not Permitted Liens. All obligations of Liens regarding the Property that are not obligations
of the Permitted Liens shall be retained and paid by Purchaser. 

3. Covenants. 

3.1. During
the Repurchase Term, the Purchaser covenants and agrees to: 

3.1.1. Not
incur any Liens regarding the Property other than Permitted Liens; 

3.1.2. Pay
all taxes and other expenses that are required to be paid to any government related to the Property; 

3.1.3. Not
sell or transfer the Property without providing notice to the Company of at least 30 days prior to incurring any such obligation to sell
or transfer the Property. 

2 

3.2. During
the Repurchase Term, the Company covenants and agrees to: 

3.2.1. Pay
to Purchaser an amount equal to 1,589.58 per month, on the first day of each month; and 

3.2.2. Pay
to the Purchaser the amount of all taxes and charges by governments that are required to be paid on account of the ownership of the Property
on the date that any such payment is due and payable. 

4. Other
 Provisions 

4.1. Expenses .
All costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party
incurring such costs and expenses. 

4.2. Attorneys 
Fees . In the event that any party institutes any legal suit, action, or proceeding against the other party to enforce the
covenants contained in this Agreement (or obtain any other remedy in respect of any breach of this Agreement) arising out of or relating
to this Agreement, the prevailing party in the suit, action or proceeding shall be entitled to receive, in addition to all other damages
to which it may be entitled, the costs incurred by such party in conducting the suit, action, or proceeding, including reasonable attorneys 
fees and expenses and court costs. 

4.3. Further
Assurances . Each of the parties hereto shall execute and deliver such additional documents, instruments, conveyances, and
assurances and take such further actions as may be reasonably required to carry out the provisions hereof and give effect to the transactions
contemplated hereby. 

4.4. Notices .
All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers, and other communications hereunder (each, a Notice shall
be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given (a) when delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt); (b) when received
by the addressee if sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier (receipt requested); (c) on the date sent by email (with confirmation
of transmission) if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and on the next Business Day if sent after normal business hours
of the recipient; or (d) on the third day after the date mailed, by certified or registered mail (in each case, return receipt requested,
postage pre-paid). Notices must be sent to the respective parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as
shall be specified in a Notice given in accordance with this Section 4.4): 

If
 to Purchaser: 
 2150
 W Magnolia Ave 
 San
 Antonio TX 78201 
 Email
 thaddeusresearch23@gmail.com 
 
 If
 to the Company: 
 c/o
 Clearday, Inc. 
 8800
 Village Drive, Second Floor 
 San
 Antonio, Texas 78217 
 Attn:
 BJ Parrish, Manager 
 Email:
 BJ@myclearday.com 

3 

4.5. Headings .
The headings in this Agreement are for reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. 

4.6. Severability .
If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or
unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision
in any other jurisdiction. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the parties
hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible
in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest
extent possible. 

4.7. Entire
Agreement . This Agreement and all related exhibits and schedules, constitutes the sole and entire agreement of the parties
to this Agreement with respect to the subject matter contained herein, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements,
representations, and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. 

4.8. Amendment
and Modification . This Agreement may only be amended, modified, or supplemented by an agreement in writing signed by each
party hereto. 

4.9. Waiver .
No waiver by any party of any of the provisions hereof shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and signed by the party
so waiving. No waiver by any party shall operate or be construed as a waiver in respect of any failure, breach, or default not expressly
identified by such written waiver, whether of a similar or different character, and whether occurring before or after that waiver. No
failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power, or privilege arising from this Agreement shall operate or be construed
as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power, or privilege hereunder preclude any other
or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power, or privilege. 

4.10. Cumulative
Remedies . The rights and remedies under this Agreement are cumulative and are in addition to and not in substitution for any
other rights and remedies available at law or in equity or otherwise. 

4.11. Assignment .
Neither party may assign any of its rights or delegate any of its obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other
party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed. No assignment or delegation shall relieve the assigning
or delegating party of any of its obligations hereunder. 

4.12. Successors
and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
permitted successors and permitted assigns. 

4.13. No
Third-Party Beneficiaries . This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
permitted assigns and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other person or entity any legal or
equitable right, benefit, or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement. 

4 

4.14. Governing
Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Texas without
giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Texas or any other jurisdiction). 

4.15. Submission
to Jurisdiction . Any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or based upon or relating to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby shall be instituted in the federal courts of the United States of America or the courts of the State of Texas in
each case located in the City of San Antonio, Texas and County of Bexar Texas, and each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of such courts in any such suit, action, or proceeding. Service of process, summons, notice, or other document by certified mail in accordance
with Section 4.4 shall be effective service of process for any suit, action, or other proceeding brought in any such court. The parties
irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to venue of any suit, action, or proceeding in such courts and irrevocably waive
and agree not to plead or claim in any such court that any such suit, action, or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought
in an inconvenient forum. 

4.16. Waiver
of Jury Trial . 

EACH
PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY THAT MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT
ISSUES AND, THEREFORE, EACH SUCH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF
ANY LEGAL ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT CERTIFIES
AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) NO REPRESENTATIVE OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT
SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER IN THE EVENT OF A LEGAL ACTION, (B) SUCH PARTY HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (C)
SUCH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND (D) SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE
MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 4.16. 

4.17. Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall be deemed
to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by email or other means of electronic transmission shall
be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement. 

5 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties to this Agreement have duly executed and delivered this Agreement as of the Effective Date as defined
above. 

James
 T. Walesa 

Stockdale
 Associates, Ltd. 

By:

Name:
 
 BJ
Parrish 

Title: 
 Authorized
Person 

6 

</EX-10.84>

<EX-21>
 5
 ex21.htm

Exhibit 21 

Subsidiaries Of Clearday, Inc. 

Subsidiary 
 
 State
 of Organization 

AIU
 8800 Village Drive, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

AIU
 Alternative Care, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

AIU
 Impact Management LLC 
 
 Delaware 

All
 In GP Company, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Caerus
 Hospitality Partners, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Caerus
 Hospitality, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Cibolo
 Rodeo, Ltd 
 
 Texas 

Clearday
 Alternative Care Oz Fund, LP 
 
 Delaware 

Clearday
 Clubs, Ltd 
 
 Texas 

Clearday
 Management, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Clearday
 Naples LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Clearday
 Operations, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Conductus,
 Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Leander
 Associates, Ltd. 
 
 Texas 

MCA
 Management, Inc. 
 
 Tennessee 

MCA
 Naples Holdings, LLC 
 
 Tennessee 

MCA
 Naples Operating Company, LLC 
 
 Tennessee 

MCA
 Naples, LLC 
 
 Tennessee 

MCA
 New Braunfels Operating Company, LLC 
 
 Tennessee 

MCA
 Simpsonville Operating Company, LLC 
 
 Tennessee 

MCA
 Westover Hills Operating Company, LLC 
 
 Tennessee 

MCA
 Westover Hills, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Memory
 Care America LLC 
 
 Tennessee 

Memory
 Care at Good Shepherd, LLC 
 
 Arkansas 

Naples
 JV LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Primrose
 Wellness Group, LLC 
 
 Texas 

Shadow
 Retail Partners, L.P. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 SRP
 Artesia, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Stockdale
 Associates, Ltd. 
 
 Texas 

Trident
 Healthcare Properties, LP 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

Statement
Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

 Regarding
Facts and Circumstances Relating to Exchange Act Filings 

I,
James T. Walesa, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Clearday, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, considering the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 May 25, 2023 

/s/
 James T. Walesa 

James
 T. Walesa 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

Statement
Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

 Regarding
Facts and Circumstances Relating to Exchange Act Filings 

I,
BJ Parrish, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Clearday, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 May 25, 2023 

/s/
 BJ Parrish 

BJ
 Parrish 

Interim
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

Statement
Pursuant to Section 906 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 By 

 Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Regarding Facts and Circumstances Relating to Exchange Act Filings 

 Dated:
 May 25, 2023 

I,
James T. Walesa, Chief Executive Officer of Clearday, Inc., hereby certify, to my knowledge, that: 

1.
the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of Clearday, Inc. for the annual period ended December 31, 2021 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and 

2.
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of Clearday, Inc. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Statement as of the date first written above. 

/s/
 James T. Walesa 

James
 T. Walesa 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

Statement
Pursuant to Section 906 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 By 

 Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Regarding Facts and Circumstances Relating to Exchange Act Filings 

Dated:
May 25, 2023 

I,
BJ Parrish, Chief Financial Officer of Clearday, Inc., hereby certify, to my knowledge, that: 

1.
the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of Clearday, Inc. for the annual period ended December 31, 2021 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and 

2.
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of Clearday, Inc. 

/s/
 BJ Parrish 

BJ
 Parrish 

Interim
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting and Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 clrd-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 clrd-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 clrd-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 clrd-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

