<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230526_10-K_edgar_data_1837344_0001213900-23-043558.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3118134</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>213744</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>649746</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>624805</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>790933</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>762326</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-043558.hdr.sgml : 20230526
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230526164051
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-043558
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230526
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230526

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nocturne Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001837344
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40259
		FILM NUMBER:		23969742

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 GERMAY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		UNIT 4 #1066
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19804
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8582287142

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 GERMAY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		UNIT 4 #1066
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19804

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-043558.txt : 20230526

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_nocturneacq.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended
 , 

TRANSITION REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from to 

Commission file number:

Nocturne Acquisition
Corporation 

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone
number, including area code: 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: The Stock Market LLC The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the ordinary shares
outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price
for the ordinary shares on December 31, 2022, as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market was . 

As of May 25, 2023 there were 
ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

Documents incorporated by reference: None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 Item
 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 
 Risk
 Factors 
 
 15 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 
 17 
 
 Item
 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 17 
 
 Item
 3. 
 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 
 17 
 
 Item
 4. 
 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 
 17 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 18 
 
 Item
 6. 
 
 Reserved 
 
 19 
 
 Item
 7. 
 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 19 
 
 Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 22 
 
 Item
 8. 
 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 22 
 
 Item
 9. 
 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 23 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 
 23 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 
 Other
 Information 
 
 23 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 23 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 24 
 
 Item
 11. 
 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 
 28 
 
 Item
 12. 
 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 29 
 
 Item
 13. 
 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 31 
 
 Item
 14. 
 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 33 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 
 Exhibit
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 34 
 
 Item
 16. 
 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 
 34 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Report (as defined below),
including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act (as
defined below) and Section 21E of the Exchange Act (as defined below). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the
use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, 
 intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, 
 continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There
can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to,
any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are
not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results
may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or
 directors following our initial business combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts
 of interest with our business, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

our expectations around the performance of the target business; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number
of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be
materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these
forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

Unless otherwise stated in
this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

amended
 and restated memorandum and articles of association are to our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association which took effect upon completion of our initial public
 offering; 

board of directors or board are to the board of directors of the Company; 

Chardan are to Chardan Capital Markets, LLC; 

Cognos are to Cognos Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation, the proposed target company with which the Company is seeking to effect its initial business combination, as previously disclosed by the Company in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2023; 

Companies Act are to the Companies Act (2020 Revision) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; 

company, our company, we, or us are to Nocturne Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman Islands exempted company; 

Continental are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our trust account (as defined below) and rights agent of our public rights (as defined below); 

De-SPAC Deadline are to the deadline specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association by which we must consummate an initial business combination, as the same may have been and may be from time to time extended (this date, which was originally April 5, 2022 following our initial public offering, is currently October 5, 2023); 

ii 

DWAC System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; 

equity-linked securities are to any securities of the company which are convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, our ordinary shares; 

Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

Extension Amendment Proposal are to the proposal to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which the Company shall consummate the initial business combination from April 5, 2023 to October 5, 2023 (which proposal was ultimately approved by the Company s shareholders), as further described in the March Proxy Statement; 

FINRA are to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority; 

founder shares are to our ordinary shares initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering and, unless the context otherwise requires; 

GAAP are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; 

IFRS are to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; 

initial business combination are to a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (and, in the case of the Company, it is anticipated that this initial business combination will be the proposed merger with Cognos under the Merger Agreement); 

initial public offering are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on April 5, 2021; 

initial shareholders are to the holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering; 

Investment Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

JOBS Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 

management or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

March Proxy Statement are to that certain Definitive Proxy Statement, dated March 8, 2023, that we filed with the SEC with respect to an extraordinary general meeting of our shareholders held on April 3, 2023, as modified by those certain additional soliciting materials we filed with the SEC on March 31, 2023; 

Merger Agreement are to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 30, 2022, by and among the Company, Nocturne Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and Cognos, as previously disclosed by the Company in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2023; 

Nasdaq are to the Nasdaq Capital Market; 

ordinary shares are to the Company s ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; 

PCAOB are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); 

iii 

private
 placement rights are to the rights included within the private placement units purchased by our sponsor in the private placement; 

private
 placement shares are to the ordinary shares included within the private placement units purchased by our sponsor in the private
 placement; 

private
 placement units are to the units purchased by our sponsor in the private placement, each placement unit consisting of one
 private placement share and one private placement right to receive one-tenth of one ordinary share; 

public
 rights are to the rights sold as part of the public units in our initial public offering (whether they are purchased in the
 offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public
 shareholders are to the holders of our public shares; 

public
 shares are to our ordinary shares offered as part of the public units in our initial public offering (whether they are subscribed
 for in the offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public
 units are to the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist of one public share and one public right; 

Registration
 Statement are to the Form S-1 initially filed with the SEC on February 8, 2021 (File No. 333-252852), as amended; 

Report 
 are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

SEC 
 are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

SPAC are to special purpose acquisition corporations (such as the Company); 

Securities
 Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

trust
 account are to the trust account in which an amount of 116,150,000 10.10 per unit)
 from the net proceeds of the sale of the public units in the initial public offering and
 private placement units was placed following the closing of the initial public offering. 

units 
 are to the public units and private placement units; and 

iv 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

We are a blank check company
incorporated on October 28, 2020 as a Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout
this Report as our initial business combination. We have selected Cognos as the business combination target. 

Initial Public Offering 

On April 5, 2021, we consummated
our initial public offering of 10,000,000 public units. On April 14, 2021, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in
full and purchased 1,500,000 additional public units. Each public unit consists of one ordinary share and one right to receive one-tenth
of an ordinary share upon consummation of our initial business combination. The public units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit,
generating gross proceeds to the Company of 115,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 450,000 private placement units to our sponsor at a
purchase price of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating gross proceeds of 4,500,000. On April 14, 2021, simultaneously with
the exercise of the over-allotment option, we consummated a private sale of an additional 15,000 private placement units, generating
gross proceeds of 150,000. 

A total of 116,150,000,
comprised of the proceeds from the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units was placed in the trust account
maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. 

It is the job of our sponsor
and management team to complete our initial business combination. Our management team is led by Henry Monzon, our Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, and Ka Seng (Thomas) Ao, our Chief Financial Officer, who have extensive international experience in disruptive technologies,
business operations, investments and merger and acquisition transactions. We must complete our initial business combination by the De-SPAC
Deadline or else we will be required to liquidate and distribute all amounts in the trust account. The De-SPAC Deadline is currently October
5, 2023. 

Our Search for a Business Combination 

The company was incorporated
for the purpose of effecting an initial business combination with one or more businesses. We sought to do this by utilizing the networks
and industry experience of both our sponsor and our board to identify, acquire and operate a suitable target business. Following an extensive
search and due diligence process, in which we explored the possibility of entering into a business combination agreement with a number
of potential target companies, we identified Cognos as the preferred partner company for our business combination transaction. 

On December 30, 2022, following
a review and consideration of the final terms of the Merger Agreement and the other transaction documents, our board adopted unanimous
written resolutions which authorized and approved the company s entry into the Merger Agreement. Following the board s approval,
our company, Cognos and Nocturne Merger Sub, Inc. executed the Merger Agreement. 

1 

Business Strategy 

In identifying, evaluating
and selecting Cognos as a suitable target for our initial business combination, the board considered a number of factors, including but
not limited to, the following material factors and viewpoints: 

Cognos is developing
 innovative and potentially groundbreaking technology that has the potential to radically
 advance the diagnosis and treatment of neuropathic diseases. Our management team carefully
 assessed the advantages and disadvantages of entering into a business combination transaction
 with Cognos, ultimately reaching the conclusion that such transaction was in the best interest
 of the company and its shareholders and consistent with the general criteria and guidelines
 we set out in the prospectus for the initial public offering with respect to potential acquisition
 opportunities; 

Through
 our legal and business diligence, we determined that Cognos has fundamentally sound operational
 and governance practices and that it has the potential for improved performance under our
 ownership and with the benefits that come from access to the public markets; 

Cognos operations
 are currently limited to the U.S. In addition to strong organic growth potential, this presents
 significant growth opportunities to meaningfully accelerate growth through geographic expansion,
 business combinations, disruptive products and engineering expertise; 

Cognos 
 SINNAIS Implantable Smart Pump technology has the potential of becoming a leading
 product for the diagnosis and treatment of neuropathic diseases, which would allow Cognos
 to develop a leading presence across the industry; 

Based
 on our legal and business diligence, including numerous discussions with key Cognos personnel,
 we believe that the strength of the Cognos team will be an asset to our combined company
 that will facilitate our combined company s ability to obtain regulatory approvals
 for its product candidates and to successfully commercialize its products in the future; 

Upon diligence and review of market conditions, the board believes that the terms of the business combination are attractive relative to market comparables that provide significant upside potential. After completing a comprehensive review and analysis of potential alternatives and business combination targets, the board is of the view that no alternatives were reasonably likely to create greater value for our shareholders; and 

A fairness opinion issued by Newbridge Securities Corporation, effective as of October 26, 2022, stating that the consideration to be received by the company s shareholders in connection with the proposed business combination transaction was fair, from a financial point of view. 

2 

Initial business combination 

Nasdaq rules require that
our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at
least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable) at the time of our
signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Based on the financial analysis of Cognos that was
performed at the time the transaction was approved, our board determined that this requirement was met. 

We have filed a Registration
Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the
rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or
other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of the business combination. We will have until the De-SPAC
Deadline to consummate our initial business combination. 

Status as a public company 

We believe our structure
makes us an attractive business combination partner to Cognos. As an existing public company, we offer Cognos an alternative to the traditional
initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation, the owners of Cognos will exchange their equity
interests, shares and/or shares of stock in Cognos for our shares or for a combination of our shares and cash, allowing us to tailor
the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public
company, this method offers a more certain and cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering.
In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that
may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. 

Furthermore, once the proposed
business combination is completed, Cognos will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to
the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering
from occurring. Once public, we believe Cognos will then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management
incentives consistent with shareholders interests. Going public can offer further benefits by augmenting Cognos profile
among potential new customers and vendors and aiding in attracting talented employees. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth
company until the earlier of (1) (a) December 31, 2026, (b) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual
gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated
filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th ,
and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

3 

Financial position 

With funds available for a
business combination in the amount of 21,100,382 as of December 31, 2022, which amount includes 4,025,000 of deferred underwriting fees,
before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination, we offer Cognos a variety of options such as creating a liquidity
event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by
reducing its debt ratio. Because we will be able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities,
or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration
to be paid to Cognos to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not obtained third party financing and there can be no assurance such
financing will be available to us. 

Effecting our initial business combination 

We are not presently engaged
in, and we will not engage in, any operations until we consummate our initial business combination. We intend to effectuate our initial
business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private placement units,
our shares, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination
is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are for payment of the consideration
in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash
released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the combined
company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, the purchase
of other companies or for working capital. 

We may seek to raise additional
funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and
we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust
account. 

In the case of an initial
business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials disclosing the business combination would
disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions
on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not
a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities
or otherwise, but the Merger Agreement contemplates the possibility that we may enter into such arrangements in connection with the consummation
of the merger with Cognos. 

Selection of a target business and structuring
of our initial business combination 

Nasdaq rules require that
the business or assets acquired in our initial business combination have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance of the
funds in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable) at the time of the execution of a definitive
agreement for our initial business combination. Based on the financial analysis of Cognos that was performed at the time the transaction
was approved, our board determined that this requirement was met. The board determined that the consideration being paid in the business
combination, which amount was negotiated at arms-length, was fair to and in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders and
appropriately reflected the value of Cognos. Our board believes that the financial skills and background of its members qualify it to
conclude that the proposed acquisition of Cognos met this requirement and make the other required determinations regarding the transaction. 

4 

In any case, we will only
complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the
target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business, the portion
of the target business that is owned or acquired by the combined company is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets
test. 

In evaluating Cognos as our
proposed target business, we conducted a thorough due diligence review which encompassed, among other things, meetings with incumbent
management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information
which was made available to us. 

The time required to structure
and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree
of certainty, and it cannot be assured that we will be able to successfully consummate our initial business combination. 

Lack of business diversification 

For an indefinite period of
time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance
of Cognos. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries,
it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business.
By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

5 

Limited ability to evaluate the target s management team 

Although we closely scrutinized
the management of Cognos when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with Cognos, our assessment of
Cognos management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications
or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in Cognos following the
merger cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is anticipated that one or more of our directors may remain associated
in some capacity with the combined company following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their
full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. 

Following a business combination,
we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of Cognos. We cannot assure you that we will have the
ability to recruit additional managers, or that such additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary
to enhance the incumbent management. 

Shareholders will have the ability to approve
our initial business combination 

Under our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association, we must provide all holders of public shares with the opportunity to have their public shares
redeemed upon the consummation of our initial business combination either in conjunction with a tender offer or in conjunction with a
shareholder vote. For business and other reasons, we have elected to provide our shareholders with the opportunity to have their public
shares redeemed in connection with a shareholder vote rather than a tender offer. Therefore, we are seeking to obtain the approval of
our shareholders of the business combination in order to allow our public shareholders to effectuate redemptions of their public shares
in connection with the consummation of the business combination. The approval of the business combination is required under the amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association. In addition, such approval is also a condition to the consummation of the business
combination under the Merger Agreement. 

Permitted purchases of our securities 

Our sponsor, directors, officers,
or their respective affiliates may purchase shares or rights in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to
or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares such persons may purchase.
However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions
for any such transactions. In the event our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates decide to make any such purchases
at the time of a shareholder vote relating to our initial business combination, such purchases could have the effect of influencing the
vote necessary to approve such transaction. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or rights in such transactions.
Our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates are prohibited from making any such purchases when they are in possession
of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange
Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares,
is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. We cannot currently determine whether
our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon several factors, including but
not limited to the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant
to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. 

6 

In the event that our sponsor,
directors, officers, or their respective affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who
have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections
to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender
offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however,
if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers must comply
with such rules. 

The purpose of such purchases
would be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder
approval of the business combination or (ii) satisfy a closing condition in the Merger Agreement that requires us to have a certain
amount of cash on hand at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not
be met. The purpose of any such purchases of rights could also be to reduce the number of rights, or underlying securities, outstanding.
This may result in the completion of our initial business combination when it may not otherwise have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public float of our ordinary shares may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities
may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities
exchange. 

Our sponsor, directors, officers,
or their respective affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, directors, officers, or their
respective affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases, by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of
redemption requests submitted by shareholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination.
To the extent that our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would only identify
and contact potential selling shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust
account or vote against the business combination. Such persons would select the shareholders from whom to acquire shares based on the
number of shares available, the negotiated price per share and such other factors as any such person may deem relevant at the time of
purchase. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive
if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective
affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities
laws. 

Any purchases by our sponsor,
directors, officers, or their respective affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only
be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for
manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that
must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective
affiliates are prohibited from making purchases of ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5
of the Exchange Act. 

Redemption rights for public shareholders
upon completion of our initial business combination 

We will provide our public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior
to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by
the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account
was initially approximately 10.10 per public share and, based on the Company s current estimates (as further described in the March
Proxy Statement), as of the extraordinary general meeting of our shareholders held on April 3, 2023, the per share price at which the
public shares may be redeemed was approximately 10.87 . The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their
shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include
the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors
have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their
founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with the completion of our initial business
combination. 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act
of 2022 became law, which, among other things, imposes a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions)
of stock by publicly traded U.S. corporations and certain domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations. Because we will
domesticate as a Delaware corporation prior to the redemptions, and because our securities are trading on Nasdaq, the combined company
may be subject to the excise tax with respect to any redemptions of the combined company common stock in connection with the business
combination that are treated as repurchases for this purpose. The Company has determined that it will not use the proceeds placed in the
trust account and the interest earned thereon to pay any excise taxes or any other fees or taxes similar in nature that may be imposed
on the Company pursuant to any current, pending or future rules or laws, including without limitation any excise tax due imposed under
the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 on any redemptions or stock buybacks by the Company. 

7 

Manner of conducting redemptions 

Pursuant to our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association, a public shareholder may request that the company redeem all or a portion of such public
shareholder s public shares for cash upon the consummation of an initial business combination either in conjunction with a tender
offer or in conjunction with a shareholder vote. For business and other reasons, we have elected to provide our shareholders with the
opportunity to have their public shares redeemed in connection with a shareholder vote rather than a tender offer. So long as we obtain
and maintain a listing for our securities on the Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq rules. 

We will, pursuant to our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct
 the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A
 of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the
 tender offer rules; and 

file
 proxy materials with the SEC. 

We expect that a final proxy
statement would be mailed to public shareholders at least 5 days prior to the shareholder vote. However, we expect that a draft
proxy statement would be made available to such shareholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption
if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Although we are not required to do so, we currently intend to comply
with the substantive and procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any shareholder vote even if we are not able
to maintain our Nasdaq listing or Exchange Act registration. 

We will distribute proxy materials
and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial
business combination. It is expected that the mechanics of exercising redemption rights in connection with any future redemption opportunity
will be substantially similar to the mechanics that the Company described in the Definitive Proxy Statement with respect to the extraordinary
general meeting in lieu of the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders held by the Company on October 4, 2022 and the mechanics that the Company
described in the March Proxy Statement. 

We will complete our initial
business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of
a majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at an extraordinary general
meeting in favor of the business combination. In such case, pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, our sponsor,
officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree) to vote any founder shares and private placement shares
held by them and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination.
We expect that at the time of any shareholder vote relating to our initial business combination, our initial shareholders and their respective
permitted transferees will own a substantial percentage of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares entitled to vote thereon. Each public
shareholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition,
our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption
rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with the completion of a business
combination. 

By approving the Extension
Amendment Proposal, the Company s shareholders have authorized the Company to (i) remove from the trust account an amount equal
to the number of public shares properly redeemed multiplied by the per share price, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account as of two business days prior to such approval, including any interest earned on the trust account deposits (which interest
shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares and (ii) deliver to the holders of such redeemed
public shares their portion of the amount removed from the trust account. The remainder of such funds shall remain in the trust account
and be available for use by the Company to complete the business combination on or before the extended De-SPAC Deadline of October 5,
2023. Public shareholders who do not redeem their public shares will retain their redemption rights and their ability to vote on the business
combination through October 5, 2023. 

Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association and the terms of the Merger Agreement provide that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after
such redemption) our net tangible assets are at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business
combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny
stock rules). In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all ordinary shares that are validly
submitted for redemption exceeds the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem
any shares, and all ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

8 

Limitation on redemption upon completion of
our initial business combination 

Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with
whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be
restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess Shares. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from
accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights
against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our sponsor or its affiliates to purchase their shares at a significant
premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than
an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering (1,725,000 shares) could threaten to exercise its redemption rights
if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our sponsor or its affiliates at a premium to the then-current market price or
on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public
offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete
our initial business combination, given the closing condition in the Merger Agreement that we have a minimum amount of cash on hand. We
may waive this restriction in our sole discretion. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of
their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers and directors have, pursuant
to a letter agreement entered into with us, waived their right to have any founder shares, private placement shares or public shares held
by them redeemed in connection with our initial business combination. Unless any of our other affiliates acquires founder shares through
a permitted transfer from an initial shareholder, and thereby becomes subject to the letter agreement, no such affiliate is subject to
this waiver. However, to the extent any such affiliate acquires public shares, it would be a public shareholder and restricted from seeking
redemption rights with respect to any Excess Shares. 

Tendering share certificates in connection with redemption rights 

To exercise their redemption
rights, our public shareholders must deliver or tender their shares (and share certificate(s) (if any) and other redemption forms) to
the company s transfer agent at least two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination.
Public shareholders may tender their shares by either delivering or tendering their shares (and share certificate(s) (if any) and other
redemption forms) to the transfer agent or by delivering or tendering their shares electronically using the Depository Trust Company s
DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system. Shareholders holding their shares in street name will need to instruct their bank, broker
or other nominee to withdraw the shares from their account in order to exercise their redemption rights. A final proxy statement will
be mailed to public shareholders at least 5 days prior to the shareholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement
will be made available to such shareholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption. Given the relatively
short exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated
with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer
agent will typically charge the tendering broker 100.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the
redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption
rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of
when such delivery must be effectuated. 

9 

The foregoing is
different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their
business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial
business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card
indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the
company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result,
the shareholder would then have an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or
she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she
could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a
result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become
 option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its
certificate. In the case of our Company, the requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the general meeting ensures
that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

Any request of a public shareholder
of the Company to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date of the extraordinary general meeting set
forth in our proxy materials. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption
rights and subsequently decides, prior to the applicable deadline, not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request
that the transfer agent return its certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders
of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination
is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be
entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates
delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed business
combination with Cognos is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target company until
the De-SPAC Deadline. 

Redemption of public shares and liquidation
if no initial business combination 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors have agreed that we will have only until the De-SPAC Deadline to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination by such De-SPAC Deadline, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of
winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at
a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (including interest), less up to
 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and
outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the
right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject
in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our rights, which will expire worthless if we fail to
complete our initial business combination by the De-SPAC Deadline. 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to their founder shares and private placement shares if we fail to complete our initial business
combination by the De-SPAC Deadline. However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares after our initial public offering,
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our
initial business combination by the De-SPAC Deadline. 

10 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors have agreed, pursuant to a written letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association that would (i) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by
the De-SPAC Deadline or (ii) modify certain other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity,
unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at
a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest
shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares. However, we will only redeem our public
shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation
of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s
 penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares
such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related
redemption of our public shares. 

If we do not consummate our
initial business combination by the De-SPAC Deadline, we expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution,
as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the 47,373 held outside the trust account as of December
31, 2022, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient
to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued
in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request that the trustee release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of
such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If we were to expend all of
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, other than the proceeds deposited in the
trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders upon our dissolution would be at least 10.10 and, based on the Company s current estimates (as further described
in the March Proxy Statement), as of the extraordinary general meeting of our shareholders held on April 3, 2023, the per share price
at which the public shares may be redeemed was approximately 10.87. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become
subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you
that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.87 or even substantially
less than 10.10. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide
for all creditors claims. 

Although we have sought and
will continue to seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other
entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies
held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements, or
even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited
to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability
of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the
trust account. Cognos has agreed to such a waiver pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement. If any third party refuses to execute
an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives
available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such
third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where
we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise
or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or
in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such
entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or
agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are
unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection
with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may
be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the
extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective
target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to
below (i) 10.10 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation
of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn
to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to
seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against
certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company,
and our operations are limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only third parties we have engaged or expect
to engage in the future are vendors such as lawyers, investment bankers, computer or information and technical services providers or prospective
target businesses. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not
be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has
sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company.
None of our other officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective
target businesses, including Cognos. 

11 

In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.10 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust
account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the
amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors, in exercising their business judgment, may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you
that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be substantially less than 10.10 per share. 

We will seek to reduce the
possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service
providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Cognos has agreed to such a
waiver pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the
underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access
to up to the amounts held outside the trust account 47,373 as of December 31, 2022), with which to pay any such potential claims. In
the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders
who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

If we file a bankruptcy or
winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in
the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws, and may be included in our bankruptcy or insolvency estate
and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency
claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.10 per share to our public shareholders. Additionally,
if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either
a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek
to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our
creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders
from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for
these reasons. 

Our public shareholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest of (i) the completion of our initial business combination,
(ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within
the required time period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination
activity and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination by the
De-SPAC Deadline, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or
in the trust account. We have decided to seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, and a shareholder s
voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable
pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. 

12 

Amended and restated memorandum and articles of association 

Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association contains certain requirements and restrictions that will apply to us until the consummation of our initial
business combination. If we seek to amend any provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to
shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to
redeem their public shares in connection with any such vote, as we did in connection with the extraordinary general meeting in lieu of
the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders held by the Company on October 4, 2022 and as we did in connection with the extraordinary general
meeting as described in the March Proxy Statement. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive any redemption rights with
respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business
combination. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides, among other things, that: 

prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we shall either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at an extraordinary general meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to tender their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) in each case subject to the limitations described therein; 

we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon such consummation and, solely if we seek shareholder approval, obtain an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at an extraordinary general meeting in favor of the business combination; 

if
 our initial business combination is not consummated by the De-SPAC Deadline, then our existence
 will terminate and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account; and 

prior
 to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional ordinary shares that would
 entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote
 on any initial business combination. 

These provisions cannot be
amended without the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection
with our initial business combination, which we have decided to do for business and other reasons, our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provides that we may consummate our initial business combination only if approved by an ordinary resolution
under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled
to vote thereon and who vote at an extraordinary general meeting in favor of the business combination. 

13 

Conflicts of interest 

Each of our directors and
officers presently has, and in the future any of our directors and our officers may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present acquisition opportunities to such entity.
Accordingly, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an
acquisition opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she
will need to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such acquisition opportunity to such entity, and only present
it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, subject
to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, no director or officer shall be disqualified or prevented from contracting with
the company nor shall any contract or transaction entered into by or on behalf of the company in which any director shall have an interest
be liable to be voided. A director shall be at liberty to vote in respect of any contract or transaction in which he or she is interested,
provided that the nature of such interest shall be disclosed at or prior to its consideration or any vote thereon by the board of directors.
We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers would materially undermine
our ability to complete our business combination. 

In addition to our sponsor,
members of our management team may directly or indirectly own our ordinary shares and/or private placement units following our initial
public offering, and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business, including Cognos,
is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may
have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers
and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. Section
2.4(c)(vi) of the Merger Agreement will require certain directors and officers of the Company to resign or be removed from office upon
the consummation of the business combination. 

Indemnity 

Our sponsor has agreed that
it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or
products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount
of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.10 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust
account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of
the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed
a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Because we are a blank check
company, rather than an operating company, and our operations have been limited to searching for a prospective target business to acquire,
and will remain so limited if the initial business combination with Cognos is not consummated and we decide to pursue an alternative initial
business combination, the only third parties we have engaged or will engage are vendors such as lawyers, investment bankers, computer
or information and technical services providers or prospective target businesses. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed
to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.
We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations and believe that our
sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations. 

Employees 

We currently have two (2) officers.
Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters, but they devote as much of their
time as they deem necessary to our affairs to complete our initial business combination. The amount of time that our officers or any other
members of our management team have devoted in any time period to our matters has varied based on whether a target business was selected
for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process, and such amount of time will continue
to vary based on such factors in the future. 

14 

Periodic reporting and financial information 

Our public units, ordinary
shares and rights are registered under the Exchange Act and, as a result, we have reporting obligations, including the requirement that
we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports
will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public auditors. 

We will provide our shareholders
with audited financial statements of Cognos as part of the proxy solicitation materials sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing
Cognos business. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, U.S. GAAP,
or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the PCAOB. 

We are required by the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to
have our internal control procedures audited. Cognos may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
regarding the adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal controls of Cognos to achieve compliance with the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, if necessary, may increase the time and costs necessary to complete our initial business combination. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and references herein to such
term shall have the meaning associated with such term in the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies 
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from
the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market
for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107
of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided
in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the earliest of (a) December 31, 2026, (b) the last day of the fiscal year in which
we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be
a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as
of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities
during the prior three-year period. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company,
we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties and other
factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

we
 are a blank check company with no revenue; 

we
 may not be able to consummate the proposed initial business combination with Cognos on our
 expected timeframe or at all; 

15 

our
 expectations around the performance of Cognos may not be realized; 

we
 may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or
 directors following our initial business combination; 

our
 officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between the Company and
 other businesses and may potentially have conflicts of interest with our business or in approving
 our initial business combination; 

we
 may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination
 or reduce the number of shareholders requesting redemption; 

we
 may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at
 a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time; 

trust
 account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; 

an active market for our public securities may not develop and our
shareholders could have limited liquidity and trading opportunities; 

the
 availability to us of funds from interest income on the trust account balance may be insufficient
 to operate our business prior to the business combination; 

our
 financial performance following a business combination with Cognos may be negatively affected
 by Cognos lack of an established record of revenue, cash flows and experienced
 management; 

changes
 in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult
 and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination; 

we may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective
affiliates to provide additional services to us, which may include acting as a financial advisor in connection with an initial business
combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred
underwriting commissions that will be released from the trust account only upon completion of an initial business combination. These financial
incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us, including, for example,
in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination; 

since our initial shareholders will lose their entire investment in
us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to any public shares they may acquire), and because our
sponsor, officers and directors may profit substantially even under circumstances in which our public shareholders would experience losses
in connection with their investment, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target,
including Cognos, is appropriate for our initial business combination; 

Changes
 in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure
 to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our
 ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations; 

16 

uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC (as further described in the March Proxy Statement); 

The
 value of the founder shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the
 nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price of our common stock at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share; 

our
 ability to consummate an initial business combination may be adversely affected by economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial
 markets, including as a result of the military conflict in Ukraine; 

if
 the funds held outside of our trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until the De-SPAC Deadline, our ability to complete
 an initial business combination may be adversely affected; and 

our
 independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about
 our ability to continue as a going concern, since we will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating if we are unable
 to complete an initial business combination by the De-SPAC Deadline. 

For the complete list of
risks relating to our operations, see the sections titled Risk Factors contained in our Registration Statement, our Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q, and our Definitive Proxy Statements on Schedule 14A (including the March Proxy Statement), each of which is filed
with the SEC, and the corresponding Risk Factors section which will be contained in the proxy materials we file with the
SEC and disseminate in connection with the approval of our initial business combination with Cognos. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We currently maintain our
executive offices at 7244 Carrizo Drive, La Jolla, CA 92037. We have entered into an Administrative Services Agreement pursuant to which
we pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office
space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

To the knowledge of our management
team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such
or against any of our property. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

17 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) Market
 Information 

Our public units, public
shares and public rights are each traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbols MBTCU, MBTC, and MBTCR, respectively. Our public
units commenced public trading on March 31, 2021, and our public shares and public rights commenced separate public trading on May 3,
2021. 

(b) Holders 

On May 18, 2023, there were
two holders of record of our public units, one holder of record of ordinary shares and one holder of record of our rights. 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our
initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur
any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive
covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities
 Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) Recent
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

(f) Use
 of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering 

On April 5, 2021, subsequent
to the filing of the Registration Statement, the Company consummated its initial public offering of 10,000,000 public units. On April
14, 2021, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full and purchased 1,500,000 public units. Each unit consists of one
public share and one public right, with each public right entitling the holder thereof to receive one-tenth of one ordinary share upon
completion of our initial business combination. The public units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to
the Company of 115,000,000. Chardan acted as bookrunner and representative of the underwriters of the initial public offering. 

A total of 116,150,000 of the proceeds from the initial public offering
(which amount includes 4,025,000 of the underwriters deferred discount) and the sale of the private placement units was placed
in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by
the trustee only in U.S. government treasury securities with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing primarily
in U.S. government treasury securities and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. However, in order
to mitigate the risk that the Company could be deemed to be operating as an unregistered investment company under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended (as further described in the March Proxy Statement), the Company has decided to instruct Continental to liquidate
the Company s investments in money market funds invested primarily in U.S. government treasury securities and thereafter to hold
all funds in the trust account in cash or in U.S. government treasury securities until the earlier of consummation of the initial business
combination or the Company s liquidation. 

(g) Purchases
 of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

18 

Item 6. Reserved. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

References to the Company, 
 us, our or we refer to Nocturne Acquisition Corporation. The following discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and related
notes included herein. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements 

All statements other than
statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements under this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business
strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Report,
words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend and
similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Company s
management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors
detailed in our filings with the SEC, including the section of this Report titled Risk Factors as well as the sections
titled Risk Factors contained in our Registration Statement, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and our Definitive Proxy
Statements on Schedule 14A (including the March Proxy Statement), each of which is filed with the SEC, and the corresponding Risk
Factors section which will be contained in the proxy materials we file with the SEC and disseminate in connection with the approval
of our initial business combination with Cognos. 

All subsequent written
or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on the Company s behalf are qualified in their entirety
by this paragraph. 

The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the
notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated in the Cayman Islands on October 28, 2020 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset
acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate
our initial business combination with Cognos using cash derived from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private
placement units, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. 

We expect to continue to
incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a business combination
will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in
any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities,
activities necessary to prepare for our initial public offering, described below, and subsequent to our initial public offering, activities
related to identifying a target company for our initial business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until
after the completion of our initial business combination, at the earliest. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income
on marketable securities held in the trust account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting,
accounting and auditing compliance), as well as in connection with due diligence related to our initial business combination. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, we had a net loss of 1,208,280, which consisted of 2,047,534 of operating and formation costs offset by interest earned on
our marketable securities held in the trust account of 839,254. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, we had a net loss of 710,157 which consisted of 717,764 of operating and formation costs offset by interest earned on our
marketable securities held in the trust account of 7,607. 

19 

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern 

On April 5, 2021, we completed
our initial public offering of 10,000,000 units, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 100,000,000. Simultaneously with the
closing of our initial public offering, we completed the sale of 450,000 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement
Unit in a private placement to the sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 4,500,000. 

On April 14, 2021, in connection
with the underwriters exercise of their over-allotment option in full, we consummated the sale of an additional 1,500,000 units
at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating total gross proceeds of 15,000,000. In addition, we also consummated the sale of an additional
15,000 private placement units at 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 150,000. 

Following the Initial Public
Offering, the full exercise of the over-allotment option and the sale of the Private Placement Units, a total of 116,150,000 was placed
in the Trust Account. We incurred 6,597,115 of transaction costs, consisting of 2,000,000 of underwriting fees, 4,025,000 of deferred
underwriting fees and 572,115 of other offering costs. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 1,257,161. Net loss of 1,208,280 was affected by interest earned on marketable
securities held in the trust account of 839,254. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 790,373 of cash for operating
activities. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 562,780. Net loss of 710,157 was affected by interest earned on marketable securities
held in the trust account of 7,607. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 154,984 of cash for operating activities. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had cash of 47,373. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily to complete our initial business combination
with Cognos. 

In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with a business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our directors and officers may,
but are not obligated to (except as described below), loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a business combination, we will
repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside
the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000
of such loans may be convertible into units of the combined company at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units
would be identical to the private placement units. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined
and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The loans would be repaid upon consummation of a business combination, without
interest. 

On October 27, 2021, our
sponsor committed to provide us with an aggregate of 150,000 in loans through April 5, 2023, which was the current De-SPAC Deadline
at the time. These loans will be non-interest bearing, unsecured and will be repaid upon the consummation of a business combination.
If we do not consummate a business combination, all amounts loaned to us will be forgiven except to the extent that we have funds available
outside of the trust account to repay such loans. 

If our estimate of the costs
associated with sourcing, negotiating, and consummating our initial business combination prove to be inaccurate, we may have insufficient
funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing
either to complete our business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion
of our business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. 

To the extent we need to raise
additional funds to operate our business, the Company s management believes that our sponsor will provide working capital loans
that will provide sufficient liquidity to meet the Company s working capital needs through the earlier of the consummation of a
business combination and one year from the date of this filing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required
to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily include or be limited to, curtailing operations,
suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing
will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms or at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the date of issuance of
the Company s financial statements if the initial business combination with Cognos is not consummated. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments related to recovery of recorded assets or the classification of liabilities that might be necessary should
the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

20 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets
or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions
that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which
would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance
sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased
any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay our sponsor a monthly
fee of 10,000 for office space, administrative and support services. We began incurring these fees on March 30, 2021 and will continue
to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the business combination and our liquidation. 

The underwriters are entitled
to a deferred fee of 0.35 per unit, or 4,025,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the
amounts held in the trust account solely in the event that the Company completes a business combination, subject to the terms of the
underwriting agreement. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially
differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Ordinary Shares Subject to Redemption 

We account for our ordinary
shares subject to possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument
and measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are
either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control)
are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our ordinary shares
feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events.
Accordingly, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders 
(deficit) equity section of our balance sheets. 

Net Loss Per Ordinary Share 

Net loss per ordinary share
is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. Accretion associated
with the redeemable ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

21 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In August 2020, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with
Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that
require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope
exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces
additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity.
ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible
instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2022 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption
permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. We adopted ASU 2020-06 effective January 1, 2021. The adoption of ASU 2020-06 did not have an
impact on our financial statements. 

Management does not believe
that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our
financial statements. 

Factors That May Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations 

Our results of operations
and our ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty
and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things,
downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, systemic
bank failures, supply chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including
resurgences and the emergence of new variants, geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in the Ukraine, and the possibility
that we may not be able to consummate the proposed initial business combination with Cognos. We cannot at this time fully predict the
likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact our business
and our ability to complete the proposed initial business combination with Cognos. Please refer to the section of this Report titled Risk
Factors as well as the sections titled Risk Factors contained in our Registration Statement, our Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q, and our Definitive Proxy Statements on Schedule 14A (including the March Proxy Statement), each of which is filed with the
SEC, and the corresponding Risk Factors section which will be contained in the proxy materials we file with the SEC and
disseminate in connection with the approval of our initial business combination with Cognos. 

In addition, we may not be able complete the business combination should the business combination become subject
to review by a U.S. government entity, such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS ). If CFIUS
or another U.S. government entity elects to review the business combination, the time necessary to complete such review or a decision
to prohibit the business combination could prevent us from completing the business combination and require us to liquidate. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk. 

Following the consummation
of our initial public offering, the net proceeds of our initial public offering, including amounts in the trust account, have been invested
in U.S. government treasury securities with a maturity of 185 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest primarily in U.S.
government treasury securities. However, in order to mitigate the risk that the Company could be deemed to be operating as an unregistered
investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, the Company has decided to instruct Continental to liquidate
the Company s investments in money market funds invested primarily in U.S. government treasury securities and thereafter to hold
all funds in the trust account in cash or in U.S. government treasury securities until the earlier of consummation of the initial business
combination or the Company s liquidation. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated
material exposure to interest rate risk. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

Reference is made to pages
F-1 through F-17 comprising a portion of this Report. 

22 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure 

As required by Rules 13a-15
and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, due solely to the
material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the Company s accounting for complex financial instruments.
As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in
this Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

Management intends to implement
remediation steps to improve our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically,
we intend to expand and improve our review process for complex securities and related accounting standards. We have improved this process
by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting
applications and consideration of additional staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Controls over Financial Reporting 

Our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as such
term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes, in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. Due to inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with policies and procedures may deteriorate. 

Our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 and, in
making this assessment, used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in
Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Because of the material weakness described above, our management believes that,
as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective based on those criteria. 

This Report does not include
an attestation report on internal control over financial reporting issued by our independent registered public accounting firm. Our auditors
will not be required to opine on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 until we are no longer an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of
2012. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in
our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the
most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

On May 24, 2023, the Company received a second notification from Nasdaq that it was in violation of a Nasdaq continued listing requirement
for its failure to timely file its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The notification provided that
the Company had until June 20, 2023 to submit a plan to regain compliance with this continued listing requirement. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

23 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

As of the date of this Report,
our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 

Position 
 
 Henry Monzon 

49 

Chairman and
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Ka Seng (Thomas) Ao 

34 

Director and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Simon Choi 

62 

Director 
 
 Kashan Zaheer Piracha 

45 

Director 
 
 Derek Yiyi Feng 

56 

Director 
 
 Ka Lok (Ivan) Wong 

46 

Director 
 
 Giuseppe Mangiacotti 

35 

Director 

The experience of our directors
and executive officers is as follows: 

Henry Monzon has served
as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since inception. Mr. Monzon has served as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Co-Founder
of Katena Computing Technologies, a bitcoin technology company backed by Jaan Tallinn (co-founder of Skype) and executives of Qualcomm
Incorporated (NASDAQ: QCOM), since January 2020. Since May 2020, Mr. Monzon also served as the Chief Financial Officer of Luminous
Computing, a moonshot artificial intelligence technology company, prior to which he served as an advisor to the company from October 2019
to May 2020. Luminous investors include Luke Nosek of Gigafund and Ali Partovi of Neo and has recently completed a significant
Series-A round with 100 million committed. Prior to Luminous and Katena, Mr. Monzon served, from March 2018 to March 2019,
as the Chief Revenue Officer of Bitfury Group, a European-based blockchain technology company. Mr. Monzon led significant revenue growth
in 2018 during his tenure as Chief Revenue Officer at Bitfury. While there, Mr. Monzon led the strategic re-positioning of the company
in order to serve institutional investors and oversaw various bitcoin data center operations in North America, Iceland, Norway, Georgia
and Central Asia. In North America, Mr. Monzon supported the expansion of Hut 8 mining, one of the largest publicly listed Bitcoin mining
companies in the world (TSX: HUT), with close to 1000 Petahash of production in more than 100MW operations. From January 2017 to
August 2019, Mr. Monzon served as Strategic Partner of Hyperloop Transportation Technologies, Inc., a transportation and technology
company. From 1998 to 2017, Mr. Monzon held various roles at Qualcomm, including engineering, program and product management, and executive
business development roles. Mr. Monzon led the adoption and growth of Qualcomm s Snapdragon chipsets with global customers and
partners in Long Term Evolution (LTE) ecosystem such as Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM), Original Design Manufacturer s
(ODM), retailers and technology partners in various regions including in North America, Latin America, Europe and Asia. Mr. Monzon received
a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering, cum laude , from Florida Atlantic University and Executive Education from Wharton
and Stanford. Mr. Monzon is well qualified to serve as our director due to his deep industry expertise in blockchain, bitcoin mining
and artificial intelligence ecosystems. 

Ka Seng (Thomas) Ao 
has served as our Chief Financial Officer and a Director since inception. Mr. Ao has extensive experience with M A transactions and
financial leasing. Mr. Ao has served as the Chief Executive Officer of MCL Financial Leasing, a provider of financial leasing services
for bitcoin mining facilities, since January 2020. MCL Financial Leasing works closely with mining hardware manufacturers including
Bitmain, MicroBT and Canaan (NASDAQ: CAN). Since September 2018, Mr. Ao has served as the director of Mindfulness Capital, a venture
capital fund that focuses on early stage technology companies. From January 2016 to September 2018, Mr. Ao served as Vice President
of HF Venture, an asset management firm that manages M A funds for multiple listed companies in the industrial sector including Kingsignal
Technology Co Ltd (SHE: 300252) and Anhui Zhongding Sealing Parts Co., Ltd. (SHE: 000887). From October 2010 to December 2015,
Mr. Ao served as Vice President of Auone Electronic, a thermostats manufacturer that supplies Fortune 500 brands including Panasonic
(OTCMKTS: PCRFF), Philips, and Schneider Electric (OTCMKTS: SBGSF). Mr. Ao received a Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy from the University
of Southern California and received an MBA from Yonsei University. We believe Mr. Ao is well qualified to serve as our director due to
his extensive experience in the financial industry. 

24 

Kashan Piracha has
served as one of our independent directors since March 29, 2021. Mr. Piracha has 24 years of experience in the tech industry. Mr.
Piracha has held various roles at Qualcomm (NASDAQ: QCOM) since 1997. Currently Mr. Piracha is a Senior Director of Product Management
playing an integral role in deployment of Qualcomm s 5G mobile technology in various regions across the globe with special emphasis
in Europe, the Middle East and South East Asia. Prior to Mr. Piracha s role as Senior Director of Product Management, he led Qualcomm s
mobile chipset partnerships and alignment with key global mobile network vendors. In this capacity Mr. Piracha initiated and built essential
partnerships for Qualcomm with the leading network providers in the world and spearheaded the deployments of 3G and 4G mobile technologies
with these partners. Mr. Piracha has also held roles at Qualcomm in Program Management as well as Engineering. Mr. Piracha holds a Bachelor
of Science in Electrical Engineering from the University of Michigan Ann Arbor. We believe Mr. Piracha is well qualified
to serve as our director due to his extensive experience in the semiconductor industry. 

Simon Choi has served
as one of our independent directors since December 16, 2021. Mr. Choi, has more than 30 years of international management experience.
Mr. Choi has served as the head of the international department of Guangdong Liangma law firm since May 2018. Mr. Choi was the general
counsel of TCL Multimedia, heading its global legal centre from February 2005 to November 2014. Mr. Choi served as a senior lecturer
at the Hong Kong Polytechnic University from October 2001 to July 2006, at the Hong Kong Baptist University from October 1989 to July
2005, and at the Open University of Hong Kong from October 1998 to July 2005. Mr. Choi is the independent non-executive director of Boyaa
Interactive International Limited, China Wan Tong Yuan (Holdings) Limited and an executive director for Imperium Financial Group Limited.
Mr. Choi was appointed as an adjunct professor of law by Zhongnan University of Economics and Law from June 2013 to June 2017. Mr. Choi
holds an LL.B. from the Peking University Law School and an LL.M. from the University of London. 

Derek Yiyi Feng has
served as one of our independent directors since January 10, 2022. Mr. Feng has served, from January 2019 to May 2020, as the Chief Executive
Officer of Bright Scholar Education Holdings Ltd. (NYSE: BEDU), an education company headquartered in China with K-12 schools worldwide.
Prior to joining Bright Scholar, from January 2017 to December 2018, Mr. Feng served as co-founder of Kidsmile Dental, a chain of premium
children orthodontics clinics in China. From October 2014 to October 2016, Mr. Feng served as the Chief Executive Officer of Global Education
 Technology Group. From December 2011 to September 2014, Mr. Feng served as Chairman and Interim Chief Executive Officer of ChinaCast
Education Corporation, an education and e-learning service provider. From October 2007 to April 2011, Mr. Feng served as the Executive
Vice President, Strategy, Planning and Operations at Knowledge Universe, Inc. Prior to joining Knowledge Universe, Mr. Feng spent eight
years at the General Electric Company (NYSE: GE) in the United States. Mr. Feng received a Bachelor of Arts in Industrial Automation
from Tsinghua University and an MBA from the University of California, Los Angeles. 

Ka Lok (Ivan) Wong 
has served as one of our independent directors since January 10, 2022. Mr. Wong has served, since May 2013, as the Managing Director
of Wyndham Capital, a wholly owned subsidiary of Peterson Group, a private Hong Kong based family office with a portfolio of investments
including special situation, private equity, and structured finance investments, as well as property investments in Asia, Europe and
North America. Mr. Wong is responsible for the group s alternative investments globally and across all asset classes. From June
2011 to May 2013, Mr. Wong served as an investment professional with ICBC International Holdings Limited, the principal investment arm
of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) in Hong Kong. From November 2007 to June 2011, Mr. Wong served as an investment manager
for Argyle Street Management Limited, an Asia based hedge fund. Mr. Wong is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
Mr. Wong received a B.B.A. with a concentration in Financial Engineering from the Chinese University of Hong Kong. 

25 

Giuseppe Mangiacotti 
has served as one of our independent directors since January 10, 2022. Mr. Mangiacotti has over ten years of experience working in finance
with multi-national public corporations. Since November 2019, Mr. Mangiacotti has served as a senior finance manager at Microsoft (NASDAQ:
MSFT). From August 2017 to November 2019, Mr. Mangiacotti served as controller at Microsoft. From May 2016 to August 2016, Mr. Mangiacotti
served as a senior financial analyst at Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN). Prior to Amazon, Mr. Mangiacotti served as a senior financial analyst at
Guess (NYSE: GES) from December 2010 to June 2015. Mr. Mangiacotti holds a Bachelor of Science from the University of Southern California
and an MBA from Yale University. 

Number, terms of office and appointment of
officers and directors 

Our board of directors consists
of seven members. Each of our directors will hold office for a two-year term, and the appointment, removal or designation of any member
of the board of directors prior to our initial business combination requires the unanimous approval of the managers of our sponsor. Subject
to any other special rights applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote
of a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board or by a majority of the holders of our founder shares. 

Our officers are elected
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board
of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that our officers may consist of a
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, Treasurer and
such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has
two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules
of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors, and the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit
committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Choi, Piracha and Feng serve as members of our audit committee and Mr. Choi serves
as the Chairman of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least
three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Each such person meets
the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each member of the audit
committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Choi qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We have adopted an audit
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the
 appointment, compensation, retention, replacement and oversight of the work of the independent
 auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all
 audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other
 registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies
 and procedures; 

reviewing
 and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us
 in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

26 

setting
 clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the
 independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material
 issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review or peer review of the
 audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities
 within the preceding five years with respect to one or more independent audits carried out
 by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

reviewing
 and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404
 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction;
 and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal,
 regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government
 agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding
 our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting
 standards or rules promulgated by FASB, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation
committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Piracha and Choi serve as members of our compensation committee and Mr. Piracha serves as
the chairman of the compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least
two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Each such person
meets the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards applicable to members of the compensation committee. 

We have adopted a compensation
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation (if any is paid by us), evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving the compensation of all of our other officers; 

reviewing
 our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit
 arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
as indicated above, other than reimbursement of expenses and as set forth below, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting
or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing shareholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior
to, or for any services they render in order to complete our initial business combination with Cognos. Accordingly, it is likely that
prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation
of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

27 

The charter also provides
that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel
or other adviser and is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However,
before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee
will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Director nominations 

We do not have a standing
nominating committee although we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law
or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director
nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry
out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee.
The directors who participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Messrs. Choi and Piracha. In accordance
with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not
have a nominating committee charter in place. 

Prior to our initial business
combination with Cognos, the board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by holders of our founder
shares during times when the board of directors is seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at an annual general meeting (or, if
applicable, an extraordinary general meeting). Prior to our initial business combination with Cognos, holders of our public shares will
not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board. 

We have not formally established
any specific minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying
and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge
of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of
Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our form of Code of Ethics and our audit committee
charter as exhibits to the Registration Statement. You can review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s website
at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose
any amendments to, or waivers of, certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Available Information 

The Company files annual,
quarterly and current reports, and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet web site that contains reports, proxy
and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, including us, that file electronically with the SEC. The public can
obtain any documents that we file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities
to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and other equity securities.
These executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of
all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. Based solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations
from certain reporting persons, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022, all reports applicable to our executive officers,
directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner in accordance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

None of our officers or directors
have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on March 31, 2021 through the earlier of the consummation
of our initial business combination and our liquidation, pursuant to an Administrative Services Agreement, we pay our sponsor a total
of 10,000 per month for office space and administrative and support services. Our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective
affiliates, are entitled to be reimbursed for certain bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit
committee also reviews, on a quarterly basis, all payments that are made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 

28 

After the completion of our
initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other
fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation
materials that will be furnished to our shareholders in connection with the proposed business combination with Cognos. It is unlikely
the amount of such compensation will be known at the time such materials are distributed, because the directors of the combined company
will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined
by a compensation committee comprised solely of independent directors. 

We do not intend to take
any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements
to remain with us after the initial business combination. We will describe any such arrangements, to the extent they have been determined
as of such time, in the proxy materials we file with the SEC and disseminate in connection with the approval of our initial business
combination with Cognos. We are not party to any agreements with our officers or directors that provide for benefits upon termination
of employment. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial
ownership of our ordinary shares as of April 25, 2023, based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the
beneficial ownership of ordinary shares by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary
 shares; 

each
 of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our ordinary shares; and 

all of our executive officers and directors as a group. 

In the table below, percentage beneficial ownership is based on shares
outstanding, which reflects the number of our ordinary shares issued and outstanding as of April 25, 2023 plus the number of our units
(each of which consists of one ordinary share and one right). However, under our charter, only our ordinary shares, not our units, are
entitled to vote on the approval of the initial business combination, and so the beneficial ownership percentages reflected below are
not directly correlative with the actual voting power of each person listed below with respect to our initial business combination. 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of ordinary shares
beneficially owned by them. 

Ordinary Shares 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 
 Nocturne Sponsor, LLC (2) (3) 
 3,340,000 
 64.3 
 
 Henry Monzon (4) 
 3,340,000 
 64.3 
 
 Ka Seng (Thomas) Ao (2) (3) 
 3,340,000 
 64.3 
 
 Simon Choi 

Kashan Zaheer Piracha (4) 

Derek Yiyi Feng 

Ka Lok (Ivan) Wong 

Giuseppe Mangiacotti 

All officers and directors as a group (7 individuals) (2) 
 3,340,000 
 64.3 

683 Capital Partners, LP (5) 
 950,000 
 18.3 
 
 Feis Equities LLC (9) 
 524,055 
 10.1 
 
 Sea Otter Advisors LLC (8) 
 296,600 
 5.7 
 
 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (6) 
 225,000 
 4.3 
 
 Periscope Capital Inc. (7) 
 250,000 
 4.8 

Less than one percent. 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted,
 the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 7244 Carrizo Drive, La Jolla, CA 92037. 

29 

(2) 
 Interests shown consist
 solely of founder shares, classified as ordinary shares, and the ordinary shares held as a constituent part of the private placement
 units acquired by the Sponsor in a private placement on March 14, 2021. 

(3) 
 Ka Seng (Thomas) Ao, our
 Chief Financial Officer and a director, controls a managing member of our sponsor, and as such may be deemed to beneficially own
 shares held by our sponsor by virtue of his control over our Sponsor. Mr. Ao disclaims beneficial ownership of the ordinary shares
 held by our sponsor other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest in such shares. 

(4) 
 Each of these individuals
 holds a direct or indirect interest in our sponsor. Each such person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other
 than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly. 

(5) 
 According to a Schedule
 13G filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021, 950,000 ordinary shares were owned beneficially by 683 Capital Partners, LP LP ),
 and may be deemed beneficially owned by the investment manager of LP, 683 Capital Management, LLC and its managing member, Ari Zweiman.
 The principal business address of all such persons is 3 Columbus Circle, Suite 2205, New York, NY 10019. 

(6) 
 According to a Schedule
 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023, Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. serves as the investment advisor to Polar Multi-Strategy
 Master Fund PMSMF with respect to the ordinary shares directly held by PMSMF, and is deemed to beneficially
 own 225,000 ordinary shares. Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. serves as the investment fund manager, portfolio manager, exempt
 market dealer and commodity trading manager registered with the Ontario Securities Commission. The business address of Polar Asset
 Management Partners Inc.is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. 

(7) 
 According to a Schedule
 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023, Periscope Capital Inc. Periscope may be deemed the beneficial
 owner of 250,000 ordinary shares, being the beneficial owner of 138,900 ordinary shares and acting as investment manager of, and
 exercising investment discretion with respect to, certain private investment funds that collectively directly own 111,100 ordinary
 shares. The business address of Periscope is 333 Bay Street, Suite 1240, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5H 2R2. 

(8) 
 According to a Schedule
 13G filed with the SEC on January 13, 2023, Sea Otter Advisors LLC Sea Otter may be deemed the beneficial
 owner of 296,600 ordinary shares. Sea Otter serves as the investment advisor to Sea Otter Trading LLC. The business address of Sea
 Otter is 107 Grand Street, 7th Floor, New York, New York 10013. 

(9) 
 According to a Schedule
 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 6, 2023, Feis Equities LLC and Lawrence Feis beneficially own 524,055 ordinary shares. The business
 address for each such persons is 20 North Wacker Drive, Suite 2115, Chicago, Illinois 60606. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

Changes in Control 

None. 

30 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

In November 2020, our
sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.009 per share to cover certain of our offering and formation costs in consideration for 2,875,000
founder shares. In addition, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 465,000 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit 4,650,000
in the aggregate) in a private placement. The private placement units (including the underlying securities) may not, subject to certain
limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

As more fully discussed in
 Management Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity
that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may
be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity
to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our officers and directors currently have and will in the future
have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. Our sponsor, officers
and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, are entitled to be reimbursed for certain bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable
business combinations. Our audit committee will review, on a quarterly basis, all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers and
directors, or any of their respective affiliates and will determine which expenses, and the amount of such expenses, that will be reimbursed.
There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our
behalf. 

We entered into an Administrative
Services Agreement with our sponsor pursuant to which we pay a total of 10,000 per month for office space and administrative and support
services to our sponsor. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

Prior to our initial public
offering, our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering. As of
December 31, 2020, we had borrowed 93,100 under the promissory note with our sponsor. The note was repaid in full at the closing of our
initial public offering. 

In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with an initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we will
repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital
held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment.
Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units would
be identical to the placement units issued to the initial holder. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have
not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than
our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver
against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

Pursuant to the terms of our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement between us and Continental, in order for the time
available for us to consummate our initial business combination to be extended, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon five
days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account 1,150,000 0.10 per unit), on or prior to
the applicable deadline. As disclosed in the Forms 8-K filed on April 5, 2022 and July 5, 2022, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees made each of these two deposits,
enabling the extension of the initial business combination period to 18 months. These payments were made in the form of non-interest-bearing
loans. If we complete our initial business combination, we will, at the option of our sponsor, repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds
of the trust account released to us or convert a portion or all of the total loan amount into units at a price of 10.00 per unit, which
units will be identical to the private units. If we do not complete a business combination, we will repay such loans only from funds held
outside of the trust account. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time
for us to complete our initial business combination. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain
with us, if any, may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed
to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished to them. It is unlikely the amount of such
compensation will be known at the time of the extraordinary general meeting held to consider our initial business combination with Cognos,
as it will be up to the directors of the combined company to determine executive and director compensation. 

31 

We have entered into a registration
rights agreement with respect to the founder shares, private placement units and units issued upon conversion of working capital loans
(if any) and extension loans, including the loans evidenced by the First Extension Note and Second Extension Note. 

We entered into indemnity
agreements with each of our officers and directors. These agreements require us to indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent permitted
under applicable Cayman Islands law and to hold harmless, exonerate and advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against
them as to which they could be indemnified. 

Related party policy 

We have adopted a Code of
Ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board
of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our Code of Ethics,
conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee
of indebtedness) involving the company. We have filed a copy of our form of Code of Ethics as an exhibit to the Registration Statement.
You can review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy
of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to, or waivers of, certain
provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

In addition, our audit committee,
pursuant to its written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into
such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is
present is required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee constitutes
a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a
related party transaction. Our audit committee charter is filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement for our initial public offering.
We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits
information about related party transactions. 

These procedures are intended
to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on
the part of a director, employee or officer. 

To further minimize conflicts
of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor,
officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent
accounting firm, that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view (and we have obtained such
an opinion, from Newbridge Securities Corporation, effective as of October 26, 2022). Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements
or cash payments will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to
or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, the following payments may be made to our sponsor,
officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in
the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: 

Repayment
of up to an aggregate of up to 300,000 in loans made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses; 

Payment to our sponsor of 10,000 per month, until the earlier of the consummation of the initial business combination and the Company s liquidation, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support; 

Reimbursement
may be made for certain out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination;
and 

Repayment
of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements
been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the
option of the lender. 

Our audit committee reviews
on a quarterly basis, all payments that are made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 

32 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require
that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other
than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the
company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Messrs. Choi and Piracha are independent directors as defined
in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our audit committee will be entirely composed of independent directors meeting
Nasdaq s additional requirements applicable to members of the audit committee. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled
meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees
and Services. 

The following is a summary
of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees
consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally
provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered for the
audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and
other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021 totaled 87,818 and 86,520,
respectively. The foregoing amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees. 
Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit
or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that
are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum
for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December
31, 2021. 

Tax Fees . We did not
pay Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021. 

All Other Fees . We
did not pay Marcum for other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed
upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services,
although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation
of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted
non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions
for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

33 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) The
following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) Financial
Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number F-2 Consolidated Financial Statements: Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 to F-17 

(2) Financial
Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules
are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented
in the financial statements and notes beginning on F-1 on this Report. 

(3) Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of
this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected on
the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not applicable. 

34 

NOCTURNE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 668) 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Financial
 Statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years then ended: 

Balance
 Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Statements
 of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements
 of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 
 F-5 
 
 Statements
 of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 F-7
 to F-17 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of
Directors of 

Nocturne Acquisition Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Nocturne Acquisition Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the years then
ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying
financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note
1, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination by October 5, 2023, and the
Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for a
reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. If the Company is
unable to complete a business combination by the close of business on October 5, 2023, the Company will cease all operations
except for the purpose of liquidating. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a
going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are described in Note 1. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required
to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

/s/ 
Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2020 . 

May 26, 2023 

F- 2 

NOCTURNE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION, AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Advance from related party 

Promissory note - related party 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies (see Note 6) 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, and shares issued and outstanding at and per share redemption value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 1,984,080 and 11,500,000 shares subject to redemption) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION, AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

NOCTURNE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating and formation costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total other income 

Net loss 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

NOCTURNE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Ordinary Shares 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 

Sale of Private Placement Units 

Offering costs allocated to Private Placement Units 

Remeasurement of ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Remeasurement of ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

NOCTURNE ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Formation cost paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Founder Shares 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Units 

Proceeds from promissory note related party and Advances from related party 

Repayment of promissory note related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Redemption of ordinary shares 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning 

Cash Ending 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Initial classification of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Change in value of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

units at per unit (the Units and, with respect to the ordinary shares included in the Units sold,
the Public Shares ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. 

units (the Private Placement Units at a price of per
Private Placement Unit in a private placement (the Private Placement to Nocturne Sponsor, LLC (the Sponsor ),
generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Units was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account and invested in U.S. government
treasury securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market
fund meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the
completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders,
as described below. In order to mitigate the risk that the Company could be deemed to be operating as an unregistered investment company
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (as further described in the March Proxy Statement), the Company has instructed Continental
to liquidate the Company s investments in money market funds invested primarily in U.S. government treasury securities and thereafter
to hold all funds in the trust account in cash or in U.S. government treasury securities. 

Units (the Over-Allotment Units ), generating
gross proceeds of . In connection with the sale of the Over-Allotment Units, the underwriters agreed to waive the underwriting
commission equal to of gross proceeds. On April 14, 2021, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-Allotment Units and in connection
with the underwriters waiver of the underwriting commission described above, the Company consummated a private sale of an additional
 Private Placement Units to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of . The additional proceeds of were placed
in the Trust Account, bringing the grand total placed in the Trust Account to . 

, consisting
of in underwriting fees, in deferred underwriting fees and in other offering costs. 

of the net
assets held in the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriting commissions held in the Trust Account and taxes payable on the interest
earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business
Combination with Cognos if the combined company owns or acquires or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of Cognos
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in Cognos sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act. 

F- 7 

per share), calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of a Business Combination, including any pro rata interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations. 

either immediately prior to or upon consummation of the initial Business
Combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions; furthermore, because the Company has decided to seek shareholder
approval in connection with a Business Combination with Cognos, it must receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law approving
a Business Combination, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who vote at an extraordinary general meeting
of the Company, to proceed with the Business Combination. the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5), Private
Placement Shares (as defined in Note 4), and any Public Shares purchased in or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving
the Business Combination with Cognos and to waive its redemption rights with respect to any such shares in connection with the shareholder
vote to approve the Business Combination with Cognos. However, in no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that
would cause its net tangible assets to be less than . Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem its Public Shares
irrespective of whether he, she or it votes for or against a Business Combination. 

of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. 

of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete
a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment and (iii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination. 

). 

per Public Share or (2) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation
of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of trust assets, in each case net of the amount of income which may be withdrawn to
pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek
access to the Trust Account, nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public
Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ).
Moreover, if an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent
of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify
the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent
auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business execute agreements with the Company waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Cognos has agreed to such a waiver pursuant
to the terms of the Merger Agreement. 

F- 8 

million in its operating bank account. 

from the Sponsor to cover certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for the issuance
of the Founder Shares and the proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account to provide working
capital needed to identify and seek to consummate a Business Combination. 

in loans through April 5, 2023, which was the current De-SPAC Deadline at the time (but which
was subsequently extended, as further described below). The loans, if issued, will be non-interest bearing, unsecured and will be repaid
upon the consummation of a Business Combination. If the Company does not consummate a Business Combination, all amounts loaned to the
Company will be forgiven except to the extent that the Company has funds available outside of the Trust Account to repay such loans. 

F- 9 

allocated to the Public Shares were initially charged to temporary equity
and then accreted to ordinary shares subject to redemption. Furthermore, offering costs of allocated to the Private Placement
Units were charged to additional paid-in capital upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

F- 10 

public shares
exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. 

and ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at and redemption value, respectively, as temporary
equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. 

Less: 

Ordinary shares issuance costs 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 

Less: 

Redemption of Ordinary shares 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

F- 11 

ordinary shares, because the conversion of the rights into ordinary shares is contingent upon
the occurrence of future events. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts
that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the losses of the Company. As a result, diluted
net loss per ordinary share is the same as basic net loss per ordinary share for the periods presented. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share

. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts. 

F- 12 

Units, inclusive of Units sold to underwriters on April 14, 2021 upon the underwriters election
to fully exercise their over-allotment option, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one ordinary share and one
right Public Right ). Each Public Right entitles the holder to receive one-tenth of one ordinary share at the closing of
a Business Combination (see Note 7). 

Private Placement Units at
a price of per Private Placement Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of . Each Private Placement Unit consists of
one ordinary share Private Placement Unit and one right Private Placement Right ). Each Private Placement
Right entitles the holder to receive one-tenth of one ordinary share at the closing of a Business Combination. A portion of the proceeds
from the sale of the Private Placement Units were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account.
If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Units
will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law), and the Private Placements
Units and all underlying securities will expire worthless. 

to
cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration for of the Company s ordinary shares (the Founder
Shares ). The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that
the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor would collectively own of the Company s
issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the Sponsor did not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial
Public Offering and excluding the Private Placement Shares). As a result of the underwriters election to fully exercise their
over-allotment option on April 14, 2021, no Founder Shares are currently subject to forfeiture. 

F- 13 

of the Founder Shares, the earlier
of nine months after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of the Company s
ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share for any trading days within a -trading day period following the consummation
of a Business Combination and, with respect to the remaining of the Founder Shares, nine months after the date of the consummation
of a Business Combination, or earlier in each case if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger,
stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares
for cash, securities or other property. 

per month for office space, administrative and support services. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
incurred in fees for these services. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred in fees for these services.
The accrued balance of these fees totaled and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) June 30, 2021, or (ii) the
consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding balance under the Promissory Note was repaid in its entirety at the closing
of the Initial Public Offering. Borrowings are no longer available under the Promissory Note. 

promissory note (the First Extension Note to Mindfulness Capital Management Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company Mindfulness ), in consideration for being deposited in the Trust Account (the First Extension Payment for the purpose of extending the Combination Period to July 5, 2022 (the First Extension ). The First Extension was the first
of the two three-month extensions permitted under the Company s governing documents before they were amended to allow for additional
extensions. The First Extension Note is non-interest bearing and payable (subject to the waiver against trust provisions) on the earlier
of (i) the date on which the Business Combination is consummated and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. 

(the
 Second Extension Payment was deposited by Mindfulness into the Trust Account for the public shareholders, representing
 per public share, to enable the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination by three
months, from July 5, 2022 to October 5, 2022 (the Second Extension ). The Second Extension is the second of the two three-month
extensions permitted under the Company s governing documents before they were amended to allow for additional extensions. In connection
with the Second Extension Payment and Second Extension, on July 5, 2022, the Company issued to Mindfulness an unsecured promissory note
(the Second Extension Note having a principal amount equal to the amount of the Second Extension Payment. The Second Extension
Note is non-interest bearing and payable (subject to the waiver against trust provisions) on the earlier of (i) the date on which the
Business Combination is consummated and (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. 

promissory note (the Third Note and, together with the Promissory Note, the First Extension Note, and the Second Extension
Note, the Promissory Notes to Mindfulness. The Third Note is non-interest bearing and due upon the earlier of the consummation
of the Business Combination or the date of Company s liquidation. 

and , respectively, under the Promissory Notes. It is expected that the Company may issue additional
instruments similar to the Promissory Notes in connection with any potential additional extensions of the De-SPAC Deadline, as further
described in the March Proxy Statement and the Company s other filings with the SEC. 

as
of December 31, 2022 for working capital purposes. The advance is non-interest bearing and is due on demand. 

F- 14 

of such
Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the combined company at a price of per unit. The units would be identical
to the Private Placement Units. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no amounts outstanding under the Working Capital Loans. 

in loans through April 5, 2023, the which was the current De-SPAC Deadline at the time.
These loans will be non-interest bearing, unsecured and will be repaid upon the consummation of a Business Combination. If the
Company does not consummate a Business Combination, all amounts loaned to the Company will be forgiven except to the extent that the
Company has funds available outside of the Trust Account to repay such loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no loans
issued under this commitment. 

additional Units to cover over-allotment at the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriter
discounts and commissions. On April 14, 2021, the underwriters elected to fully exercise the over-allotment option to purchase an additional
 Units at a price of per Unit. 

, which was paid
at the closing of the Initial Public Offering, and an aggregate fee of payable upon completion of a Business Combination (the
 Success Fee ). A total of of the Success Fee, or , is payable if the agreement is terminated prior to the initial
Business Combination. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not incur any fees for these services. For the year ended
December 31, 2021, the Company incurred in such fees, which is included in accrued expenses as of December 31, 2021. 

F- 15 

of the economics, for any and all future public and private equity and debt offerings. In accordance
with FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(E)(i), such right of first refusal shall not have a duration of more than three years from the effective date
of the Registration Statement. 

per share, will have their shares canceled and
converted into the right to receive a certain number of shares of common stock of Nocturne (which will at the relevant time be a Delaware
corporation) as provided for in the Merger Agreement. The Company intends to call an extraordinary general meeting of the holders of
its ordinary shares, par value per share, to seek shareholder approval of the Company Shareholder Voting Matters (as defined
in the Merger Agreement), including the Merger. 

per share Cognos Therapeutics Common Stock ), and each right to receive ordinary shares of the Company
(each, a Right will convert into the right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Cognos Therapeutics Common Stock.
At the closing of the Business Combination, each Right will receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Cognos Therapeutics Common Stock. 

F- 16 

preference shares with a par value of per share, with such designations, voting and other rights
and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
were no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

ordinary shares, with a par value of per share. Holders of ordinary shares are entitled to
 vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding 
and ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, respectively, which are presented as temporary equity. 

F- 17 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting
 Agreement between Company and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC(2) 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 30, 2022(3) 

3.1 
 
 Memorandum
 and Articles of Association dated October 28, 2020(1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association(2) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen
 Unit Certificate(1) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen
 Ordinary Share Certificate(1) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen
 Rights Certificate(1) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Rights
 Agreement Between Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (2) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description
 of Registered Securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Promissory
 Note, dated as of November 16, 2020 Issued to Nocturne Sponsor, LLC(1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Securities
 Subscription Agreement, Dated November 16, 2020 Between Company and Sponsor(1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Letter
 Agreement Among Company, its Officers, and the Underwriters(2) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Investment
 Management Trust Agreement between Company and Continental(2) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement Between Company and Sponsor(2) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Private
 Placement Units Purchase Agreement Between Company and Sponsor(2) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Administrative
 Services Agreement Between Company and Sponsor(2) 
 
 14 
 
 Code
 of Ethics (1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification
 of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 99.1 
 
 Audit
 Committee Charter (1) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Compensation
 Committee Charter (1) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
herewith. 

Furnished
herewith 

(1) Incorporated
by reference to the Company s Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on February 23, 2021. 

(2) Incorporated
by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 5, 2021. 

(3) Incorporated
by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 4, 2023. 

35 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

May 26, 2023 
 Nocturne Acquisition Corporation 

By: 
 /s/
 Henry Monzon 

Name: 
 Henry Monzon 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Henry Monzon 
 
 Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 May
 26, 2023 
 
 Henry
 Monzon 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Ka Seng (Thomas) Ao 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 May
 26, 2023 
 
 Ka
 Seng (Thomas) Ao 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Simon Choi 
 
 Director 
 
 May
 26, 2023 
 
 Simon
 Choi 

/s/
 Kashan Zaheer Piracha 
 
 Director 
 
 May
 26, 2023 
 
 Kashan
 Zaheer Piracha 

/s/
 Derek Yiyi Feng 
 
 Director 
 
 May
 26, 2023 
 
 Derek
 Yiyi Feng 

/s/
 Ka Lok (Ivan) Wong 
 
 Director 
 
 May
 26, 2023 
 
 Ka
 Lok (Ivan) Wong 

/s/
 Giuseppe Mangiacotti 
 
 Director 
 
 May
 26, 2023 
 
 Giuseppe
 Mangiacotti 

36 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-5_nocturneacq.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTERED SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.5 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

As of December 31, 2022,
Nocturne Acquisition Corporation we, our, us or the Company had the following
three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ):
(i) its units, consisting of one ordinary share (as defined below) and one right (as defined below), with each right entitling the holder
thereof to receive one-tenth of one ordinary share upon the closing of our initial business combination (the units ), (ii)
its ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share, and (iii) its public rights, with each right entitling the holder to receive one-tenth
of an ordinary share upon the closing of our initial business combination. 

Pursuant to our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association, our authorized capital stock consists of 500,000,000 ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value,
and 5,000,000 shares of undesignated preference shares, 0.0001 par value per share. The following description summarizes the material
terms of our capital stock and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and our rights agreement, each of which is incorporated by reference as an
exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (the Report of which this Exhibit 4.5 is
a part. 

Defined terms used herein
but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Report. 

Units 

Each unit consists of one
ordinary share and one right. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share upon the consummation
of an initial business combination. 

Ordinary shares 

Unless specified in the Companies
Act, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority
of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions
will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association;
such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation
with another company. Directors are elected for a term of two years. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of
directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the ordinary shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint
all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out
of funds legally available therefor. 

Because our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000,000 ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a business combination,
we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of ordinary shares which we are authorized
to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination. 

In accordance with Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until no later than one year after our first
fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual general meetings
in order to appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

We will provide our public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior
to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by
the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account
was initially approximately 10.10 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares
will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have
entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder
shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

For business and other reasons,
we have elected to provide our shareholders with the opportunity to have their public shares redeemed in conjunction with a proxy solicitation
pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. We will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain
the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares represented
in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who vote at an extraordinary meeting in favor of the business combination. However,
the participation of our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions, if any, could
result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention
to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares,
non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately
30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which
a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. 

We intend to seek shareholder
approval of our initial business combination, and if we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination
pursuant to the tender offer rules (which is currently expected to be the case), our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is
acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming
its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the ordinary shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to
as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including
Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce
their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their
investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions
with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that
number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions,
potentially at a loss. We may waive this restriction in our sole discretion. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (and their
permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote any founder shares and private
placement shares held by them and any public shares purchased by them in favor of our initial business combination. Additionally, each
public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

Pursuant to our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination by the De-SPAC Deadline,
we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more
than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes
payable and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public
shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each
case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our
sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights
to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares and private placement shares if we fail to complete
our initial business combination by the De-SPAC Deadline. However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares after
our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares
if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

In the event of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining
available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having
preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions
applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for
cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall
be net of taxes payable) upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

2 

Rights 

Each holder of a right will
receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share upon consummation of our initial business combination, even if the holder of such right
redeemed all ordinary shares held by it in connection with the initial business combination. No additional consideration will be required
to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive its additional shares upon consummation of an initial business combination. If we
enter into a definitive agreement for a business combination in which we will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will
provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the ordinary shares will receive in the
transaction on an as-converted into ordinary share basis, and each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert its rights
in order to receive the 1/10 share underlying each right (without paying any additional consideration) upon consummation of the business
combination. More specifically, the right holder will be required to indicate its election to convert the rights into underlying shares
as well as to return the original rights certificates to us. 

If we are unable to complete
an initial business combination by the De-SPAC Deadline and we liquidate the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will
not receive any such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from our assets held outside of the trust
account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. 

As soon as practicable upon
the consummation of our initial business combination, we will direct registered holders of the rights to return their rights to our rights
agent. Upon receipt of the rights, the rights agent will issue to the registered holder of such rights the number of full ordinary shares
to which it is entitled. We will notify registered holders of the rights to deliver their rights to the rights agent promptly upon consummation
of such business combination and have been informed by the rights agent that the process of exchanging their rights for ordinary shares
should take no more than a matter of days. 

The shares issuable upon
conversion of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of ours). We will not issue fractional shares
upon conversion of the rights. If, upon conversion of the rights, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share,
we will, upon conversion pay in cash the fair value of fractions of a share as of the time when those entitled to receive such fractions
are determined. We will make the determination of how we are treating fractional shares at the time of our initial business combination
and will include such determination in the proxy materials we will send to shareholders for their consideration of such initial business
combination. 

We have agreed that, subject
to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the rights agreement will be brought
and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York,
and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim.
This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the
federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. However, because our Company is currently
incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests and your ability to protect
your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. It may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the
United States upon our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The
payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial
condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating
and does not anticipate declaring any share capitalizations in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability
to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

3 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_nocturneacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Henry Monzon, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Nocturne Acquisition Corporation; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) (Paragraph
omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 May 26, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Henry Monzon 

Henry
 Monzon 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_nocturneacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ka Seng (Thomas) Ao, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Nocturne Acquisition Corporation; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) (Paragraph
omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 May 26, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ka Seng (Thomas) Ao 

Ka
 Seng (Thomas) Ao 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_nocturneacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Nocturne Acquisition Corporation (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Henry Monzon, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. To
my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date:
 May 26, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Henry Monzon 

Henry
 Monzon 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_nocturneacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Nocturne Acquisition Corporation (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Ka Seng (Thomas) Ao, Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. To
my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the report. 

Date:
 May 26, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ka Seng (Thomas) Ao 

Ka
 Seng (Thomas) Ao 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mbtc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mbtc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mbtc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mbtc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mbtc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

