<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230405_10-K_edgar_data_1276531_0001376474-23-000192.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3726729</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>114501</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>771559</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>864122</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>698187</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1182772</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001376474-23-000192.hdr.sgml : 20230405
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230405162935
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001376474-23-000192
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230405
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230405

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SCIENTIFIC ENERGY, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001276531
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PATENT OWNERS & LESSORS [6794]
		IRS NUMBER:				870680657
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			UT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50559
		FILM NUMBER:		23802928

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM K, 9F, GOLDEN DRAGON CENTRE
		STREET 2:		105 XIAN XINGHAI GREAT ROAD
		CITY:			MACAU
		STATE:			N5
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852-2530-2089

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM K, 9F, GOLDEN DRAGON CENTRE
		STREET 2:		105 XIAN XINGHAI GREAT ROAD
		CITY:			MACAU
		STATE:			N5
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SCIENTIFIC ENERGY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040115

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001376474-23-000192.txt : 20230405

10-K
 1
 scgy-20221231.htm
 SCIENTIFIC ENERGY, INC - FORM 10-K SEC FILING

SCIENTIFIC ENERGY, INC - Form 10-K SEC filing 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 
 
 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 
 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 for The Transition Period From __________To ____________ 
 
 Commission file number: 

(Name of registrant as specified in Its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 
 ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, Par Value 0.01 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files): No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 1 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 (Check one): 
 Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) iof the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Yes No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrants executive offi cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Yes No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: Approximately million. 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding as of April 5, 2023. 
 
 2 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ITEM 
 
 Page 
 
 PART I 

1. 
 Business 
 4 

1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 

1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 10 

2. 
 Description of Property 
 10 

3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 11 

4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 11 

PART II 

5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 11 

6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 12 

7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 12 

7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 16 

8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 17 

9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 36 

9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 36 

9B. 
 Other Information 
 37 

PART III 

10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 38 

11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 40 

12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 41 

13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 42 

14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 42 

PART IV 

15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 43 

3 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Background 
 
 Scientific Energy, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, the Company, we, us or our was incorporated under the laws of the State of Utah on May 30, 2001. From 2001 to 2018, the Company had endeavored a number of business activities, from developing and manufacturing various energy generation devices and energy efficient mechanisms to engaging in a business of e-commerce platform, but weren't successful. 
 
 On April 13, 2006, Todd Crosland, Jana Meyer, Mark Clawson and Dale Gledhill (collectively the Sellers entered into a Share Purchase Agreement with Kelton Capital Group Limited (the Buyer ), each of the Sellers was a director of the Company. Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, the Buyer acquired from the Sellers an aggregate of 7,905,000 shares of the Company's issued and outstanding common stock, representing approximately 86.3 of the Company's outstanding shares at that time, for the aggregate cash purchase price of approximately 539,929. As a result of the transaction, a change of control of the Company occurred. 
 
 On January 23, 2018, the Company entered into an agreement with Cityhill Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Elate Holdings Limited, a Hong Kong listed company. Pursuant to the agreement, the parties agreed to establish a 50 - 50 joint venture in Hong Kong, Gold, Gold, Gold Limited (the 3G ). 3G operates in Hong Kong and owns the Goldeck App , a physical gold trading platform. 3G offers its customers with one-stop services including: physical gold trading, deposits and withdrawals. 
 
 On May 10, 2021, the Company acquired 98.75 of the issued and outstanding share capital of Macao E-Media Development Company Limited, a Macau company MED , which was found in Macau in 2011), by issuance of 131,337,500 shares of the Company s restricted common stock, par value 0.01 per share, at 0.50 per share, for an aggregate consideration of 65,668,750. The acquisition was completed on September 27, 2021. As a result, MED becomes a 98.75 owned subsidiary of the Company. 
 
 Based on its monthly gross merchandise volume and market share, MED is a leading food and grocery ordering and delivery service company in Macau. MED was founded in Macau in 2011, and in 2015, once was Meituan Dianping s exclusive business partner in Macau. Meituan Dianping is the biggest platform in China that offers diversified daily needs services, including food delivery, hotel and travel booking and other goods and services. In June 2016, MED launched its own first generation of e-commerce platform, i.e., Aomi App. Since then, MED has grown and become the biggest food and grocery ordering and delivery service provider in Macau, with approximately 70 of the market share. 
 
 The Company has not been involved in any bankruptcy, receivership or similar proceedings. 
 
 Our Business 
 
 We conduct our businesses primarily through our 98.75 owned subsidiary, Macao E-Media Development Company Limited, a Macau Company MED ), and 50 owned subsidiary, Gold Gold Gold Limited 3G ), a Hong Kong company. 
 
 In the following sections, we will primarily discuss the business of MED, as 3G is a joint venture and its financial position and results of operations are not consolidated with our consolidated financial statements. The financial position and results of operations of 3G are summarized in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. 
 We are a leading mobile platform of ordering and delivery services for restaurants or other merchants in Macau. We operate in Macau. Our businesses are built on our platform, Aomi App (the Platform ). The Platform connects restaurants/ merchants (collectively referred to as merchants with consumers and delivery riders. The Platform is created to serve the needs of these three key areas and to become more intelligent and efficient with every customer order. As we grow, we enjoy the benefits of scale and enjoy our competitive advantages, and at the same time we deliver substantial benefits to everyone we serve. In 2022, our Platform generated over 11,779,000 transactions, totaling 1,285,186,000 MOP (approximately 160,248,000) in Gross Merchandise Volume. 
 
 We offer customers access to the Platform primarily through our mobile applications designed for iPhone, Android, and iPad devices. To use the mobile applications, customers either enter their delivery address or use geo-location and are thereby connected with local merchants that provide takeout or offer their services. Customers can further refine their search results using 
 4 
 
 the search capability, enabling them to filter results across cuisines or merchandise types, merchant names, proximity, ratings and other criteria. Once customers have found what they are looking for, they place their orders. Once an order is received, the Company transmits the order to the merchant, while saving the customers preferences for future orders, thus providing them with a convenient repeat order experience. A customer can choose to have the food delivered or for pick-up/take-away. The Platform informs the customer of the duration of food preparation, and when the food is ready for pick-up or the amount of time it will take for delivery. The customers can also track the meal through the real-time location of the delivery rider as displayed on the Platform. 
 
 Customers pay us for their meals or goods when orders are placed. Payment is administered by paying with a credit card, debit card, or third-party payment methods, such as WeChat Pay, Alipay, Apple Pay, Mpay, etc. For these transactions, we collect the total amount of the customer s order less payment processing fees from the payment processor and remits the net proceeds to the merchants less commission and other fees. We generally accumulate funds and remit the net proceeds to the merchant partners at least on a monthly basis. 
 
 Consumers may also access our services through the WeChat mini program, a mobile app operated by a third party. Leveraged by the leading market status of WeChat along with its vast user base, it enables us to broaden our user reach. The WeChat mini program is easy to use. Customers can swipe or search to open the mini app and connect to the Company s Platform without downloading or installing additional mobile applications. The WeChat mini program provides customers with the same functionality as the Company s mobile applications, including finding merchant, searching and ordering. 
 
 Merchants have the option to either engage the Company to provide the delivery service or deliver by themselves. By providing delivery services, the Company is able to significantly increase the number of merchants it can offer to customers while enhancing the transparency, consistency and reliability of the customer experience. Delivery services benefit the merchants by allowing them to focus on making great food or providing good merchandise while the Company handles the complexity of operating the delivery networks. Presently the Company is by far the largest citywide on-demand food and merchandise delivery network in Macau. For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 85 of the delivery transactions generated on our Platform were fulfilled by us. The Company s delivery arrangements with merchants are structured under two models: Instant Delivery and Scheduled Delivery, of which the ratings are the same. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 1,879 delivery riders. 
 
 From time to time, merchants run promotion campaigns or other activities via the Company s Platform. Consumers are able to purchase coupons for merchandise at discounted prices on the Platform, and then go to merchants physical retail stores to redeem the coupons, and enjoy the goods or services at a member-discounted price. By doing so, merchants can establish their online presence, grow more customers, and promote and sell goods and services directly to consumers online. 
 
 We generate revenues primarily when customers place orders on our Platform. Merchant partners pay a commission, typically a percentage of the transaction, on orders that are processed through our Platform. In many cases, we also provide delivery services to merchants on the Platform that do not have their own delivery operations. Merchant partners that use our delivery services pay an additional commission on the transaction for the use of those services. We also recognize as revenue any fees charged directly to the customer. 
 
 We provide our customer with a wide variety of payment methods. Customers may use credit card, debit card, or a third-party payment method to pay for their goods and services when the orders are placed. For Macau customers, we accept debit card and credit card of major Macau banks, e.g., Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Macau), Bank of China (Macau), Tai Fung Bank, Luso International Bank, Banco Nacional Ultramarino. International customers can use credit card issued by Visa, Mastercard, or China UnionPay. We also offer third-party payment methods such as WeChat, Alipay and Mpay. For these transactions, we collect the total amount of the customer s order net of payment processing fees from the payment processor and remits the net proceeds to the merchants less commission and other fees. We generally accumulate funds and remit the net proceeds to the merchant partners at least on a monthly basis. 
 
 A significant portion, approximately 99.7 , of the Company s revenues are the commissions earned from merchant partners for consumer orders generated on our Platform. 
 
 Additional Services 
 
 The Platform of the Company originally serviced only food ordering and delivery, later, built on the Platform s user base, the Company expands its services to other areas, and continues to drive customer growth and enhance customer value. 
 5 

(1) Mobile Supermarket (Aomi Supermarket) and Home Delivery Service . 
 
 Since September 2020, in addition to food, customers can also order grocery and other non-food merchandise through our Platform called Aomi Supermarket , such as fruits and vegetables, meat, poultry, eggs and milk, seafood and aquatic products, grain, oil, seasoning, snacks, beverages and other groceries. Customers can satisfy their daily needs anytime, anywhere on their mobile phones without leaving home. The Platform allows customers to direct delivery riders to purchase the desired merchandise at the Aomi Supermarket and deliver to them, which typically takes less than one hour after an order is placed. We set ourselves apart from traditional retail supermarket brands in many ways. The most notable advantage is that we enjoy lower operating costs without physical retail stores, by selling groceries only online. It has been a year since we started our Aomi Supermarket operation. For the year ended December 31, 2022, due to higher delivery and warehouse costs, we are still losing money in this operation. We believe that as a result of our existing large customer base and on-demand delivery network getting more efficient, and by cutting certain non-profitable stock keeping units (SKUs) and negotiating with suppliers for more favorable pricing, we will be able to offer our online supermarket services with more efficiency and at low marginal cost. For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 8.6 of the Company s revenue was derived from this service. 
 
 (2) Brand Promotion Service 
 
 Taking advantage of the vast user base of the Platform, we have built and maintained stable business relationships with clients from different business sectors who seek more brand exposure. By using our platform, clients can establish their online presence, promote their brands and sell their goods and services directly to consumers online. We offer clients multiple advertisement options in order to meet their various marketing needs, in forms of ads such as pop-up, pop-under, floating or banner, therefore provide clients with consumer acquisition channels through which they can gain customer traffic. Through partnership with local banks, governmental departments, or large corporations, we endeavor to assist our clients to develop new customers while retain existing customers, improve corporate image, and eventually boost corporate trading volume. For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 1.7 of the Company s revenue was derived from this service. 
 Except for our main business line (food ordering and delivery), other new business initiatives are currently not profitable. The main reason is that in the initial stage of the new business, various investments are relatively large, and the gross profit is low. 
 
 Merchant Benefits 
 
 We focus on providing value to both merchants and customers through our Platform. We provide merchants with more orders, help them serve customers better, facilitate delivery logistics, and enable them to improve the efficiency of their business. For customers, we make ordering, takeout accessible, simple and enjoyable, enabling them to discover new merchants and accurately and easily place their orders anytime and from anywhere. 
 
 With more than 4,000 merchants currently on our Platform, we believe that we can provide merchants with the following key benefits: 
 
 More Orders . Through our Platform, merchants in the network receive more orders at full prices. 
 
 Targeted Reach . Merchants in the network gain a mobile presence with the ability to reach their most valuable customers. 
 
 Low Risk, High Return . For merchants, our Platform enables them to grow their business without adding seating capacity or wait/service staff, and enable them to leverage their existing fixed costs. 
 
 Higher Efficiency . Merchant partners in the network can receive and handle a larger volume of takeout orders more accurately, increasing their operational efficiency while providing their takeout customers with a high-quality experience. 
 
 Delivery Service . In many cases, we provide delivery services to those merchants who do not have their own delivery operations. By providing delivery services, merchants can focus on making great food while we handle the complexity of operating the delivery networks. 
 6 
 
 Customer Benefits 
 
 With 832,700 registered Platform customers as of December 31, 2022, we believe that we provide customers with the following key benefits: 
 
 Discovery . We aggregate menus/merchandise catalogs and enable ordering from more than 4,000 merchants in Macau as of December 31, 2022, in most cases we provide customers with more choices than the menu drawer and allowing them to discover hidden gems from merchants on our Platform. 
 
 Lower price . From time to time, merchants run promotion campaigns or other activities via our Platform. Consumers are able to purchase coupons at discount prices on the Platform, and then they go to merchants physical stores to redeem the coupons, and enjoy the goods and services at discounted prices. 
 
 Convenience . Using our Platform, customers do not need to place their orders over the phone or physically going to the merchants place of business. We provide customers with an easy-to-use, intuitive and personalized interface that helps them search and discover local merchants and then accurately and efficiently place orders from any places. 
 
 Service . We strive to deliver a comprehensive and smooth end-to-end experience to our customers characterized with speedy delivery, good quality, and ease of use. 
 
 Sources of Revenues and Costs of Revenues 
 
 We generate revenue primarily from (i) commission from merchants for orders placed on our Platform, which are generally determined as a percentage of the value of the transaction completed, (ii) mobile marketing services in various advertising formats provided to restaurants/merchants or other clients, and (iii) delivery fees from customers and merchants for delivery services provided by us. 
 
 Our costs of revenue primarily consist of (i) food/merchandise delivery rider costs, (ii) payment processing costs, (iii) employee benefits, expenses for customer service and other personnel, (iv) depreciation of property, plant and equipment, and (v) Cloud server operation and maintenance costs. 
 A significant portion of costs of our revenues is attributable to delivery rider costs, which accounted for approximately 20 - 25 of our revenues. 
 
 Market and Customers 
 
 With increased smartphone penetration, in recent years, the mobile food/grocery ordering market has grown worldwide. Mobile ordering has started to become the norm, thanks to the convenience, accuracy, and ability to integrate payments. 
 
 We operate in Macau and serve approximately over one million people, of which approximately 700,000 are permanent residents and more than 300,000 are non-Macau residents/college students who work or study full time in Macau. Our customers are mainly Macau residents, i.e., Macau households, office workers, laborers and college students. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 831,700 registered Platform customers and served over 4,000 partnered merchants. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, none of these active Platform customers or merchants accounted for 10 or more of our net revenues. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 Our sales team add new restaurant/merchant partners to the network by emphasizing the Platform s low risk, high return proposition: providing more orders, low upfront payments or subscription fees without requiring any discounts from a restaurant/merchant s full price menus, and we only get paid for orders we generate for them. Our delivery network has also expanded our offerings and ability to attract restaurants/merchants that do not have their own delivery operations. Leads for new merchants are generated either directly by the merchant through our Platform, or are self-prospected by the sales team. Once merchants have joined our network, our representatives continue to work with them to maintain quality control and to increase their order volume. 
 7 
 
 We believe that our mobile ordering platform, innovative products and excellent customer care are our best and most effective marketing tools, helping to generate strong word-of-mouth referrals, which have been the primary driver of our customer growth. Our integrated marketing efforts are aimed at encouraging new customers to try the Platform and driving existing customers to engage more frequently with the Platform. We use both mobile and offline advertising. 
 
 We worked with the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China to issue a co-branded credit card. Every new card holder is given 50 MOP (approximately 6.25) worth of coupon redeemable on our Platform. Together with our good services, this campaign significantly increased our customer base. 
 
 From time to time, we also introduce various types of promotions and activities to keep the existing users active, such as giving out coupons, discounts, and cash back activities. 

Technology 
 
 Technology has changed consumer behavior and driven a wave of demand for convenience. We enable local brick-and-mortar businesses, which are fundamental to the vitality of local economies and communities, to address consumers expectations of ease and immediacy and thrive in an increasingly convenience-driven economy. We generally develop additional features for our Platform in-house, focusing on quick release cycles and constant improvement. Our mobile properties are either stored on secure remote servers and software networks through a public cloud provider or are hosted by a third-party provider of hosting services. The Platform includes a variety of encryption, antivirus, firewall and patch-management technology to protect and maintain systems and computer hardware across the business. We rely on third-party off-the-shelf technology as well as internally developed and proprietary products and systems to ensure rapid, high-quality customer care, software development, website integration, updates and maintenance. 
 
 Growth Strategy 
 
 We strive to make our Platform an integral part of everyday life for merchants and customers through the following growth strategies: 
 
 (1) More merchants . We intend to broaden our network of merchants by providing innovative services that help merchants operate and grow their businesses. We have experienced tremendous success serving merchants. Today we have over 4,400 merchants, the majority of which are restaurants, on our Platform, and there are many more that we have yet to reach. We will continue to innovate and introduce new products and services to add value for our merchants and unlock additional revenue opportunities, and will continue our sales efforts to continue adding new merchants. 
 
 (2) More consumers . Presently there are over 831,700 consumers on our Platform. We plan to continue to increase our consumer reach by more consumer engagement. At present, consumers use our Platform for a small fraction of their monthly meals or purchases. We strive to increase the frequency with which consumers use our Platform by being the most delicious, affordable, and convenient way to eat or make purchase. We plan to do this by increasing the breadth of restaurant/merchant selection, expanding availability of meals at all times of the day. In addition, our goal is to satisfy consumers, thereby promoting their use of our Platform and making it easier for us to gain new consumers. We continue to make investments aimed at improving the consumer experience. 
 
 We intend to continue to grow the number of customers and orders placed on our Platform primarily through word-of-mouth referrals and marketing that encourages adoption of our ordering Platform and increased order frequency. 
 
 (3) Better Delivery Rider experience . We invest in improving delivery rider experience and satisfaction. 
 
 (4) More Service Offerings . As we grow, we plan to expand our service offerings, and grow into a full-category service e-commerce company. We will continue to add new service categories covering more use cases in consumers daily lives. We also plan to further broaden service selections within our current service categories. We believe expanding service offerings will improve consumer loyalty and lead to more cross-selling. 
 8 
 
 (5) Deliver Excellent Customer Care . By meeting and exceeding the expectations of both merchants and customers through customer service, we seek to gain their loyalty and support for our Platform. 
 
 (6) Improve Our Operational Efficiency . We will focus on optimizing our cost structure primarily through product improvements meant to enhance the operational efficiency and quality of our logistics platform. These improvements include enhancements to our batching algorithms and order preparation and traffic predictions. 
 
 Competition 
 
 As a leading mobile food and grocery ordering and take-out delivery service in Macau, we primarily compete with the traditional offline ordering process used by the vast majority of restaurants/grocery stores and diners involving paper menus that restaurants distribute to diners, as well as advertising that restaurants/grocery stores place in local publications to attract customers. For dining customers, we compete with the traditional ordering process by aggregating restaurant and menu information in one place online so that it is easier and more convenient to find a desirable restaurant option and place a customized order without having to interact directly with the restaurants. For restaurants, we offer a more targeted marketing opportunity than the telephone pages, billboards or other local advertising media since dining customers typically access our Platform when they are looking to place a takeout order, and we capture the transaction right at the time when a dining customer has made a decision. 
 
 Most restaurants in Macau are small businesses, who do not have their own standalone websites and online interfaces. Compared to other dining platforms, we offer customers a wide range of choices, with over 4,400 restaurants on our Platform, including low cost or no cost delivery, menu price parity with any other online ordering option and the lowest overall pricing and most compelling rewards for customers in Macau. 
 
 There is another mobile food delivery service provider in Macau, MFood, which is owned and operated by Mpay, a Macau local digital payment company. While MFood has access to a massive number of users inherited from its parent company, but MFood is small in scale and unable to compete with us effectively. 
 
 While we are currently the leading mobile food and grocery take-out delivery service in Macau, new competitors could emerge and existing competitors could continue to grow in our markets. These competitors may have greater resources and other advantages than us and could impact our growth rates and ability to maintain profitability. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 We are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations in Macau. These laws, regulations, and standards govern issues such as business registration, labor and employment, commissions and fees, anti-discrimination, payments, product liability, environmental protection, personal injury, text messaging, subscription services, intellectual property, consumer protection and warnings, marketing, taxation, privacy, data security, competition, terms of service, mobile application and website accessibility, money transmittal, and background checks. We are also subject to regulations and best practices stipulated by the Monetary and Foreign Exchange Authority of Macau AMCM ). Especially, AMCM requires us to open an official bank account under the supervision of AMCM and other equivalent Macau government departments. When a customer places an order on our Platform, the customer s payment will directly go to this official bank account in the first step. We then settle the payment later with merchants periodically. 
 
 The laws and government regulations are constantly evolving, and it is impossible to predict accurately the effect they may have upon our operations, earnings and its competitive position in the future. As of December 31, 2022, we had not encountered any obstacles rising from government regulations. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 We believe that our intellectual property rights are valuable and important to our business. We rely on trademarks, patents, copyrights, trade secrets, license agreements, intellectual property assignment agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements, and employee non-disclosure agreements to establish and protect our proprietary rights. 
 
 We have devoted to identify and protect a substantial portion of our strategic intellectual property in logistics, selection optimization, and other technologies relevant to its business. As of December 31, 2022, we had 6 patents registered and 2 pending patent applications with the State Intellectual Property Office of China. In addition, we owned 45 trademarks in various categories 
 9 
 
 and registered with the China Trademark Office, 15 trademarks registered with the Economic and Technological Development Bureau of Macau, 6 trademarks registered with the Intellectual Property Department in Hong Kong. Also, we hold 75 software copyrights registered with the State Copyright Bureau of China. 
 
 We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost-effective. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, they may be infringed in the future or may be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged. 
 
 Employees 
 
 We believe that our future success will depend, in part, on our continued ability to attract, hire, and retain qualified personnel. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 549 full time employees and 504 part time employees. Of 549 full time employees, 295 were delivery riders. All of our part-time employees are delivery riders. None of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. We have not experienced any work stoppages, and we believe that our relationship with our employees is good. 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak of the novel strain of coronavirus, specifically identified as COVID-19, as a global pandemic. This has resulted in governments enacting emergency measures to combat the spread of the virus. These measures, which include the implementation of travel bans, self-imposed quarantine periods, and social distancing, have caused material disruption to business, resulting in a global economic slowdown. Equity markets have experienced significant volatility and weakness and the governments and central banks have reacted with significant monetary and fiscal interventions designed to stabilize economic conditions. 
 
 The current challenging economic climate may lead to adverse changes in cash flows, working capital levels, and/or debt balances, which may also have a direct impact on our operating results and financial position in the future. The ultimate duration and magnitude of the impact and the efficacy of government interventions on the economy and the financial effect on our company is not known at this time. The extent of such impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and not in our control, including new information which may emerge concerning the spread and severity of COVID-19, or any of its variants, and actions taken to address its impact, among others. The repercussions of this health crisis could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, and operating results. 
 
 In response to COVID-19, we have implemented working practices to address potential impacts to our operations, employees, and customers, and will take further measures in the future if and as required. At present, we do not believe there has been any appreciable impact on our company specifically associated with COVID-19. 
 
 As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information called for in this Item. 

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

Item 2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY 
 
 We do not own any real estate or other properties. We conduct our businesses primarily in Macau and Hong Kong. We leased office facilities and warehouse at four locations: Jersey City, New Jersey, USA; Hong Kong; Macau; and Zhuhai, Guandong, China, totaling approximately 39,800 square feet, of which approximately 21,480 square feet were used as warehouses. 
 
 We believe these facilities are in good condition and sufficient for our current needs but may need to seek additional or expanded facilities if our business continues to grow, and we believe that suitable additional or alternative space will be available as needed to accommodate any such growth. 
 10 
 
 Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We are not a party to any material pending legal proceedings, nor are we aware of any pending litigation or legal proceeding against us, our officers, directors, or any beneficial holders of 5 or more of our voting securities that would have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. 

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 
 
 Our common stock is quoted for trading on the OTC Pink marketplace under symbol SCGY , and has been traded very thinly and infrequently. Accordingly, we are not including a history of reported trades in the public market through December 31, 2022. 
 
 Holders of Our Common Stock 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 263,337,500 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding, held by approximately 256 stockholders of record. The number of record holders does not include beneficial owners of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 We have never paid or declared any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the growth and development of our business, and we do not expect to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Payment of future dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, preferential rights of any preferred stock, restrictions contained in future financing instruments, and other factors our Board of Directors deems relevant. 
 
 Penny Stock 
 
 The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a market price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, that: (a) contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; (b) contains a description of the broker's or dealer's duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation of such duties or other requirements of the securities laws; (c) contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; (d) contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; (e) defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and (f) contains such other information and is in such form, including language, type size and format, as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation. 
 
 The broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with (a) bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; (b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; (c) the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and (d) a monthly account statement showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. 
 
 In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement as to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. 
 
 11 
 
 These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity for our common stock should our stock ever be traded on a public market. Therefore, stockholders may have difficulty selling our securities. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 We do not have any equity compensation plans under which equity securities may be issued. 
 
 Performance graph 
 
 Not required for smaller reporting companies. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 On May 10, 2021, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement with multiple accredited investors to sell and issue to the purchasers in reliance on Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, an aggregate of 17,084,148 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share at a price of 0.50 per Share. Proceeds to the Company from the sale of the Shares were 8,542,074. 
 
 On May 10, 2021, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement, by and among the Company, Macao E-Media Development Company Limited, a company registered in Macau MED ), and the shareholders of MED (the MED Shareholders and, together with MED, the Sellers ), whereby the Company acquired from the Sellers 98.75 of the issued and outstanding share capital of MED (the MED Shares ). 
 
 As consideration for the MED Shares, the Company agreed to issue the Sellers, or its assigns, in a total of 131,337,500 shares of the Company s restricted common stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a consideration of 0.50 per share, for an aggregate consideration of 65,668,750. 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 
 No purchases of our equity securities were made by us or any affiliated entity during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 A smaller reporting company is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 This discussion summarizes the significant factors affecting the operating results, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows of the Company and its subsidiaries for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The discussion and analysis that follows should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Except for historical information, the matters discussed in this section are forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties and are based upon judgments concerning various factors that are beyond the Company s control. Consequently, and because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, the actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements. You are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report. 
 
 Business Overview 
 
 We conduct our businesses primarily through our 98.75 owned subsidiary, Macao E-Media Development Company Limited, a Macau Company MED ), and 50 owned subsidiary, Gold Gold Gold Limited 3G ), a Hong Kong company. 
 
 In this MD A section, we will primarily discuss the business of MED, as 3G is a joint venture and its financial position and results of operations are not consolidated with our consolidated financial statements. The financial position and results of operations of 3G are summarized in the Notes to our consolidated financial statements. 
 12 
 
 As a leading mobile platform of ordering and delivery services for restaurants or other merchants, we operate in Macau, and our businesses are built on our platform, Aomi App (the Platform ). The Platform connects restaurants/merchants (collectively referred to as Merchants with consumers and delivery riders. The Platform is created to serve the needs of these three key constituencies and to become more intelligent and efficient with every customer order. As we grow, we enjoy the benefits of scale and enjoy our competitive advantages, and at the same time we deliver substantial benefits to everyone we serve. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our Platform generated over 11,779,000 transactions, totaling 1,285,186,000 MOP (approximately 160,248,000) in Gross Merchandise Volume. 
 
 In 2022, with the changes in the macroeconomic environment, market, and competition, our business strategy was adjusted to maintain a stable market share, reduce costs and increase efficiency, and ensure the Company s profitability. During the year, we reduced or suspended our investment in certain exploratory business activities, such as online supermarket, live broadcasting business, and focus on our main business and the business initiatives with good profitability. At the same time, we carried out various measures to reduce distribution costs and platform operating costs, and lay off some employees to reduce labor costs. 
 
 Impact of COVID-19 on Our Operations and Financial Performance 
 
 Outbreaks of epidemic, pandemic, or contagious diseases such as COVID-19, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The spread of COVID-19 has resulted in the World Health Organization declaring the outbreak of COVID-19 as a global pandemic. Substantially all of our revenues and workforce are concentrated in Macau and in China. In response to the intensifying efforts to contain the spread of COVID-19, the Macau government took a number of actions, which included extending the Chinese New Year holiday, quarantining individuals suspected of having COVID-19, asking residents to stay at home and to avoid public gathering, among other things. 
 
 The Covid-19 has had a mixed-impact on our businesses. Affected by the epidemic, customers have reduced going out and banned dine-in, which has brought big opportunities for our main business, i.e., takeaway service. The order volume has increased, the average unit price has increased, and the transaction volume has increased. Taking advantage of this opportunity, more merchants were joined our network. However, it is disadvantageous for our other services, because customers' consumption is downgraded and they are more sensitive to discounts. 
 
 While we continue business operations, there remain significant uncertainties surrounding the COVID-19 outbreak and its further development as a global pandemic. Hence, the extent of the business disruption and the related impact on our financial results and outlook for 2023 cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. The extent to which the COVID-19 impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions taken globally to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. We are still assessing our business operations and the total impact COVID-19 may have on our results and financial condition, but there can be no assurance that this analysis will enable us to avoid part or all impact from the spread of COVID-19 or its consequences, including downturns in business sentiment generally. 
 
 2022 Highlights 
 
 Our operating results for the year ended December 31, 2022 included the following: 

Total revenue increased by 10.0 million to 44.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Total gross profit increased by 2.4 million to 13.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

13 

Results of Operations 
 
 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 The following table shows operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Revenues 

44,111,814 

10,049,891 

34,061,923 

339 

Cost of revenue 

30,901,653 

7,664,721 

23,236,932 

303 

Gross Profit 

13,210,161 

2,385,170 

10,824,991 

454 

Operating expense 

17,053,486 

3,344,172 

13,709,314 

410 

Operating loss 

(3,843,325) 

(959,002) 

2,884,323 

301 

Other income / (expense) 

20,824 

(29,079) 

49,903 

n/a 

Net loss 

(3,822,501) 

(988,081) 

2,834,420 

287 

Sales 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company generated sales for 44,111,814 compared to 10,049,891 for the year of 2021. The new generated sales were entirely from the newly acquired 98.75 owned subsidiary, MED, which was acquired by the Company in September 2021. 
 Costs of Revenue 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company generated cost of revenue for 30,901,653 compared to 7,664,721 for the year of 2021. Currently the Company is attributable to delivery rider costs and purchase of inventory for the whole year. 
 
 Operating expenses 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s operating expenses were 17,053,486 compared to 3,344,172 for the year of 2021. The increase is primarily the result of expense paid towards Macau and Zhuhai business operations in 2022. 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had 20,824 of other income, net, as compared to 29,079 of interest expense, net, for the same period last year. The interest income in 2022 is related to loan receivable from a joint venture company. The interest expense in 2022 and 2021 are related to loan interest payable to the banks. The increase is primarily the result of new bank loan paid towards Macao and Zhuhai business operations. 
 
 Net Loss 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had a net loss of 3,766,129, or (0.014) per share, as compared to a net loss of 967,685, or (0.005) per share, for the year of 2021. 
 
 Going Concern 
 
 The Company's consolidated financial statements are prepared using U.S. GAAP applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company had a net loss of 3,766,129 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and had an accumulated deficit of 14,034,905 as of December 31, 2022. The Company has not yet established an adequate ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs and to allow it to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced to cease development of operations. Moreover, the Company may be continuously raising capital through the sale of debt and equity securities. 
 
 The Company s ability to achieve these objectives cannot be determined at this stage. If the Company is unsuccessful in its endeavors, it may be forced to cease operations. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from this uncertainty which may include adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset 
 14 
 
 amounts, or amounts and classifications of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 
 
 These factors have raised substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. There can be no assurances that the Company will be able to obtain adequate financing or achieve profitability. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of 2,677,775 and a working capital deficit of 5,804,912. The Company generates a significant amount of cash flows from operations. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company used net cash of 3,393,848 from its operating activities primarily from our net loss of 3,822,501, net with depreciation and amortization of 185,102, a disposal of equipment of 8,353, an increase in account receivables of 218,783, an decrease in inventories of 147,067, an increase in prepaid expenses of 267,133, a decrease in deposits of 173,117, an increase in other receivables of 89,902, an decrease in accrued expense of 79,457, a increase in deposit received of 201,219, a decrease in other payables of 235,835, an increase in account payable of 604,905. By comparison, net cash used in operating activities was 4,798,556 in 2021. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company provided net cash of 303,242 from its investing activities which comprised with purchase of equipment of 51,517, purchase of intangible asset of 65,541, loan to associate of 9,640, advances to related company of 71,739, repayment from shareholder of 501,679. By comparison, net cash used in investing activities was 1,755,473 in 2021. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s financing activities provided net cash of 24,174, which was comprised of repayment of bank loans of 599,065 and loan borrowing from bank of 623,239. By comparison, net cash provided by financing activities was 11,652,469 in 2021. 
 
 We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, short term investments and borrowings available under the credit facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements for at least the next twelve months. However, our liquidity assumptions may prove to be incorrect, and we could utilize our available financial resources sooner than currently expected. If we are unable to obtain needed additional funds, we will have to reduce operating costs, which could impair our growth prospects and could otherwise negatively impact our business. 
 
 The bank loans are borrowed by MED and Zhuhai Chengmi Technology Company Limited Chengmi ), which are the new subsidiaries during business combinations in September 2021. The banking credit facility from MED dated March 3, 2020 for a maximum principal of 374,672 expiring July 31, 2025 at an interest rate of 4.25 per annum. This loan is secured against the directors of MED and for the use of MED operation due to the outbreak of COVID-19. Another bank loan borrowed by Chengmi with principle of 464,583 and 309,721 and expiring December 2022 and May 2023, respectively, at an interest rate of 4.6 and 4.45 per annum. On June 13, 2022, MED borrowed another loan from Ant Bank (Macao) Limited with principle of 623,239 (equivalent to MOP5,000,000), at an interest rate of 4 per annum with no fixed term of repayment. 
 
 Until we are able to generate sufficient liquidity from operations, we intend to continue to fund operations from cash on-hand, and through private debt or equity placements of our securities. Our continued operations will depend on whether we are able to generate sufficient liquidity from operations and/or raise additional capital through such sources as equity and debt financings, collaborative and licensing agreements and strategic alliances. There can be no assurance that additional capital will become available or, if it does, that it will become available on acceptable terms, or that any additional capital we may obtain will be sufficient to meet our long-term needs. We currently have no commitments for any additional capital, both internally and externally. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 The Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 The Company leases approximately 250 square feet of space in Jersey City, New Jersey under a month-by-month basis at rent of 650 per month. In addition, the Company entered into a two-year lease for office space of approximately 770 square feet in Hong Kong, expiring January 2024 with monthly payments of approximately 4,404 per month. Besides, the acquisition of Macau and Zhuhai subsidiaries, it results on addition lease for office and warehouse approximately 39,800 square feet in Macau and Zhuhai, expiring within year 2023 and 2024 with monthly payment of approximately 28,351 per month. 
 15 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 In preparing the consolidated financial statements, we follow accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). GAAP requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, sales and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We re-evaluate our estimates on an on-going basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. 
 
 We believe our use of estimates and underlying accounting assumptions adhere to GAAP and are consistently applied. Our significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. 

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As we are a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 
 16 

Item 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

SCIENTIFIC ENERGY, INC. 
 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 
 (Stated in US Dollars) 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID# 2769) 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Losses for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

17 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Scientific Energy, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Scientific Energy, Inc and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive losses, stockholders deficit and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets Refer to Notes 2, 5 and 6 to the financial statements. 
 
 18 
 
 As disclosed in the consolidated financial statements goodwill and intangible assets, net were 71.7 and 1 million respectively as of December 31, 2022. Impairment is reviewed whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of these assets may not be fully recoverable. As shown in Notes 5 and 6 to the financial statements, the Company did not recognize any impairment for goodwill and intangible assets during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 If an indicator of impairment exists for any software technology, an estimate of the undiscounted future cash flows over the life of the primary asset for each software technology is compared to that long-lived asset s carrying value. 
 
 The determination of whether an impairment indicator has occurred involves the evaluation of subjective factors by management to assess what constitutes an event or change in circumstance that indicates a software technology should be tested for recoverability, and therefore auditing the valuation of goodwill and long-lived assets involved especially subjective judgment. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit: 
 
 Subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate the completeness of management s assessment as to whether an event or change in circumstance indicates a software technology s assets should be tested for recoverability. The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included the following: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s goodwill and intangible impairment process, including controls related to determining the completeness of management s assessment as to which events or changes in circumstance indicates a software technology s assets should be tested for recoverability. 
 
 We evaluated management s process for determining whether all potential indicators of impairment were appropriately identified, including: 
 
 comparing the consistency and precision of the methodology used to determine the proper impairment indicators by management to the relevant requirements of generally accepted accounting principles GAAP 
 
 considering current technology, economy or other industry changes through review of relevant industry publications, current news publications and Board of Directors meeting minutes, in order to evaluate the completeness of events or changes in circumstances identified by management as indicators that the software technology asset should be tested for recoverability. 

/s/ Centurion ZD CPA Co 

April 5, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2014 . 
 
 PCAOB ID # 
 19 

SCIENTIFIC ENERGY, INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Loan receivables 

Account receivables 

Other receivables 

Amount due from related companies 

Amount due from joint venture 

Amount due from shareholder 

Inventories 

Prepaid expense 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets: 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Operating lease right to use assets 

Deposits 

Total non-current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' SURPLUS 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payables 

Accrued expenses 

Amount due to related company 

Deposits received 

Other payables 

Bank loans 

Operating lease liabilities 

Bank overdrafts 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities: 

Bank loans 

Operating lease liability 

Total non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies ) 

Stockholders' deficit: 

Preferred stock: par value per share; shares authorized, issued and outstanding 

Common stock: par value per share, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

20 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 
 ) 
 
 Total stockholders' surplus 

Non-controlling interests 
 ) 
 ) 

Total liabilities and stockholders' surplus 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

F- 2 
 21 

SCIENTIFIC ENERGY, INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 
 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 REVENUE 

COST OF REVENUE 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

NET LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 
 ) 
 ) 

Other income (expense): 

Sundry (expense) income, net 

Interest (expense) income, net 
 ) 
 ) 

Net loss before provision for income taxes 
 ) 
 ) 

Income taxes 

NET LOSS 
 ) 
 ) 

Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 

Net income attributable to Scientific Energy, Inc. 
 ) 
 ) 

OTHER COMPREHENIVE LOSS: 

Foreign translation gain (loss) 
 
 ) 

Comprehensive loss 
 ) 
 ) 

Net loss per common share, basic and diluted 
 ) 
 ) 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

F-3 
 22 

SCIENTIFIC ENERGY, INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 
 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Additional 
 
 Other 
 Non- 

Common stock 
 Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 
 controlling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Income (loss) 
 Interests 
 Total 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

) 

) 

Issuance of shares in connection with acquisition of subsidiaries 

) 

Issuance of ordinary shares 

Foreign currency transaction income 

) 
 
 ) 

Net loss 

) 
 
 ) 
 ) 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

) 
 ) 
 ) 

Foreign currency transaction income 

Net loss 

) 
 
 ) 
 ) 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

) 
 
 ) 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statement 

F-4 
 23 

SCIENTIFIC ENERGY, INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year ended December 31, 
 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 
 
 Depreciation 

Amortization 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Account receivables 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Inventories 
 
 ) 
 
 Deposits 

Prepaid expenses 
 ) 

Other receivables 
 ) 

Accrued expenses 
 ) 

Deposits received 
 
 ) 
 
 Other payable 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Accounts payable 
 
 ) 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 ) 
 ) 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
 
 Net cash inflow from acquisition of subsidiaries 

(Advances to) / repayment from related companies 
 ) 

Advances to joint venture 
 
 ) 
 
 Repayment from / (advances to) shareholder 
 
 ) 
 
 Loan to joint venture 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Purchase of intangible assets 
 ) 

Purchase of equipment 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Net cash provided by / (used in) investing activities 
 
 ) 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from issuance of share capital 

Repayment of bank borrowings 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Loan borrowings 

Proceeds from notes payable 
 
 ) 
 
 Proceeds from subscription received 
 
 ) 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of currency rate changes on cash 
 
 ) 

Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 ) 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 
 
 Interest paid, net 

Income taxes paid 

Non cash financing activities: 

Record right to use assets upon adoption of ASC 842 

Record lease liabilities upon adoption of ASC 842 

Non cash transaction: 

Issuance of shares in connection with acquisition of subsidiaries 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

F-5 
 24 
 
 SCIENTIFIC ENERGY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 on . Prior to August 2011, the Company was principally devoted to the buying and selling of various types and grades of graphite, such as medium- and high-carbon graphite, high-purity graphite, micro-powder graphite and expandable graphite. In August 2011, the Company decided to engage in a business of e-commerce platform. Currently the Company is in the process of developing a website, which provides an e-commerce platform, where registered members can exchange goods and services. 
 
 On March 28, 2006, the Company set up a wholly owned subsidiary, PDI Global Limited PDI ), which was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands in order to engage in a business of e-commerce platform. 
 
 In January 2008, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with China Resources Development Group Ltd., a Hong Kong company. Under the agreement, a joint venture company, Kabond Investments Ltd (the JVC ), was established in Hong Kong, and the Company invested 39.6 million Hong Kong dollars (approximately 5.09 million) into the JVC for 72 of the JVC s capital shares, and China Resources Development Group Ltd., jointly with its partner, invested 15.4 million Hong Kong dollars (approximately 1.98 million) into the JVC to receive 28 of the JVC s capital shares. In December 2008, all equity interest of the JVC owned by the Company was sold to a third party for 39.6 million Hong Kong dollars (approximately 5,109,743). 
 
 In January 2009, the Company through its wholly-owned subsidiary, PDI, entered into a joint venture agreement with China Resources Development Group Ltd. Under the agreement, the Company agreed to invest 43,040,000 Hong Kong dollars (approximately 5.55 million) into a joint venture company Sinoforte Ltd. in Hong Kong Sinoforte ). The Company got 80 of Sinoforte's capital shares, and China Resources invested 10,222,000 Hong Kong dollars, approximately 1,318,967, and another investor invested 538,000 Hong Kong dollars, or approximately 69,419, into Sinoforte for 19 and 1 of Sinoforte's capital shares, respectively. The main business of Sinoforte was trading mineral products such as graphite produced in China. In June 2009 and September 2009, respectively, China Resources and the other minority investor cancelled their investments in Sinoforte, and the full amount of their original investments was returned. As a result, Sinoforte became a wholly-owned subsidiary of PDI. On December 8, 2020, PDI sold all the shares of Sinoforte to the Company at consideration of HK 10. 
 
 On February 28, 2012, the Company set up a wholly-owned subsidiary, Makeliving Ltd., which was incorporated in the Cayman Islands in order to engage in a business of e-commerce platform. 
 
 On January 23, 2018, the Company entered into an agreement with Cityhill Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of South Sea Petroleum Holdings Limited, a Hong Kong listed public company, pursuant to which parties agreed to establish a joint venture (the Joint Venture ). Each party owns 50 equity interest in the Joint Venture respectively. 
 
 On February 8, 2021, the Company acquired an entire share of a Hong Kong company, Qwestro Limited, for HK 1,000 without any goodwill and bargaining purchase. 
 
 On March 24, 2021, the Company disposed of its wholly-owned dormant subsidiary, PDI Global Limited, with a positive net worth of 1 to an unaffiliated third-party purchaser for 1. 
 
 In September 27, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of 98.75 shares of Macao E-Media Development Company Limited MED ). As consideration for the MED shares, the Company agreed to issue the Sellers, or its assigns, in a total of 131,337,500 shares of the Company s restricted common stock, par value 0.01 per share, at a consideration of 0.50 per share, in the aggregate consideration of 65,668,750 (the Purchase Price ). As a result of this acquisition, MED becomes a 98.75 owned subsidiary of the Company. MED was founded at Macau in 2011. Its main area of business includes food and grocery order-pickup-delivery services from local restaurants, supermarkets and hotels. 
 
 MED has five subsidiaries, each of which is in charge of respective area such as Development Maintenance, Marketing Operation, Logistics Delivery, Payment Clearance, Emerging Market Business Development. 
 25 

26 

27 
 
 -5 years 

Furniture and fixtures 
 
 -5 years 

Vehicles 
 
 years 

The Company evaluates the carrying value of items of property, plant and equipment to be held and used whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The carrying value of an item of property, plant and equipment is considered impaired when the projected undiscounted future cash flows related to the asset are less than its carrying value. The Company measures impairment based on the amount by which the carrying value of the respective asset exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined primarily using the projected future cash flows discounted at a rate commensurate with the risk involved. 

28 

29 

and an accumulated deficit of as of December 31, 2022. The Company also experienced insufficient cash flows from operations and will be required continuous financial support from the shareholders. The Company will need to raise capital to fund its operations until it is able to generate sufficient revenue to support the future development. Moreover, the Company may be continuously raising capital through the sale of debt and equity securities. 
 
 The Company s ability to achieve these objectives cannot be determined at this stage. If the Company is unsuccessful in its endeavors, it may be forced to cease operations. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from this uncertainty which may include adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts, or amounts and classifications of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 
 
 These factors have raised substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. There can be no assurances that the Company will be able to obtain adequate financing or achieve profitability. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 30 

Office equipment 

Vehicles 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Less: accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Intangible assets, net 

Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 146,284 and 56,705, respectively. 

Less accumulated impairment losses 

Balance at end of period 

Goodwill has been allocated for impairment testing purposes to the acquisition of the shares of Macao E-Media Development Company Limited by the Company. 
 
 The assets were valued using a Fair Market Value basis as defined by The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB ASC 820). Liabilities were taken from Macao E-Media Development Company Limited Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 27, 2021. 
 
 31 

Hong Kong 

Subtotal 

Less accumulated depreciation 
 
 () 

() 
 
 Right to use assets, net 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded and as depreciation on ROU assets; and the Company recorded 46,643 and 15,544 as financial interest to current period operations. 
 
 Lease liability is summarized below: 

Hong Kong 

Total lease liability 

Less: short term portion 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Long term portion 

Maturity analysis under these lease agreements are as follows: 

Less: Present value discount 
 
 () 

() 
 
 Lease liability 

Short-term lease expense 

Lease expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 was comprised of the following: 

Operating lease expense 

Short-term lease expense 

. On September 27, 2021, the Company acquired a Macao subsidiary, MED and Green Supply Chain Management Company Limited who were trading as mobile platform of ordering and delivery services for restaurants and supermarket respectively and had approximately 108,000 merchandise inventory as of December 31, 2022. 
 32 

Overdrafts 
 
 () 

Cash and cash equivalents, net 

Bank overdrafts 

Total bank loans and overdrafts 

Less: short term portion 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 Long term portion 

shares of common stock, par value, and shares of preferred stock, par value. As of December 30, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding, and none of the preferred shares were issued and outstanding. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Kelton Capital Group Ltd. owned 31,190,500 shares, or 11.84 , of the Company s common stock, Jiang Haitao owned 46,588,236 shares, or 17.69 , of the Company s common stock, and Elate Holdings Limited owned 26,000,000 shares, or 9.87 , of the Company s common stock. Other than Kelton Capital Group Ltd, Jiang Haitao and Elate Holdings Limited, no person owns 5 or more of the Company s issued and outstanding shares. 

) 

Denominator 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding basic and diluted 

Loss per common share basic and diluted 

) 

) 

33 
 
 34 

) 
 
 Inventory obsolescence 

Total deferred tax assets 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

The Company is subject to income tax holidays with respect to its Asian operations, and accordingly has recognized for foreign income taxes. 

Hong Kong Profit Tax rate (16.5 

PRC Tax rate (25 
 
 ) 

) 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Net expense (benefit) 

The net deferred tax asset generated by the U.S. loss carry-forward has been fully reserved. 
 
 The Company recognizes interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in operating expenses. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized no interest and penalties. The Company had no accruals for interest and penalties at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Tax years from 2015 through 2022 are open to examination by the taxing authorities. 

Other receivables and prepaid 

Inventory 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Total assets 

Other payable 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Customer deposits and other 

() 
 
 () 
 
 Total liabilities 

() 
 
 () 

Net liabilities 

() 
 
 () 

35 

Cost of sale 
 
 () 

() 
 
 Gross profit 

Operating expense 
 
 () 

() 
 
 Net loss from operations 
 
 () 

() 

Other income (expense): 

Interest (expense) income, net 
 
 () 

() 
 
 Net loss 
 
 () 

() 

capital commitment was expected. 
 
 Legal Proceeding 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company is t aware of any material outstanding claim and litigation against it. 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures . As of December 31, 2022, an evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )). Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that the design and operation of these disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in applicable rules and forms. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

36 
 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the 2013 criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework . Based on management s assessment and those criteria, management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Our management s report of the effectiveness on the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. As of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the Company s disclosure control and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )). Based on this evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 There was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and Rule 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the period covered by this report and that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

On May 13, 2022, the Company was identified by the Commission pursuant to Section 104(i)(2)(A) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 as having retained, for the preparation of the audit report on its financial statements included in the Form 10-K, a registered public accounting firm that has a branch or office that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB has determined it is unable to inspect or investigate completely PCAOB registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB issued a report that vacated its December 16, 2021 determination and removed mainland China and Hong Kong from the list of jurisdictions where it is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms. For this reason, the Company does not expect to be identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA after we file this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 As of the date of this annual report and to the Company s best knowledge: 
 
 (1) Since its inception, the Company has not been owned or controlled by a governmental entity in the foreign jurisdiction, neither in mainland China nor Hong Kong. No government or government-controlled entity owns an equity interest in the Company, not even a single share. 
 
 (2) None of the Company s shares or the shares of the Company s consolidated foreign operating entities are owned by governmental entities in the jurisdiction in which the Company such consolidated foreign operating entities are incorporated or otherwise organized; 
 
 (3) No governmental entities in the applicable foreign jurisdiction with respect to the Company s registered public accounting firm have a controlling financial interest in the Company or any of the Company s consolidated foreign operating entities; 
 
 (4) None of the member of the Board of Directors or executive officers of the Company or its operating entity is a member of the Chinese Communist Party; 
 
 (5) The Company s or its operating entities articles of incorporation and bylaws do not contain any charter or language about the Chinese Communist Party; and 
 37 
 
 (6) The Company was incorporated in the State of Utah without any kinds of VIE (Variable Interest Entity) structure or other similar structures. 

PART III 

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers 
 
 The following table sets forth the information about our sole director and executive officer: 

Name 
 Age 
 Positions Held 

Stanley Chan 
 68 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director 

Mr. Stanley Chan has served as our Director, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and Chairman of the Company since May 2006. Mr. Chan has more than ten years of experience in import-export business and financial investment. 
 
 Significant Employees 
 
 There are no significant employees other than our executive officer. 
 
 Family Relationships 
 
 None of our directors, executive officers, or key employees is related by blood, marriage, or adoption to any other director, executive officer, or other key employees. To our knowledge, there are no arrangements or understanding between any of our officers and any other person, including directors, pursuant to which the officer was selected to serve as an officer. 
 
 Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, requires officers and directors of our company and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our company s equity securities to file initial statements of beneficial ownership of common stock (Form 3) and statements of changes in beneficial ownership of common stock (Forms 4 or 5) with the SEC. Officers, directors, and greater than 10 stockholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all such forms they file. 
 
 During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, all of our director, executive officer or beneficial owner of more than 10 of our common stock were compliance with the Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Committees of the Board of Directors 
 
 The current Board is composed of one director. We currently do not have a separate Audit Committee, Nominating, Governance Committee or Compensation Committee; however, we intend to expand the size of our Board of Directors and intend to seek qualified directors to serve on the Board and ultimately form standing Audit, Nominating, Governance and Compensation Committees. 
 
 Classification of Directors; Board Vacancies 
 
 The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock have approved an amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation which provides for the division of our Board of Directors into three classes, each class consisting, as nearly as possible, of one-third of the total number of directors, with each class having a three-year term. Vacancies on the Board of Directors may be filled only by persons elected by a majority of the remaining directors. A director elected by the Board of Directors to fill a vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the vacancy occurred and until such director s successor is elected and qualified. 
 
 Director and Nominee Qualifications 
 
 The Board of Directors is responsible for identifying individuals qualified to become Board members and recommending to the Board director nominees for the next annual meeting of stockholders and candidates to fill vacancies on the Board. Additionally, 
 38 
 
 in selecting nominees for directors, the Board will review candidates recommended by stockholders using the same general criteria as other candidates. 
 
 There has not been any defined policy or procedure requirements for stockholders to submit recommendations or nomination for directors. There are no specific, minimum qualifications that the board of directors believes must be met by a candidate recommended by the board of directors. The entire board of directors will assess candidates, whether submitted by management or stockholders, and make recommendations for election or appointment. 
 
 Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 
 The Company s board of directors determined that the Company does not have a board member that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(i) of Regulation S-K, nor do we have a board member that qualifies as independent as the term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv)(B) of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company believes that, from his business experience in overseeing or assessing the performance of companies, Mr. Stanley Chan is capable of analyzing and evaluating our consolidated financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. The Company believes that retaining an independent director who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be overly costly and burdensome and is not currently warranted. The Company does intend to seek qualified audit committee financial experts. 
 
 Director Independence 
 
 The Company is presently not required to comply with the director independence requirements of any securities exchange, which requires that a majority of a company's directors be independent. The board of directors of the Company intends to appoint additional members, each of whom will satisfy the director independence guidelines in a manner consistent with the definitions of independence set forth in SEC Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 Leadership Structure 
 
 The Chairman of our Board of Directors, and Chief Executive Officer positions are currently the same person, Mr. Chan. Our Bylaws do not require our Board of Directors to separate the roles of chairman and chief executive officer but provides our Board of Directors with the flexibility to determine whether the two roles should be combined or separated based upon our needs. Our Board of Directors believes the combination of the chairman and the chief executive officer roles is the appropriate structure for our company at this time. Our Board of Directors believes the current leadership structure serves as an aid in the Board of Directors oversight of management and it provides us with sound corporate governance practices in the management of our business. 
 
 Risk Management 
 
 The Board of Directors discharges its responsibilities, and assesses the information provided by our management and the independent auditor, in accordance with its business judgment. Management is responsible for the preparation, presentation, and integrity of the Company s financial statements, and management is responsible for conducting business in an ethical and risk mitigating manner. The Board of Directors oversees management in their duty to manage the risk of our company and each of our subsidiaries. Our Board of Directors regularly reviews information provided by management as management works to manage risks in the business. The Board of Directors intends to establish Board Committees to assist the full Board of Directors oversight by focusing on risks related to the particular area of concentration of the relevant committee. 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 The Company has adopted a written Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which applies to its directors, principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. 
 
 The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics addresses, among other things, compliance with laws, rules and regulations, conflicts of interest, corporate opportunities, confidentiality, protection and use of company assets, and the reporting process for any illegal or unethical conduct. 
 
 Any waiver of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics may only be made by the Board of Directors of the Company and will be promptly disclosed on a Form 8-K. 
 Compensation Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 
 There were no compensation committee or board interlocks among the members of our Board. 
 39 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 Neither we, nor any of our property, are currently subject to any material legal proceedings or other regulatory proceedings, and to our knowledge no such proceedings are contemplated. 

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 The following tables set forth the compensation of the Company's executive officers during the last two fiscal years: 
 
 Summary Compensation Table 

Non- 
 Equity 

Nonqualified 

Incentive 

Deferred 

All 

Name and 

Stock 

Option 

Plan 

Compensation 

Other 

Principal 

Salary 

Bonus 

Awards 

Awards 

Compensation 

Earnings 

Compensation 

Total 

Position 
 
 Year 
 
 ) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Stanley Chan 
 
 2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

CEO and 
 
 2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

President 

There were no most highly compensated executive officers as that term is defined in Item 402(a)(2) of Regulation S-K and there were no additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been made in this table. 
 
 Director Compensation 
 
 Directors do not receive any compensation for their services as directors. The Board of Directors has the authority to fix the compensation of directors. No amounts have been paid to, or accrued to, directors in such capacity. As of the date of this report, no guidelines for the compensation of our non-employee directors have been adopted. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The Company has no equity compensation plans at present, and there have been no grants of plan-based awards made to a named executive officer in the last two completed fiscal years under any plan. 
 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 
 
 The Company does not have any equity incentive plans. There were no outstanding equity awards at fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as defined by Item 402(p) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 
 
 We do not have any equity incentive plans. There have been no exercise of stock options, SARs and similar instruments, and no vesting of stock, including restricted stock, restricted stock units and similar instruments, during the last two completed fiscal years for each of the named executive officers. 
 
 Employment Contracts, Termination of Employment, Change-in-Control Arrangements 
 
 We do not have employment agreements in place with our executive officers and directors. There are no contracts, agreements, plans or arrangements, whether written or unwritten, that provides for payment(s) to a named executive officer at, following, or in connection with the resignation, retirement or other termination of a named executive officer, or a change in control of the Company or a change in the named executive officer's responsibilities following a change in control, with respect to each named executive officer. 
 
 Pension Benefits 
 
 We do not sponsor any qualified or non-qualified pension benefit plans. 
 40 
 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 
 
 We do not maintain any non-qualified defined contribution or deferred compensation plans. At this time, we do not have a tax qualified defined contribution 401(k) plan in which all eligible executive officers and employees may participate. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 As of the end of the most recently completed fiscal year, there were no compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance. 
 
 Potential Conflicts of Interest of Compensation Consultants 
 
 No compensation consultants have ever been hired to advise the Company and its Board of Directors. 

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following tables set forth certain information as of March 31, 2023, regarding (i) each person known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (ii) each director, nominee and executive officer of the Company and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Percentage of ownership is based on 263,337,500 shares of common stock outstanding on March 31, 2023. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 

Title of Class 
 Name and Address of 
 Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Percent of Class 

Common 
 Liang Huang (2) 
 c/o 27 Weldon Street 
 Jersey City, NJ 07306 
 
 31,261,920 
 
 11.87 

Common 
 Jiang Haitao 
 c/o 27 Weldon Street 
 Jersey City, NJ 07306 
 
 46,588,236 
 
 17.69 

Common 
 Elate Holdings Limited 
 Unit 1002, 10/F, Euro Trade Centre 
 13-14 Connaught Road Central and 21-23 Des Voeux Road, Central, Hong Kong 
 26,000,000 
 9.87 

Notes: 
 
 (1) Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 promulgated by the Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Except as indicated, we believe each holder possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to all of the shares of voting stock owned by that holder, subject to community property laws where applicable. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a holder and the percentage ownership of that holder, shares of common stock subject to options or warrants held by that holder that are currently exercisable or are exercisable within 60 days after the date of the table are deemed outstanding. Those shares, however, are not deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person or group. 
 
 (2) Includes 31,190,500 shares held by Kelton Capital Group Limited. 
 Security Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers 
 
 As of March 31, 2023, no director, nominee and executive officer of the Company owned the security of the Company. 
 
 Changes in Control 
 
 There are no arrangements, known to the Company, including any pledge by any person of securities of the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the registrant. 
 41 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 As of the end of the most recently completed fiscal year, there were no compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance. 

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Certain Related Party Transactions During the Last Two Fiscal Years 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no transactions, or currently proposed transactions, in which we were or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any of the following persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest: 

any director or executive officer of our company; 

any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 5 of the voting rights attached to our outstanding shares of common stock; 

any promoters and control persons; and 

any member of the immediate family (including spouse, parents, children, siblings and in laws) of any of the foregoing persons. 

Procedures for Approval of Transactions with Related Persons 
 
 The Company does not have a written policy relating to the approval of transactions with related persons, and any such transactions are pre-approved by our Board of Directors in accordance with applicable law. Following the Board of Director s review of the potential transaction, it will determine whether these transactions are in, or not inconsistent with, the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, taking into consideration whether they are on terms no less favorable to the Company than those available with other parties and the related person s interest in the transaction. 
 
 Parents 
 
 Not Applicable. 

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The following table sets forth the aggregate fees by categories specified below in connection with certain professional services rendered by, Centurion ZD CPA Co., our independent registered public accounting firms, for the periods indicated. We did not pay any other fees to our independent registered public accounting firm during the periods indicated below. 

Fee Category 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 

124,000 

116,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 

- 

- 
 
 Tax Fees 

- 

- 

Total Fees 

124,000 

116,000 

(1) Audit fees represent fees for professional services provided in connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements and review of our quarterly consolidated financial statements included in our Form 10-Q. 
 
 (2) Audit related fees. None. 
 
 (3) Tax fees. Tax return preparation. 
 
 (4) All other fees. None. 
 
 (5) Pre-Approval Policies 
 42 
 
 It is the policy of the Board of Directors of the Company to approve the engagement to render audit or non-audit services before the accountant is engaged by the Company. 

PART IV 

Item 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 

3.1 
 
 Amended Articles of Incorporation dated January 25, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Annual Report Form 10-KSB filed on April 19, 2007) 

3.2 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on June 2, 2004). 

3.2(i) 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2(i) to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 4, 2011). 

3.3 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on June 2, 2004). 

10.1 
 
 Form of Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of May 23, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 23, 2006). 

10.2 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of May 10, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 10, 2021). 

14.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-KSB filed on April 19, 2007). 

21 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 15, 2022). 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)(a) Certification of CEO and CFO 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certifications of CEO and CFO 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

43 
 
 SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SCIENTIFIC ENERGY, INC. 

April 5, 2023 
 
 By:/s/ Stanley Chan 

Stanley Chan 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

April 5, 2023 
 
 By: /s/ Stanley Chan 

Stanley Chan 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 

44 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 se_ex31z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT

CERTIFICATION Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a)/15d 14(a) 
 of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 
 
 I, Stanley Chan, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Scientific Energy, Inc.; 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Stanley Chan 

Stanley Chan 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: April 5, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 se_ex32z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350

CERTIFICATION Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Scientific Energy, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Stanley Chan, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Stanley Chan 

Stanley Chan 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: April 5, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.CAL>
 4
 scgy-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 5
 scgy-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 6
 scgy-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 scgy-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 scgy-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

