<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230418_10-K_edgar_data_1814287_0001564590-23-005819.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7661162</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>455679</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1087956</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2544340</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1357877</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2097305</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-23-005819.hdr.sgml : 20230418
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417191906
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-23-005819
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230418
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			East Resources Acquisition Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001814287
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		IRS NUMBER:				851210472
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39403
		FILM NUMBER:		23825143

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7777 NW BEACON SQUARE BLVD
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-826-3620

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7777 NW BEACON SQUARE BLVD
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33487

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-23-005819.txt : 20230418

10-K
 1
 eresu-10k_20221231.htm
 10-K

eresu-10k_20221231.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading 
 Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022 the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the closing prices of the registrants Class A common stock was 9.98. The aggregate market value of units outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price for the units on June 30, 2022, as reported on the NASDAQ was . 

As of April 17, 2023, there were shares of the Company s Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

Auditor Firm Id: 

Auditor Name: 

Auditor Location: 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 4 

Item 1. 
 
 Business. 
 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors. 
 
 20 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 51 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties. 
 
 51 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 
 51 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 51 

PART II 
 
 52 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 52 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 53 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 58 

Item 8. 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 58 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 58 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 
 58 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information. 
 
 59 

PART III 
 
 60 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 60 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation. 
 
 69 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 69 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 70 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 
 73 

PART IV 
 
 75 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 75 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 75 

i 

CERTAIN TERMS 
 Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, references to: 

we, us, Company or our Company are to East Resources Acquisition Company, a Delaware corporation 

Board refers to our board of directors 

common stock are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock, collectively 

equity-linked securities are to any securities of our Company which are convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, common stock of our Company 

founder shares are to shares of our Class B common stock initially purchased by our Sponsor in private placements prior to our initial public offering, and the shares of our Class A common stock issued upon the conversion thereof as provided herein 

initial stockholders are to our Sponsor and any other holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering 

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our Sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering 

public shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in the initial public offering or thereafter in the open market) 

public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and members of our management team, Board to the extent any of them purchases public shares, provided that each such initial stockholder s and individual s status as a public stockholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares 

public warrants are to our warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market) and to any private placement warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans that are sold to third parties that are not initial purchasers or officers or directors (or permitted transferees) following the consummation of our initial business combination 

specified future issuance are to an issuance of a class of equity or equity-linked securities to specified purchasers that we may determine to make in connection with financing our initial business combination 

Sponsor are to East Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and 

warrants are to our warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants. 

1 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements in this report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include, but are not limited to, statements about: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses 

our ability to complete our initial business combination 

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic COVID-19 and economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, including as a result of the military conflict in Ukraine 

our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination 

our pool of prospective target businesses 

failure to maintain the listing on, or the delisting of our securities from, the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (the NASDAQ or an inability to have our securities listed on NASDAQ or another national securities exchange following our initial business combination 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading 

the lack of a market for our securities 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account (the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties or 

our financial performance following our initial public offering. 

 The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described in the section of this report entitled Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our 
 2 

assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described under Risk Factors may not be exhaustive. 
 By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this report. In addition, even if our results or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 
 3 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business. 

 Overview 
 We are an early stage blank check company incorporated on May 22, 2020 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this report as our initial business combination. We intend to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify, acquire and operate a business in the energy industry in North America, though we reserve the right to pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business or industry. 
 Significant Activities Since Inception 
 On July 27, 2020, the Company consummated its initial public offering initial public offering of 30,000,000 units (the initial units ). On August 25, 2020, we consummated the full exercise of the underwriters 4,500,000 unit over-allotment option (the over-allotment units collectively with the initial units, the units ). Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share Class A common stock ), and one-half of one warrant public warrant ), each whole warrant entitling the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. The units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 300,000,000. Simultaneously with the consummation of the initial public offering and the sale of the units, the Company consummated the private placement private placement of an aggregate of 8,000,000 warrants private placement warrants to our Sponsor at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant, generating total proceeds of 8,000,000. Simultaneously with the consummation of the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, the Company consummated a sale of an additional 900,000 private placement warrants to our Sponsor generating additional proceeds of 900,000. 
 A total of 345,000,000 of the net proceeds from our initial public offering (including the over-allotment) and the private placement with the Sponsor were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders. 
 Our units began trading on July 24, 2020 on NASDAQ under the symbol ERESU. On September 14, 2020, the securities comprising the units began separate trading. The common stock and warrants trade on NASDAQ under the symbols ERES and ERESW, respectively. 
 On July 25, 2022, we convened a special meeting of stockholders at which a proposal to extend the date by which we have to complete an initial business combination from July 27, 2022 to January 27, 2023 (the First Extension Amendment Proposal was approved. In connection with the special meeting, our stockholders were provided an opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A common stock, and stockholders holding 24,781,028 shares of Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account. Consequently, approximately 248,087,256 (approximately 10.01 per share) was removed from the trust account to pay such redeeming holders. Additionally, in connection with the approval of the First Extension Amendment Proposal, we issued a promissory note (the First Extension Note in the principal amount of up to 1,924,356 to our Sponsor, pursuant to which our Sponsor agreed to loan us up to 1,924,356. The First Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of the our initial business combination or (b) the date of our liquidation. In order to further extend the period we have to complete our initial business combination beyond the 27th of a given month until January 27, 2023, our Sponsor deposited an additional 320,726 into the trust account commencing on July 27, 2022 and on the 27th of each subsequent month until December 27, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, 1,924,356 had been deposited into trust account by our Sponsor. 
 On August 30, 2022, the Company, LMA Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company LMA Merger Sub ), Abacus Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Abacus Merger Sub ), Longevity Market Assets, LLC, a Florida limited liability company LMA and Abacus Settlements, LLC, a Florida limited liability company Abacus entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, as amended on October 14, 2022 (as it may be 
 4 

further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms, the Merger Agreement ), pursuant to which, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions precedent in the Merger Agreement, (i) LMA Merger Sub will merge with and into LMA, with LMA surviving such merger as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the LMA Merger and (ii) Abacus Merger Sub will merge with and into Abacus, with Abacus surviving such merger as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Abacus Merger and, together with the LMA Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Business Combination ). The Business Combination is expected to be consummated in the first half of 2023, subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions. Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the aggregate merger consideration with respect to the holders of issued and outstanding limited liability company interests in LMA and Abacus will consist of approximately 531.8 million, payable in a number of newly issued shares of Class A common stock at a deemed value of 10.00 per share, with a portion of the aggregate merger consideration payable in cash upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. For additional information regarding the Merger Agreement, see the Company's Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2022 and October 14, 2022, and the Company s preliminary proxy statement (as amended, the Proxy Statement ), initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on October 14, 2022. 
 On January 20, 2023, we convened a special meeting of stockholders at which a proposal to extend the date by which we have to complete a business combination from January 27, 2023 to July 27, 2023 (the Second Extension Amendment Proposal was approved. In connection with the special meeting, our stockholders were provided an opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A common stock, and stockholders holding 6,862,925 shares of Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account. Consequently, approximately 70,070,464 (approximately 10.21 per share) was removed from the trust account to pay such redeeming holders. Additionally, in connection with the approval of the Second Extension Amendment Proposal, we issued a promissory note (the Second Extension Note and, together with the First Extension Note, the Extension Notes in the principal amount of up to 565,497 to our Sponsor, pursuant to which our Sponsor agreed to loan us up to 565,497. The Second Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of the our initial business combination or (b) the date of our liquidation. In order to further extend the period we have to complete our initial business combination beyond the 27th of a given month until July 27, 2023, our Sponsor will deposit an additional 94,250 into the trust account commencing on January 27, 2023 and on the 27th of each subsequent month until July 27, 2023. As of April 17, 2023, 282,750 had been deposited into trust account by our Sponsor. 
 Business Strategy 
 Our acquisition and value creation strategy is to source, acquire and, after our initial business combination, grow a company in the energy industry in North America that complements the experience of our management team and Board and can benefit from their respective operational and financial expertise and experience through multiple industry cycles. We believe the deep industry and investing experience of our directors, the extensive experience of our Chief Executive Officer, Terrence M. Pegula, and the rest of our management team that has operated through numerous market cycles and our operating platform s deep geological knowledge, uniquely positions us to identify, source, negotiate and execute a business combination with attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders. We believe that there is a unique and timely opportunity to achieve attractive returns by acquiring and exploiting oil and natural gas E&P assets in proven basins with extensive production history and limited geologic risk, though we reserve the right to pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business or industry. 
 Our acquisition strategy will leverage Mr. Pegula s extensive experience and relationships built over more than 40 years of forming and operating oil and gas companies, and the financial and operational expertise of the rest of our team, to identify potential proprietary and public transaction opportunities that we believe could benefit from our knowledge and experience and that offer the potential for an attractive risk-adjusted return profile under our operatorship. Mr. Pegula and other members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships over their careers that we believe will serve as a useful source of acquisition opportunities. Our ability to evaluate public/private and brokered/non-brokered deals provides us exposure to an extraordinarily broad set of potential acquisition opportunities in the energy sector that is not broadly available to our potential competitors. In addition to industry and lending community relationships, we plan to leverage relationships with management teams of public and private companies, family offices, private equity firms, value chain partners, investment bankers, restructuring advisers, attorneys and accountants, which we believe should 
 5 

provide us with numerous business combination opportunities. In connection with our search for a suitable business combination target, members of our management team and Board communicate with their networks of relationships to articulate the parameters for our search for a target business and a potential business combination and begin the process of pursuing and reviewing potentially interesting leads. 
 Our business strategy is focused on identifying and acquiring long-lived assets with relatively stable decline profiles and low fixed costs supported by existing production and cash flow, but that we believe are underperforming their potential. Even fundamentally sound companies can underperform their full-potential due to numerous factors, including underinvestment, a temporary period of dislocation in the markets in which they operate, over-levered capital structures, excessive cost structures, incomplete management teams and/or inappropriate business strategies. Our management team has extensive experience in identifying and executing such full-potential acquisitions in the energy industry. We plan to capitalize on the broad range of our team s skill sets, backgrounds, experiences, and other intellectual capital to identify and realize unexploited value. Our management team and Board have successfully executed on this business strategy across multiple energy market cycles, identifying value that the broader market has not recognized and acquiring assets at attractive valuations. Furthermore, we believe in taking a conservative approach to valuation. 
 When implementing our business strategy, we place significant emphasis on cash-on-cash returns, which we plan to maximize by (i) employing a conservative capital allocation strategy based on full cycle economics and (ii) focusing on implementation of cost reductions and enhancement of existing asset efficiency. By utilizing a disciplined approach to capital allocation, both at the time of acquisition and the subsequent optimization of the target, members of our management team and Board have repeatedly generated meaningful returns for their equity holders. Our objective is to form a sustainable business with multiple competitive advantages and the potential to generate meaningful cash flow in excess of its capital. We would expect to grow the business over time, both organically and through acquisitions, with a focus on achieving attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders, while maintaining conservative balance sheet metrics. 
 Acquisition Criteria 
 Consistent with our acquisition strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities. While we intend to acquire companies or assets that we believe exhibit one or more of the following characteristics, we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this report, would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that we would file with the SEC. 
 Our Management Team 
 Members of our management team and Board are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters, but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any members of our management team or our Board will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. 
 We believe the operational and transactional experience and industry relationships of our management team and Board will provide us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets following the completion of our initial public offering. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team and our Board have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships around the world. This network has grown through the activities of our management team and our Board sourcing, acquiring and financing businesses, and building relationships with sellers, financing sources and management teams. The members of our management team and our Board also have a proven track record of executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions, which we believe will make us an attractive partner to potential target businesses. 
 6 

Initial Business Combination 
 Our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. If our Board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. Except as required by applicable law, our stockholders may not be provided with a copy of such opinion, nor will they be able to rely on such opinion. 
 Any party may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such parties a class of equity or equity-linked securities. We refer to this potential future issuance, or a similar issuance to other specified purchasers, as a specified future issuance. The amount and other terms and conditions of any such specified future issuance would be determined at the time thereof. We are not obligated to make any specified future issuance and may determine not to do so. This is not an offer for any specified future issuance. Pursuant to the anti dilution provisions of our Class B common stock, any such specified future issuance would result in an adjustment to the conversion ratio such that our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees, if any, would retain their aggregate percentage ownership at 20 of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding plus all shares issued in the specified future issuance, unless the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Class B common stock agreed to waive such adjustment with respect to the specified future issuance at the time thereof. We cannot determine at this time whether a majority of the holders of our Class B common stock at the time of any such specified future issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio. If such adjustment is not waived, the specified future issuance would not reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class B common stock, but would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class A common stock. If such adjustment is waived, the specified future issuance would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of both classes of our common stock. 
 Our Acquisition Process 
 In evaluating a prospective initial business combination, we expect to conduct a thorough diligence review that will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of assets and facilities and financial analyses, as well as a review of other information that will be made available to us. 
 Certain of our officers and directors are employed by or affiliated with various investment funds. Such funds and individuals are continuously made aware of potential investment opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue for a business combination. 
 We may, at our option, pursue an opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance to any such entity. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 
 Our Board has consented to the participation of our officers and directors in the formation of, or becoming an officer or director of, any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act prior to our entering into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination. 
 7 

Status as a Public Company 
 We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock or for a combination of shares of our stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. 
 Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 
 In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to irrevocably opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we will adopt the new or revised standard at the time public companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another emerging growth company that has not opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. As a result, following the consummation of the Business Combination, the post-Business Combination company will comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. 
 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion (as adjusted for inflation pursuant to SEC rules from time to time), or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 
 Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not exceed 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not exceed 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not exceed 700 million as of the prior June 30. 
 8 

Effecting our Initial Business Combination 
 We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations until we consummate our initial business combination. We intend to complete our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 
 If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other assets, companies or for working capital. 
 We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination (which may include a specified future issuance), and we may complete our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately, including pursuant to any specified future issuance, or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. 
 The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 
 Sources of Target Businesses 
 We expect to receive a number of proprietary transaction opportunities to originate as a result of the business relationships, direct outreach, and deal sourcing activities of our officers and directors. In addition to the proprietary deal flow, we anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms, private equity groups, large business enterprises, and other market participants. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. Some of our officers or directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate. In no event will our Sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, in connection with the successful completion of our initial business combination, we may determine to provide a payment to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or our or their affiliates, which payment would not be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in the trust account. We currently do not have any agreement or arrangement with our Sponsor, any of our officers, directors, advisors or our or their affiliates to make any such payments. 
 9 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our Sponsor , officers or directors or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our Sponsor , officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our Sponsor , officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance to any such entity. 
 Lack of Business Diversification 
 For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

 Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 
 Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team or of our Board, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our business combination, it is presently unknown if any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. The determination as to whether any members of our Board will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 
 Following a business combination, to the extent that we deem it necessary, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management team of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 
 Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business Combination 
 We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 
 10 

Type of Transaction 

Whether 
 Stockholder 
 Approval 
 is Required 

Purchase of assets 

No 

Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the Company 

No 

Merger of target into a subsidiary of the Company 

No 

Merger of the Company with a target 

Yes 

Under NASDAQ s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding 

any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by NASDAQ rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more or 

the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

 Permitted Purchases of Our Securities 
 In the event we seek stockholder approval of our business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of NASDAQ. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. 
 The purpose of any such purchases would be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 
 11 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our common stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 
 Our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against the business combination. Our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 
 Any purchases by our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 
 Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination 
 We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, as well as expenses relating to the administration of the trust account, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is approximately 10.18 per public share as of the date of this report. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by any deferred underwriting commissions. There are currently no outstanding deferred underwriting commissions as Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, the sole book running manager for our initial public offering, has agreed to waive its entitlement to any deferred underwriting fees. Our Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our business combination. 
 Manner of Conducting Redemptions 
 We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our Company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure a business combination transaction with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed business combination. We intend to conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we maintain a listing for our securities on NASDAQ, we will be required to comply with such rules. 
 12 

If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation , as amended : 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

 Upon the public announcement of our business combination, we or our Sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 
 In the event that we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares which are not purchased by our Sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 
 If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

 In the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 
 If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the Company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our Sponsor will count toward this quorum and has agreed to vote its founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As our Sponsor, officers and directors currently hold more than the majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock and our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their shares in favor of a proposed business combination and not redeem any of their shares in connection with such stockholder vote, their vote is sufficient to have our initial business combination approved. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreement of our Sponsor, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 
 13 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation , as amended provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 
 Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares sold in the initial public offering (the Excess Shares ). We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares sold in the initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 20 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not restrict our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. 
 Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights 
 We may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or until two days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 
 There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 
 14 

The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 
 Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the stockholder meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our business combination. 
 If our proposed Business Combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 
 If our proposed Business Combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until July 27, 2023. 
 Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, provides that we will have only until July 27, 2023 to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our business combination within such prescribed time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes as well as expenses relating to the administration of the trust account (less up to 100,000 of interest released to us to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our business combination within the prescribed time period. 
 Our Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination by July 27, 2023. However, if our Sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares in or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 
 Our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us (filed as an exhibit to this report), that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not 
 15 

complete our initial business combination by July 27, 2022, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes as well as expenses relating to the administration of the trust account divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above) we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares. 
 We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay franchise and income taxes as well as expenses relating to the administration of the trust account on interest income earned on the trust account balance, we may request the trustee to release to us an amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 
 If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.00. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 
 Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest and claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. 
 In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes as well as expenses relating to the administration of the trust account, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all 
 16 

rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims We have not independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our C ompany. We have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 
 In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes as well as expenses relating to the administration of the trust account, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. 
 We will seek to reduce the possibility that our Sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our Sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We may have access to amounts held outside of the trust account to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000) but these amounts may be spent on expenses incurred as a result of being a public company or due diligence expenses on prospective business combination candidates. In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 
 Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our business combination by July 27, 2023 may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 
 Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our business combination by July 27, 2023, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years 
 17 

after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our business combination by July 27, 202 3 , we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes as well as expenses relating to the administration of the trust account (less up to 100,000 of interest released to us to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following July 27, 202 3 and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 
 Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our Sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 
 If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our Board may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our Company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 
 Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our business combination by July 27, 2023, subject to applicable law, (ii) in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (a) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination by July 27, 2023 or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (iii) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of our common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described in this report. In no other circumstances 
 18 

will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. 
 Competition 
 In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 
 Employees 
 We currently have no employees and six officers. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any such person will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. 
 Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 
 We have registered our units, Class A common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at: http://www.sec.gov. Our annual, quarterly and current reports, and any amendments to any of those reports, that we file with the SEC are available free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable through our corporate website address at www.eastresources.com. The contents of these websites are not incorporated into this filing. Further, our references to the uniform resource locators, or URLs, for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with GAAP. We cannot assure you that any particular target business selected by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with GAAP. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 
 We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 
 19 

Item 1A. Ri sk Factors. 
 You should carefully consider all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this report, including the financial statements. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition or operating results may be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risk factors described below are not necessarily exhaustive and you are encouraged to perform your own investigation with respect to us and our business. 
 The risks include the following summary risk factors: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses 

our ability to complete our initial business combination 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination 

our pool of prospective target businesses 

any adverse effects stemming from economic, business or competitive factors 

any volatility in the markets caused by geopolitical and economic factors 

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, including as a result of the military conflict in Ukraine 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading 

our ability to meet NASDAQ s listing standards before and after the initial business combination 

the lack of a market for our securities 

the potential tax implications of redemptions of our Class A common stock 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance 

the trust account potentially being subject to claims of third parties 

any litigation, complaints and/or adverse publicity 

any changes in applicable laws or regulations or 

 20 

our financial performance. 

 The risk factors related to the proposed Business Combination are set forth in the Proxy Statement filed with the SEC, which will be distributed to our stockholders in advance of the special meeting held in connection with the proposed Business Combination. 
 We are an early stage company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 
 We are an early stage company with limited operating results. Because we lack significant operating history, you have little basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We may be unable to complete our business combination. If we fail to complete our business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 
 Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 
 We may not hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons. Except as required by law, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. Please see the section of this report entitled Business Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business Combination for additional information. 
 If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor has agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 
 Unlike many other blank check companies in which the initial stockholders agree to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by the public stockholders in connection with an initial business combination, our Sponsor agreed to vote its founder shares, as well as any public shares purchased 
 during or after offering, in favor of our initial business combination. As our Sponsor, officers and directors currently hold more than the majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock and our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their shares in favor of a proposed business combination and not redeem any of their shares in connection with such stockholder vote, their vote is sufficient to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will have the necessary stockholder approval, whereas that may not have been the case if our Sponsor had agreed to vote its founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public stockholders. 
 Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the business combination. 
 You may not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more target businesses. Since our Board may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 
 21 

The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 
 We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 
 The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 
 At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many public stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming stockholders will reflect our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commissions. 
 The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. 
 If our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market. 
 The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 
 Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination by July 27, 2023. Consequently, such target 
 22 

business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 
 We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provided that we must complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering (July 27, 2022). On July 25, 2022, our stockholders approved an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, pursuant to which the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination was extended from July 27, 2022 to January 27, 2023. On January 20, 2023, our stockholders approved an additional amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, pursuant to which the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination was extended from January 27, 2023 to July 27, 2023. While the proposed Business Combination is expected to be consummated in the first half of 2023, there can be no assurances that the Business Combination will be consummated. We may not be able to find an alternate suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. Our ability to complete our proposed Business Combination or an alternate business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the COVID-19 outbreak continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 and the military conflict in Ukraine may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes as well as expenses relating to the administration of the trust account (less up to 100,000 of interest released to us to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. 
 If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or public warrants from public stockholders or public warrant holders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A common stock. 
 If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. There is no limit on the number of shares our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of NASDAQ. However, other than as expressly stated herein, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for 
 23 

any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. In the event that our Sponsor , directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination, or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent the purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 
 In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A common stock and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 
 If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 
 We will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. For example, we may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. See the sections of this report entitled Business Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination and Business Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights. 
 There is no guarantee that a public stockholder s decision whether to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the trust account will put such stockholder in a better future economic position. 
 No assurance can be given as to the price at which a public stockholder may be able to sell the shares of our Class A common stock in the future following the completion of a business combination. Certain events following the consummation of any business combination, including the proposed Business Combination, may cause an increase in our stock price, and may result in a lower value realized now than the stockholder might realize in the future had the stockholder not elected to redeem such stockholder s public shares. Similarly, if a public stockholder does not redeem his, her or its shares, such stockholder will bear the risk of ownership of our Class A common stock after the consummation of a business combination, and there can be no assurance that a stockholder can sell his, her or its shares of our Class A common stock in the future for a greater amount than the redemption price set forth in this proxy statement. A public stockholder should consult his, her or its own tax and/or financial advisor for assistance on how this may affect its individual situation. 
 24 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 
 Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of our common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described in this report, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (a) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In addition, if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering for any reason, compliance with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in our trust account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering before they receive funds from our trust account. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 
 NASDAQ may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 
 Our units, Class A common stock and warrants are listed on NASDAQ. We cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on NASDAQ in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on NASDAQ prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in stockholders equity and a minimum number of holders of our securities. 
 Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with NASDAQ s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than NASDAQ s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on NASDAQ. For instance, our stock price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 
 If NASDAQ delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities 

reduced liquidity for our securities 

a determination that our Class A common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units, Class A common stock and warrants are listed on NASDAQ, our units, Class A common stock and warrants are covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal 
 25 

statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies , other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on NASDAQ, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 
 Our stockholders will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 
 Since the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we currently have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units are tradable and we have a longer period of time to complete our business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 
 If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 20 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 20 of our Class A common stock. 
 If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not restrict our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our business combination. As a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 20 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 
 Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent COVID-19 outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. 
 In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, which has and is continuing to spread throughout China and other parts of the world, including the United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Alex M. Azar II declared a public health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to COVID-19, and on March 11, 2020 the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a pandemic . A significant outbreak of COVID-19 and other infectious diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be 
 26 

predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time , our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 
 In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other related events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise adequate financing, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. 
 Furthermore, because we are obligated to pay cash for the shares of Class A common stock that our public stockholders redeem in connection with our initial business combination, target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. This may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. 
 If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until July 27, 2023, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 The funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate until July 27, 2023, assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We cannot assure you that, the funds available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate until July 27, 2023. We plan to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. 
 27 

Funds available to us outside of the trust account could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor or management team to fund our search for a business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. 
 As of the date of this report, we have approximately 87,000 held outside the trust account that is available to us. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to withdraw accrued interest from the trust account as described elsewhere in this report (i.e. for our franchise and income taxes as well as expenses relating to the administration of the trust account) and/or borrow funds from our Sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate, or we may be forced to liquidate. As of June 2022, the proceeds from the trust account were liquidated to thereafter be held in cash, as such there is limited accrued interest in the trust account from which we may make withdrawals. None of our Sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. 
 Subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 
 Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues that may be present inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 
 If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 
 Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Marcum LLP, our independent 
 28 

registered public accounting firm, did not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue. 
 Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.00 per share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes as well as expenses relating to administration of the trust account. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. We have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 
 Our independent directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders. 
 In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes as well as expenses relating to administration of the trust account, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. 
 While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. 
 29 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. 
 We have agreed to indemnify our directors and executive officers to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our directors and executive officers have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if: (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our directors and executive officers may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors, directors and executive officers for breach of their fiduciary duties. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and executive officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our directors and executive officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 
 If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our board may be exposed to claims of punitive damages. 
 If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our Board may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 
 If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 
 If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 
 If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination. 
 If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments and 

restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination. 

 In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment company 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure and 

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 

 30 

In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 
 We do not believe that our principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account were initially invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. To mitigate the risk of us being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company (including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act), in June 2022, the investments in U.S. government securities or money market funds held in the trust account were liquidated to thereafter be held in cash until earlier of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the trust account to the Company s stockholders as described below. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our primary business objective, which is an initial business combination (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (a) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (b) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii) absent a business combination, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. 
 Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, investments and results of operations. 
 We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, investments and results of operations. 
 On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions involving special purpose acquisition companies SPACs and private operating companies amending the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies effectively limiting the use of projections in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions increasing the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 31 

These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially adversely affect our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. 
 
 There is uncertainty regarding the federal income tax consequences of the redemption to the holders of our Class A common stock. 
 There is some uncertainty regarding the federal income tax consequences to holders of Class A common stock that exercise their redemption rights. The uncertainty of tax consequences relates primarily to the individual circumstances of the taxpayer and include (i) whether the redemption will be treated as a corporate distribution potentially taxable as a dividend, or a sale, that would potentially give rise to capital gain or capital loss and (ii) whether such capital gain is long-term or short-term. Whether the redemption qualifies for sale treatment, resulting in taxation as capital gain rather than treatment as a corporate distribution, will depend largely on whether the holder owns (or is deemed to own) any shares of Class A common stock following the redemption, and if so, the total number of shares of Class A common stock treated as held by the holder both before and after the redemption relative to all shares of our voting stock outstanding both before and after the redemption. The redemption generally will be treated as a sale, rather than a distribution, if the redemption (i) is substantially disproportionate with respect to the holder, (ii) results in a complete termination of the holder s interest in us or (iii) is not essentially equivalent to a dividend with respect to the holder. Due to the personal and subjective nature of certain of such tests and the absence of clear guidance from the IRS, there is uncertainty as to how a holder who elects to exercise its redemption rights will be taxed in connection with the exercise of redemption rights. 
 A new 1 U.S. federal excise tax may be imposed upon us in connection with the redemptions by us of our Class A Common Stock. 
 On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA ), which, among other things, imposes a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic corporations and certain domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations. This excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its stockholders from which shares are repurchased. Generally, the amount of the excise tax is 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. For the purposes of calculating the excise tax, the repurchasing corporation is permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of the stock repurchases that occur in the same taxable year. The U.S. Treasury Department, the IRS, and other standard-setting bodies are expected to issue guidance on how the excise tax provisions of the IRA will be applied. The IRA excise tax applies to repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. 
 Any repurchase or redemption of our Class A common stock that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with the business combination may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent we would be subject to the excise tax in connection with the business combination would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchase in connection with the business combination, (ii) the structure of the business combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with the business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with the business combination but issued within the same taxable year of the business combination) (while we continue to opportunistically seek to raise a PIPE investment, at this time, we have no committed PIPE investment amount) and (iv) the regulations and other guidance issued by the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS. Since the excise tax would be payable by us and not by the redeeming holder, we have yet to determine the mechanics of any required payment of the excise taxes. 
 Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 
 Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice 
 32 

period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reason ably possible following the 36 month anniversary from the closing of our initial public offering in the event we do not complete our initial business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. 
 Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. 
 We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors. 
 In accordance with NASDAQ corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on NASDAQ. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 
 We have not registered the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. 
 We have not registered the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we will use our reasonable best efforts to file , and within 60 business days following our initial business combination to have declared effective, a registration statement under the Securities Act covering such shares and maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is 
 33 

registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercis ing holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will be required to use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of Class A common stock included in the units. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying shares of Class A common stock for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 
 The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Pursuant to the agreement entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in our initial public offering, our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register their founder shares, after those shares convert to our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, holders of our private placement warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such warrants or the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the common stock owned by our initial stockholders, holders of our private placement warrants, or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. 
 Because we are not limited to a particular industry, sector or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business operations. 
 Although we expect to focus our search for a target business in the energy industry in North America, we may seek to complete a business combination with an operating company in any industry or sector. However, we are not, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, permitted to complete our business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. There is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 
 34 

Because we intend to seek a business combination with a target business in the energy industry in North America, we expect our future operations to be subject to risks associated with this sector. 
 We intend to focus our search for a target business in the energy industry in North America. Risks inherent in investments in the energy industry include, but are not limited to, the following: 

volatility of oil and natural gas prices 

price and availability of alternative fuels, such as solar, coal, nuclear and wind energy 

significant federal, state and local regulation, taxation and regulatory approval processes as well as changes in applicable laws and regulations 

denial or delay of receiving requisite regulatory approvals and/or permits 

the speculative nature of and high degree of risk involved in investments in the upstream, midstream and energy services sectors, including relying on estimates of oil and gas reserves and the impacts of regulatory and tax changes 

exploration and development risks, which could lead to environmental damage, injury and loss of life or the destruction of property 

drilling, exploration and development risks, including encountering unexpected formations or pressures, premature declines of reservoirs, blow-outs, equipment failures and other accidents, cratering, sour gas releases, uncontrollable flows of oil, natural gas or well fluids, adverse weather conditions, pollution, fires, spills and other environmental risks, any of which could lead to environmental damage, injury and loss of life or the destruction of property 

proximity and capacity of oil, natural gas and other transportation and support infrastructure to production facilities 

availability of key inputs, such as strategic consumables and raw materials and drilling and processing equipment 

available pipeline, storage and other transportation capacity 

changes in global supply and demand and prices for commodities 

impact of energy conservation efforts 

technological advances affecting energy production and consumption 

overall domestic and global economic conditions 

availability of, and potential disputes with, independent contractors 

adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or other events (such as equipment malfunctions, explosions, fires or spills) 

value of U.S. dollar relative to the currencies of other countries and 

terrorist acts. 

 35 

Past performance by JKLM Energy, our management team and members of our Board may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 
 Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, JKLM Energy, our management team and members of our Board is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance by JKLM Energy and such individuals is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. Certain of our officers, directors and advisors have had management and deal execution experience with special purpose acquisition corporations in the past. You should not rely on the historical record of performance of JKLM Energy or our management team and members of our Board as indicative of our future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. Additionally, in the course of their respective careers, members of our management team and Board have been involved in businesses and deals that were unsuccessful. 
 We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. 
 We will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our Company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in our initial public offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 
 Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 
 Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon on liquidation. 
 We may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. 
 To the extent we complete our initial business combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a 
 36 

business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 
 We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. 
 Unless we complete our business combination with an affiliated entity or our board cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our Board, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 
 We may issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination, and may issue shares of common stock to redeem the warrants or issue shares of common stock or preferred stock under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. As of the date of this report, there are 165,500,000 and 11,375,000 authorized but unissued shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, respectively, available for issuance, which amount does not take into account the shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of any outstanding warrants, or the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of Class B common stock. There are no shares of preferred stock issued and currently outstanding. Shares of Class B common stock are convertible into shares of our Class A common stock initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein, including in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A common stock or equity-linked securities related to our initial business combination. 
 We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination (including pursuant to a specified future issuance). After the completion of our initial business combination, we may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common stock to redeem the warrants as described herein or shares of common or preferred stock under an employee incentive plan. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering 

may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock 

could cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors and 

 37 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or warrants. 

 Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. The cost incurred up to the point that we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. 
 We are dependent upon our officers and directors, and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 
 Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. 
 We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 
 Our ability to successfully complete our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of members of our management team, some of whom may not join us following our initial business combination. The loss of such people could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 
 Our ability to successfully complete our business combination is dependent upon the efforts of members of our management team. The role of members of our management team in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some members of our management team may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 
 In addition, the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 
 38 

Members of our management team may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 
 Members of our management team may be able to remain with the Company after the completion of our business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations could take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any members of our management team will remain with us after the completion of our business combination. We cannot assure you that any members of our management team will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any members of our management team will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 
 We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may complete our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 
 When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 
 The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 
 Our officers and directors may allocate their time to other businesses, thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 
 Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. Each of our officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. In addition, certain of our officers and directors are affiliated with JKLM Energy, which is an operating company that makes investments and operates in the industry we expect to target for our initial business combination. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs, which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 
 39 

Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 
 Following the completion of our initial public offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our Sponsor and officers and directors are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities (such as operating companies or investment vehicles) that are engaged in a similar business. 
 Our officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities in the future to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 
 Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 
 We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact (subject to certain approvals and consents) we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or officers, although we do not intend to do so. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 
 In particular, JKLM Energy is an operating company focused on investments in the energy industry. As a result, there may be substantial overlap between companies that would be a suitable business combination for us and companies that would make an attractive target for JKLM Energy. 
 Competing interests of our Sponsor, directors and officers are fully discussed in our Proxy Statement filed with the SEC. 
 We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 
 In light of the involvement of our Sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, regarding the fairness to our Company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 
 Since our Sponsor will lose its entire investment in us if our business combination is not completed and our officers and directors may have differing personal and financial interests than you, a conflict of interest may 
 40 

arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 
 As of the date of this report, our Sponsor owns an aggregate of 8,625,000 shares of Class B common stock, which it acquired for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. Such founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our Sponsor has committed to purchase 8,900,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable for one share of our Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, for a purchase price of 8,900,000 or 1.00 per whole warrant, which will also be worthless if we do not complete a business combination. Our Sponsor has agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by it in favor of any proposed business combination and (B) not to redeem any founder shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. In addition, we may obtain loans from our Sponsor, affiliates of our Sponsor or an officer or director. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. 
 
 Competing interests of our Sponsor, directors and officers are fully discussed in our Proxy Statement filed with the SEC. 
 Since our Sponsor paid only approximately 0.003 per share for the founder shares, our officers and directors could potentially make a substantial profit even if we acquire a target business that subsequently declines in value. 
 In June 2020, our Sponsor acquired 8,625,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share. Our officers and directors have a significant economic interest in our Sponsor. As a result, the low acquisition cost of the founder shares creates an economic incentive whereby our officers and directors could potentially make a substantial profit even if we acquire a target business that subsequently declines in value and is unprofitable for public investors. 
 We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 
 Although we have no commitments as of the date of this report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding 

our inability to pay dividends on our common stock 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes 

 41 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy and 

other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

 We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and, the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 
 As of the date of this report, approximately 99 million is available in our trust account for completing our business combination and paying related fees and expenses . 
 We may complete our business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to complete our business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

 This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our business combination. 
 We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 
 If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 
 42 

We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 
 In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to complete our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 
 Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 
 We may structure a business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the post-business combination company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 
 We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination (such that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 
 In order to complete our initial business combination, we may seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or other governing instruments, including our warrant agreement, in a manner that 
 43 

will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination but that our stockholders or warrant holders may not support. 
 In order to complete a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreement. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, changed industry focus and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or other governing instruments or change our industry focus in order to complete our initial business combination. 
 The provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support. 
 Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter that prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-business combination activity, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s stockholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s public stockholders. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, (excluding the election of directors prior to the initial business combination) our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. We may not issue additional securities that can vote on amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or in our initial business combination. Our initial stockholders, who collectively beneficially own approximately 75 of our common stock, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 
 Our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of amounts released to us to pay taxes and expenses related to the administration of the trust), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, this letter agreement and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our Sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of the letter agreement. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 
 We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 
 Although we believe that the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not 
 44 

yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to repurchase for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes as well as expenses relating to the administration of the trust account) on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. 
 Our initial stockholders may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 
 Our initial stockholders own shares representing approximately 75 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial stockholders purchase any additional shares of common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would further increase their control. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, our Board, whose members were elected by our initial stockholders, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered Board, only a minority of the Board will be considered for election and our initial stockholders or appointed by the other members of the Board, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our business combination. 
 We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 
 Our warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 
 45 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 
 We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants for cash at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. In addition, we may redeem your warrants after they become exercisable for a number of shares of Class A common stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A common stock. Any such redemption may have similar consequences to a cash redemption described above. In addition, such redemption may occur at a time when the warrants are out-of-the-money, in which case you would lose any potential embedded value from a subsequent increase in the value of the Class A common stock had your warrants remained outstanding. 
 Our warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to complete our business combination. 
 We have issued warrants to purchase 17,250,000 shares of our Class A common stock as part of the units offered in our initial public offering and the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option. Additionally, we issued in a private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of 8,900,000 shares of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. In addition, our Sponsor may convert up to 2,000,000 of the aggregate outstanding sum under the Extension Notes into that number of warrants equal to the principal amount converted divided by 1.50, with each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock. Our Sponsor currently owns 8,625,000 founder shares. The founder shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 
 
 To the extent we issue shares of Class A common stock to complete a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants and conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and reduce the value of the shares of Class A common stock issued to complete the business combination. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may make it more difficult to complete a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 
 The private placement warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering except that, so long as they are held by our Sponsor or their permitted transferees, (i) they will not be redeemable by us for cash, (ii) they (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our Sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination and (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis. 
 A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 
 Unlike most blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share of common stock and (ii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 and 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices will be adjusted (to the nearest 
 46 

cent) to be equal to 100 and 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price , respectively. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 
 A market for our securities and a market for our securities may not fully develop or be sustained, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 
 The price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions. Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be fully developed and sustained. 
 Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. 
 The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include target historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board IFRS ), depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 
 We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 
 We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 
 Further, Section 107 of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected to irrevocably opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we will adopt the new or revised standard at the time public companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another emerging growth company that has not opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or 
 47 

impossible because of the potential differences in account ing standards used. As a result, following the consummation of the proposed Business Combination, the post-Business Combination company will comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. 
 Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not exceed 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not exceed 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not exceed 700 million as of the prior June 30. 
 Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal control over financial reporting beginning with our report for the year ending December 31, 2021. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A common stock and could entrench management. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered Board and the ability of the Board to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 
 We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, including Section 203 of the DGCL, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. Any provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, our amended and restated bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware Court of Chancery will, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty 
 48 

owed by any of our directors, officers, employees or stockholders to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers, or employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each such case except for such claims as to which (a) the Court of Chancery determines that it does not have personal jurisdiction over an indispensable party, (b) exclusive jurisdiction is vested in a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery , or (c) the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of our common stock will be deemed to have notice of, and consented to, the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation described in the preceding sentence. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and such persons. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our certificate of incorporation inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder and Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act, the Securities Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 
 We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 
 If we complete our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 
 If we complete our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

higher costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected 

tariffs and trade barriers 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters 

 49 

longer payment cycles and challenges in collecting accounts receivable 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls 

rates of inflation 

cultural and language differences 

employment regulations 

crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars 

deterioration of political relations with the United States and 

government appropriations of assets. 

 We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in fair value of each could have a material effect on our financial results. 
 The Public Statement from the SEC regarding the accounting and reporting considerations for warrants issued by SPACs, focused on warrants that have certain settlement terms and provisions related to certain tender offers, or warrants which do not meet the criteria to be considered indexed to an entity s own stock (the Public Statement ). The terms described in the Public Statement are common in SPACs and are similar to the terms contained in the warrant agreement governing our warrants. In response to the Public Statement, we re-evaluated the accounting treatment of our warrants, and determined that they should be classified as derivative liabilities measured at fair value, with changes in fair value reflected on the statement of operations for each respective period. As a result, derivative liabilities related to our outstanding warrants are included on our balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging , provides for the remeasurement of the fair value of such derivatives at each balance sheet date, with a resulting non-cash gain or loss related to the change in fair value to be reflected on the statement of operations. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on our outstanding warrants and in each reporting period, and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. 
 We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us, and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Following the issuance of the Public Statement, and after consultation with our independent registered public accounting firm, our management and our audit committee concluded that, in light of the Public Statement, it was appropriate to restate our previously issued audited financial statements as of December 31, 2020, and for the period from May 22, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020. As part of such process, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. 
 As described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, subsequently we identified 1) an error with respect to improper accounting for accruals and 2) an error in our accounting related to the Company s application of ASC 480-10-S99-3A to the classification of the Public Shares and presentation of earnings per share. For a discussion of management s consideration of the material weakness identified related to the Company s improper accounting for accruals and application of ASC 480-10-S99-3A to its accounting classification of the Public Share, see Part II, Item 9A: Controls and Procedures included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As a result, our management has concluded that the controls surrounding the errors should be aggregated with the previously 
 50 

determined error as a control deficiency around the interpretation and accounting for accruals and certain complex financial instruments. 
 Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We continue to evaluate steps to remediate the material weakness. These remediation measures may be time consuming and costly and there is no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 
 If we identify any new material weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports, in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. 

Item 1 B . 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 

 Not applicable. 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties. 

 We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. Our executive office is located at 7777 NW Beacon Square Boulevard, Boca Raton, Florida, 33487. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings. 

 None. 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 

 Not Applicable. 
 51 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

 Market Information 
 Our units trade on NASDAQ under the symbol ERESU. The common stock and warrants trade on NASDAQ under the symbols ERES and ERESW, respectively. 
 Holders 
 On April 17, 2023, there was one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A common stock, two holders of record of our Class B common stock and three holders of record of our warrants. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 
 None. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings. 
 On July 27, 2020, we sold 8,000,000 private placement warrants to the Sponsor at 1.00 per warrant, generating gross proceeds of 8.0 million. On August 25, 2020, we completed an additional private sale, in connection with the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option under the initial public offering, of 900,000 private placement warrants to the Sponsor at 1.00 per warrant, generating gross proceeds of 900,000. Each private placement warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. 
 On July 27, 2020, we consummated our initial public offering of 30,000,000 units at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 300 million. On August 25, 2020, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option to purchase 4,500,000 additional units to cover over-allotments at 10.00 per unit, which generated additional gross proceeds of 45.0 million. Wells Fargo Securities, LLC served as the sole book-running manager for the offering. The securities sold in the initial public offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-239677) that became effective on July 23, 2020. 
 We paid a total of 6,900,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions and 865,171 for other costs and expenses related to the initial public offering. The underwriters agreed to defer an additional 12,075,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions, payable upon consummation of our initial business combination. Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as the sole book running manager for our initial public offering, has agreed to waive the deferred underwriting fees. After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion of 12,075,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions, which will be released from the trust account upon consummation of initial business combination, if consummated) and incurred offering costs, the total net proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants was 346,000,000, of which 345,000,000 (or 10.00 per unit sold in the initial public offering) was placed in the trust account. We reimbursed our Sponsor and certain officers and directors to cover expenses related to the initial public offering. Other than as described above, no payments were made by us to directors, officers or persons owning ten percent or more of our common stock or to their associates, or to our affiliates. 
 52 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

 The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Overview 
 We are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on May 22, 2020 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 
 On August 30, 2022, the Company, LMA Merger Sub, Abacus Merger Sub, LMA and Abacus entered into the Merger Agreement, pursuant to which, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions precedent in the Merger Agreement, (i) LMA Merger Sub will merge with and into LMA, with LMA surviving such merger as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and (ii) Abacus Merger Sub will merge with and into Abacus, with Abacus surviving such merger as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The proposed Business Combination is expected to be consummated in the first half of 2023, subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions. Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the aggregate merger consideration with respect to the holders of issued and outstanding limited liability company interests in LMA and Abacus will consist of approximately 531.8 million, payable in a number of newly issued shares of Class A common stock at a deemed value of 10.00 per share, with a portion of the aggregate merger consideration payable in cash upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. 
 For additional information regarding the Merger Agreement, see the Company's Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2022 and October 14, 2022, and the Company s Proxy Statement as filed with the SEC. 
 Results of Operations 
 We have neither engaged in any operations (other than searching for an initial business combination after our initial public offering) nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from May 22, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the initial public offering, described below, and, subsequent to the initial public offering, identifying a target company for an initial business combination and completing such business combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of change in fair value of warrant liability, change in fair value of forward purchase agreements (prior to the termination of the forward purchase agreement on December 2, 2022), interest income from banks, and, until June 2022 when all investments in the trust account were liquidated to thereafter be held in cash as further explained in Note 1 to the financial statements, we also generated interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 643,564, which consists of operating costs of 11,722,287 , offset by a change in fair value of warrant liability of 9,335,550, a change in fair value of the forward purchase agreement liability of 600,000, and interest earned from bank of 10,031 and interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of 672,439, and income tax expense of 52,485. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had a net income of 15,839,365, which consists of operating costs of 1,382,681, offset by a change in fair value of warrant liability of 15,899,200, a change in fair value of the forward purchase agreement liability of 1,300,000, interest earned from bank of 62 and interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of 22,784. 
 53 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 On July 27, 2020, we consummated the initial public offering of 30,000,000 Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 300,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we consummated the sale of 8,000,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant in a private placement to our stockholders, generating gross proceeds of 8,000,000. 
 On August 25, 2020, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full, resulting in an additional 4,500,000 Units issued for total gross proceeds of 45,000,000. In connection with the underwriters exercise of their over-allotment option, we also consummated the sale of an additional 900,000 private placement warrants at 1.00 per private placement warrant, generating total proceeds of 900,000. A total of 45,000,000 was deposited into the trust account, bringing the aggregate proceeds held in the trust account to 345,000,000. 
 Following the initial public offering, the full exercise of the over-allotment option and the sale of the private placement warrants, a total of 345,000,000 was placed in the trust account and we had 912,561 of cash held outside of the trust account, after payment of costs related to the initial public offering, and available for working capital purposes. We incurred 19,840,171 in transaction costs, including 6,900,000 in cash underwriting fees, 12,075,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 865,171 of other offering costs. 
 For the period ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 2,602,281. Net loss of 643,564 was affected by non-cash charges for the change in fair value of warrant liability of 9,335,550, change in fair value of forward purchase agreement liability of 600,000, interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of 672,439, gain on deferred underwriting fee waiver of 513,188 and changes in operating assets and liabilities, which used 9,162,460 of cash in operating activities. 
 For the period ended December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 1,236,555. Net income of 15,839,365 was affected by non-cash charges for the change in fair value of warrant liability of 15,899,200, change in fair value of forward purchase agreement liability of 1,300,000, interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of 22,784 and changes in operating assets and liabilities, which used 90,353 of cash in operating activities. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had cash and marketable securities held in the trust account of 99,222,704 and 345,048,888, respectively. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay franchise and income taxes. During the period ended December 31, 2022 we withdrew 335,723 of interest earned on the trust account. During the period ended December 31, 2021, we did not withdraw any interest earned on the trust account. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had cash of 86,572 and 853,130 outside of the trust account, respectively. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 
 In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an initial business combination, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor, or our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been 
 54 

determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The loans would be repaid upon consummation of a business combination , without interest. 
 In August 2021, the Sponsor committed to provide us an aggregate of 1,500,000 in loans for working capital purpose. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was a balance of 1,500,000 under this loan. Subsequent to the reporting period, on January 31, 2023, the Sponsor agreed to loan us up to an additional 1,500,000 under this loan. 
 We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 
 As a result of the above, in connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the liquidity conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through approximately one year from the date of filing. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 
 Contractual obligations 
 We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay two affiliates of the Sponsor a monthly fee of 10,000 each for office space and administrative support to the Company. We began incurring these fees on July 24, 2020 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the initial business combination and the Company s liquidation. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and paid an aggregate of 240,000 and 240,000 in connection with these agreements, respectively. 
 The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per Unit, or 12,075,000 in the aggregate. Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as the sole book running manager for our initial public offering, has agreed to waive its entitlement to any deferred underwriting fees. 
 On July 2, 2020, we entered into a forward purchase agreement pursuant to which East Asset Management, LLC East Asset Management ), an affiliate of the Sponsor, agreed to purchase an aggregate of up to 5,000,000 forward purchase units, consisting of one forward purchase shares and one-half of one forward purchase warrants, for 10.00 per unit, or an aggregate maximum amount of 50,000,000, in a private placement that would close simultaneously with the closing of an initial business combination. On and effective as of December 2, 2022, we and East Asset Management entered into an agreement to terminate the forward purchase agreement, pursuant to which 
 55 

the parties agreed that no payments or deliveries are due by either party in respect of the forward purchase agreement and the forward purchase agreement is in no further force and effect. 
 
 In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. As of April 17, 2023, our Sponsor has loaned to us an aggregate of 1,500,000 for working capital purposes. The working capital loan does not bear interest and is repayable in full upon consummation of a business combination. If we do not complete a business combination, the working capital loan need not be repaid and all amounts owed under it will be forgiven. The working capital loan is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of which automatically trigger the unpaid principal balance of the working capital loan and all other sums payable with regard to the working capital loan becoming immediately due and payable. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 
 On July 25, 2022, in connection with the First Extension Amendment Proposal, we entered into the First Extension Note with our Sponsor, and on January 23, 2023, in connection with the Second Extension Amendment Proposal, we entered into the Second Extension Note with our Sponsor. Pursuant to the First Extension Note, the Sponsor agreed that it will contribute to us as a loan of 0.033 for each public share that was not redeemed in connection with the stockholder vote to approve the First Extension Amendment Proposal, for each month until the earlier of (i) the date of the special meeting held in connection with the stockholder vote to approve a business combination and (ii) January 27, 2023 if we failed to complete a business combination by such date. Pursuant to the Second Extension Note, the Sponsor agreed that it will contribute to us as a loan of 0.033 for each public share that was not redeemed in connection with the stockholder vote to approve the Second Extension Amendment Proposal, for each month until the earlier of (i) the date of the special meeting held in connection with the stockholder vote to approve a business combination and (ii) July 27, 2023 if we fail to complete a business combination by such date. As of April 17, 2023, there was a balance of 1,924,356 under the First Extension Note and a balance of 565,497, under the Second Extension Note. 
 The Extension Notes do not bear interest and are repayable in full upon the earlier of (i) the date of the consummation of our initial business combination and (ii) the date of our liquidation. At any time prior to payment in full of the principal balance of the First Extension Note, the holder of the First Extension Note (or a permitted assignee) will have the option, but not the obligation, to convert up to 1,500,000 of the unpaid principal balance of the First Extension Note into that number of warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of our Class A common stock, equal to the principal amount of the First Extension Note so converted divided by 1.50. At any time prior to payment in full of the principal balance of the Second Extension Note, the holder of the Second Extension Note (or a permitted assignee) will have the option, but not the obligation, to convert up to 500,000 of the unpaid principal balance of the Second Extension Note into that number of warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of our Class A common stock, equal to the principal amount of the Second Extension Note so converted divided by 1.50. The terms of the warrants resulting from conversion of the Extension Notes will be identical to the terms of the private placement warrants. Our Sponsor will have the sole discretion whether to continue extending for additional months, and if it determines not to continue extending for additional months, its obligation to make additional Contributions will terminate. If this occurs, we would wind up our affairs and redeem 100 of the outstanding Class A common stock in accordance with the procedures set forth in our charter. The maturity date of the Extension Notes may be accelerated upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined therein). We may prepay any outstanding principal under the Extension Notes at any time, at our election and without penalty, provided, however, our Sponsor shall have a right to first convert such principal balance as described in Section 17 of the Extension Notes upon notice of such prepayment. If a business combination is not completed and we liquidate, there will not be sufficient assets to repay the Extension Notes and they will be worthless. 
 56 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 The Company evaluates its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging . The Company s derivative instruments are recorded at fair value and re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the Statements of Operations. Derivative assets and liabilities are classified on the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement or conversion of the instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. The Company has determined the warrants and the forward contract for additional warrants are derivatives. As the financial instruments meet the definition of a derivative, the warrants and the forward contract for additional warrants are measured at fair value at issuance and at each reporting date in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, with changes in fair value recognized in the Statement of Operations in the period of change. 
 Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 
 We account for our shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Shares of Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, the Class A common stock subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of our balance sheet. 
 Net Income (Loss) per Common Share 
 We apply the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. Net income per common share, basic and diluted for Class A common stock subject to possible redemption is calculated by dividing the proportionate share of earnings, net of applicable taxes, if any, by the weighted average number of shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption outstanding for the period. Net loss is allocated evenly on a pro rata basis between Class A and Class B on weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding over the period. Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates its fair value. The calculation of diluted income per common share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events. However, the diluted earnings per share calculation includes the shares subject to forfeiture from the first day of the interim period in which the contingency on such shares was resolved. 
 Recent accounting standards 
 In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2022 for public business 
 57 

entities that meet the definition of a Securities SEC filer, excluding entities eligible to be smaller reporting companies as defined by the SEC and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. The Company has adopted the standard on January 1, 2022 and has assessed that it had no impact on the accounting of the Company. 
 Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Item 7A.Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

 As of December 31, 2022, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our initial public offering, and prior to June 2022, at which time the assets in the trust account were liquidated to thereafter be held in cash (as described previously in this report), the net proceeds of our initial public offering, including amounts in the trust account, were invested in U.S. government treasury bills, notes or bonds with a maturity of 185 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, there was no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

Item 8.Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

 This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. 

Item 9.Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

 None. 

Item 9A.Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objective. 
 As of December 31, 2022, as required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective. The conclusion that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective was due to the presence of material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting with respect to improper accounting for accruals and accounting for complex financial instruments in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Management concluded that such disclosure controls and procedures are not effective. 
 To respond to this material weakness, we have devoted, and plan to continue to devote, significant effort and resources to the remediation and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements, we plan to enhance these processes to better evaluate and understand the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements. Our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 
 58 

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officer and effected by the Company s Board, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based on our evaluation, our management concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for emerging growth companies . 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. In light of the restatement of our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we plan to enhance our processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements to better evaluate and understand the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements. Our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

Item 9B.Other Information. 

 None. 
 59 

PART III 

Item 10.Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

 MANAGEMENT 
 Officers and Directors 
 As of the date of this report, our officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 

Age 

Position 

Terrence M. Pegula 

71 

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Gary L. Hagerman, Jr. 

44 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

John P. Sieminski 

64 

General Counsel and Secretary 

Adam Gusky 

48 

Chief Investment Officer 

Jacob Long 

35 

Vice President, Operations 

James S. Morrow 

51 

Director 

William A. Fustos 

65 

Director 

Thomas W. Corbett, Jr. 

73 

Director 

Thomas A. Lopus 

63 

Director 

Terrence M. Pegula, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 
 Mr. Pegula currently serves as our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President. Mr. Pegula is one of the most experienced Chief Executive Officers in the Appalachian Basin, with over 40 years of success forming multiple oil & gas companies. Mr. Pegula has a proven operating and investing track record in the energy sector. In 2010, he sold assets of East Resources, Inc. to Royal Dutch Shell plc Shell for 4.7 billion. In 2014, he was the majority owner of assets sold by HG Energy, LLC HG Energy to American Energy Partners, LP American Energy Partners for 1.75 billion. At the respective times that both divestures occurred, East Resources, Inc. was not burdened with significant debt. Mr. Pegula has experience operating all segments of the value-chain, including upstream, midstream, processing and local distribution of company assets. Mr. Pegula is currently the Owner and Vice President of East Management Services, an affiliate of our Sponsor. Mr. Pegula also currently owns entities operating small assets in Texas, Colorado and Wyoming. Mr. and Ms. Pegula also own the Buffalo Sabres professional hockey team and the Buffalo Bills professional football team. 
 Mr. Pegula graduated from the Pennsylvania State University in 1973 with a degree in Petroleum and Natural Gas Engineering. In 2007 he was the recipient of the University s prestigious C. Drew Stahl Distinguished Achievement Award in Petroleum & Natural Gas Engineering. In 2011, he was appointed by Pennsylvania Governor Tom Corbett to his Marcellus Shale Advisory Commission and was also named Penn State s Philanthropist of the Year in recognition of his past support and for the gift that provided the funds for the University to construct the Pegula Ice Arena and develop an NCAA Division I hockey program. In 2014 he received Penn State s Distinguished Alumni Award. In 2018 he was appointed by Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf to Penn State s Board of Trustees, on which he still serves. Finally, in 2020 he was appointed by the Department of Energy Secretary Dan Brouillette to serve on the National Petroleum Counsel. Mr. Pegula is well-qualified to serve on our Board due to his extensive experience in investment and management of oil and gas companies. 
 Gary L. Hagerman, Jr., Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 Mr. Hagerman currently serves as our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Gary served as a director from June 2020 to September 2021. Mr. Hagerman joined East Management Services, an affiliate of our Sponsor, in August of 2015 as the Chief Accounting Officer after spending the prior twelve years at Pittsburgh-based accounting firm Sobol Veltum & Associates working as the manager overseeing all audit and assurance, tax, and advisory services provided to the entities owned by Terrence and Kim Pegula. In January of 2018, he was promoted to Chief Financial Officer of East Management Services, JKLM Energy and all the other companies owned and operated by 
 60 

the Pegulas . Mr. Hagerman holds a B.S. degree in Accounting from West Liberty State College and is a licensed CPA in Pennsylvania and West Virginia. 
 John P. Sieminski, General Counsel and Secretary 
 Mr. Sieminski currently serves as our General Counsel and Secretary. Mr. Sieminski joined East Resources, Inc. in April of 2008 as the company s first General Counsel after spending over seventeen years in private law practice with two law firms in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Mr. Sieminski played key contract negotiation, due diligence and overall transactional administrative roles in East Resources, Inc. s issuance of convertible debt instruments to Kohlberg Kravis & Roberts & Co. KKR in 2009, with a deal value of 330 million, the sale of East s Pennsylvania, New York, and Greater Rocky Mountain assets to Shell in 2010, and the sale of West Virginia and Ohio producing assets to affiliates of American Energy Partners in 2014 with a deal value 1.75 billion. Mr. Sieminski has been involved in the formation and management of multiple entities owned by Terrence and Kim Pegula in the areas of oil & gas, professional sports, investments, real estate, and entertainment. Mr. Sieminski is currently the General Counsel and Secretary of East Management Services, JKLM Energy and East Asset Management, all affiliates of our Sponsor. Mr. Sieminski received a B.A. in psychology from The Pennsylvania State University and a Juris Doctor from Duquesne University School of Law in Pittsburgh, where he was a member of the Law Review. He is actively involved in JKLM Energy s activities as an executive board member of the Marcellus Shale Coalition. 
 Adam Gusky, Chief Investment Officer 
 Mr. Gusky currently serves as our Chief Investment Officer. Mr. Gusky has served as the Chief Investment Officer of East Management Services, an affiliate of our Sponsor since the inception of East Management Services in 2010. At East Resources, Inc., Mr. Gusky was responsible for all financial due diligence for acquisitions, and he was in charge of the reserve-based lending facility. He also developed and implemented the corporate hedging strategy. Mr. Gusky currently serves on the Board of Directors of Rand Capital Corporation, a publicly traded business development company, where East Asset Management made a control investment. Mr. Gusky received his B.A. in History and his MBA from Duke University. 
 Jacob Long, Vice President, Operations 
 Mr. Long currently serves as our Vice President of Operations. Mr. Long has served as Operations Manager and Vice President of Operations for JKLM Energy, an affiliate of the Company, since January 2016, overseeing the development of 38 deep, high-pressured Utica wells in north-central Pennsylvania. Mr. Long concurrently managed the West Texas exploration program and legacy oil production in Colorado. Prior to JKLM Energy, Mr. Long worked at HG Energy in various management roles related to production, reservoir, and A&D evaluation for conventional and unconventional assets. He was also a part of the team for the 2014 sale to American Energy Partners. Mr. Long holds a B.S. degree in Petroleum Engineering from Marietta College. 
 James S. Morrow, Director 
 Mr. Morrow currently serves as a Director. Mr. Morrow is a veteran portfolio manager with over 20 years of experience. Mr. Morrow has served as Chief Executive Officer of Callodine Capital Management, LP Callodine since founding Callodine in 2018. Prior to this, Mr. Morrow spent 19 years at Fidelity Investments Inc. Fidelity where he managed 40 billion of assets across multiple equity-income strategies, including a 3-5 billion energy portfolio. Prior to Fidelity, Mr. Morrow worked in distressed debt for Chase Manhattan Bank. Mr. Morrow received his Bachelor of Science in Finance from the University of Buffalo and his MBA from the University of Chicago. Mr. Morrow s extensive experience as an investment manager makes him well-qualified to serve on our Board. 
 William A. Fustos, Director 
 Mr. Fustos currently serves as a Director. Mr. Fustos has worked in the oil and gas industry for more than 35 years, first with Texaco as a reservoir engineer, and then with several independent oil companies. In 1994, he formed Fustos Energy Services, an engineering firm whose work included reservoir engineering consulting along with a contract well servicing business. In 1998, he joined East Resources, Inc. as Vice President of Operations, 
 61 

eventually holding the position of Chief Operating Officer. As COO, Mr. Fustos s duties included supervision and oversight of all the operational and strategic activities of East Resources, Inc. He was elected a Director of the Marcellus Shale Coalition in 2009, an industry organization founded to lead the oil and gas industry s regulatory and political efforts in Pennsylvania. He has served as chair of Penn State s Corporate Relations Subcommittee the College of Earth and Mineral Sciences Development Council and in 2012 was the recipient of Penn State s prestigious C. Drew Stahl Distinguished Achievement Award in Petroleum & Natural Gas Engineering . Since 2017, Mr. Fustos has served as a member of the Board of Directors for HG Energy II, LLC, a large independent upstream oil and gas company based in Parkersburg, WV. Also since 2017, Mr. Fustos has served on the board of Penn Hills Resources, LLC. He graduated from Penn State in 1979 with a degree in Petroleum and Natural Gas Engineering and has been licensed as a Professional Engineer in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Mr. Fustos is well-qualified to serve on our Board due to his extensive experience in the oil and gas industry and his service on the boards of several other oil and gas companies . 
 Thomas W. Corbett, Jr., Director 
 Mr. Corbett currently serves as a Director. Mr. Corbett has been the principal member of Corbett Consulting, LLC since 2015 and, from 2011 to 2015, served as the Governor of Pennsylvania. He has also served as the state s Attorney General and as the US Attorney for the Western District of Pennsylvania. Mr. Corbett received a B.A. in political science from Lebanon Valley College and a Juris Doctor from St. Mary s University Law School. He was a member of the board of directors for Composites Consolidation Company LLC from 2015 to 2016 and was a member of the board for Animal Friends of Pittsburgh until 2019. He currently serves on the board of the Variety Club, The Children s Charity Pittsburgh. Mr. Corbett is well-qualified to serve on our Board due to his extensive leadership and risk management experience, as well as his service on other public company boards. 
 Thomas A. Lopus, Director 
 Mr. Lopus currently serves as a Director. Mr. Lopus has worked in the oil and gas industry for 18 years in various roles. From June 2016 to June 2019, he served as the Director of Operations for Range Resources Corporation. He also served as a Senior Vice President - Oil & Gas Assets for Pardee Resources Company. Prior to that Mr. Lopus served as the Appalachian Business Manager for J-W Operating Company from January 2019 to December 2012. Mr. Lopus received a B.S. in Petroleum and Natural Gas Engineering from Penn State University. He was a member of the board of directors for Linn Energy from 2006 to 2008. In 2012, he was awarded the Industry Executive Leader award from the Northeast US Oil and Gas Awards and was a founding member of the Marcellus Shale Coalition from 2008 to 2016. Mr. Lopus is well-qualified to serve on our Board due to his extensive experience in the oil and gas industry. 
 Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 
 We currently have seven directors. Our Board is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of James S. Morrow, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Thomas A. Lopus and William A. Fustos, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Terrence M. Pegula and Thomas W. Corbett, Jr., will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. 
 Under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, holders of our founder shares will have the right to elect all of our directors prior to consummation of our initial business combination and holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only be amended if approved by holders of at least 90 of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies on our Board may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board or by a majority of the holders of our founder shares. 
 Our officers are appointed by the Board and serve at the discretion of the Board, rather than for specific terms of office. Our Board is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of one or more Chief Executive Officer, a Chief 
 62 

Financial Officer, a Secretary and such other officers (including without limitation, a Chairman of the Board, Chief Operating Officer, Presidents, Vice Presidents, Partners , Managing Directors and Senior Managing Directors and such other offices as may be determined by the Board . 
 Director Independence 
 NASDAQ listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the Company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the Company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our Board has determined that William A. Fustos, Thomas A. Lopus and Thomas W. Corbett, Jr. are independent directors. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 
 Officer and Director Compensation 
 None of our officers or directors has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Additionally, in connection with the successful completion of our initial business combination, we may determine to provide a payment to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or our or their affiliates however any such payment would not be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in the trust account and we currently do not have any agreement or arrangement with any such party to do so. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were or are to be made to our Sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 
 After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the Board for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of independent directors on our board of directors. 
 Following a business combination, to the extent we deem it necessary, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management team of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 
 Committees of the Board of Directors 
 Our Board has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Each committee operates under a charter approved by our board with the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee is available on our website. 
 Audit Committee 
 We have established an audit committee of the Board. William A. Fustos, Thomas A. Lopus and Thomas W. Corbett, Jr. serve as members of our audit committee. Under NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Under NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules, our audit committee must have one independent member at the time of listing, a majority of independent members within 90 days of listing, and consist of all 
 63 

independent members within one year of listing. Mr. Fustos meets the independent director standard under NASDAQ s listing standard and under Rule 10A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act , and serves as chairman of the audit committee. 
 Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our Board has determined that Mr. Fustos qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 
 We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us 

pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures 

reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction and 

reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

 Compensation Committee 
 We have established a compensation committee of the Board. William A. Fustos and Thomas A. Lopus serve as members of our compensation committee. Under NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules, our compensation committee must have one independent member at the time of listing, a majority of independent members within 90 days of listing, and consist of all independent members within one year of listing. Mr. Fustos meets the independent director standard under NASDAQ listing standards, and will serve as chairman of the compensation committee. 
 We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation of all of our other officers 

 64 

reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

 Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, no compensation of any kind, including finder s, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to complete the consummation of a business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 
 The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by NASDAQ and the SEC. 
 Director Nominations 
 We do not have a standing nominating committee. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the NASDAQ Rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the Board. The Board believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. As we do not have a standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 
 Our Board will consider candidates for nomination who have a high level of personal and professional integrity, strong ethics and values and the ability to make mature business judgments. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, our Board will also consider experience in corporate management such as serving as an officer or former officer of a publicly held company, experience as a board member of another publicly held company, professional and academic experience relevant to our business, leadership skills, experience in finance and accounting or executive compensation practices, whether candidate has the time required for preparation, participation and attendance at Board meetings and committee meetings, if applicable, independence and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 None of our officers currently serves, and in the past year none of them has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our Board. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. The Code of Ethics will be available on our website https://www.eastresources.com. We will also post any amendments to or waivers of our Code of Ethics on our website. 
 65 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, as amended, requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our common stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such forms, we believe that all reporting requirements for fiscal year 2022 were complied with by each person who at any time during the 2022 fiscal year was a director or an executive officer or held more than 10 of our common stock, except for the following: Mr. Gusky filed a Form 4 approximately 17 months late on November 2, 2022. 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines 
 Our Board has adopted corporate governance guidelines in accordance with the corporate governance rules of NASDAQ that serve as a flexible framework within which our Board and its committees operate. These guidelines cover a number of areas including board membership criteria and director qualifications, director responsibilities, board agenda, roles of the Chairman of the board, Chief Executive Officer and presiding director, meetings of independent directors, committee responsibilities and assignments, board member access to management and independent advisors, director communications with third parties, director compensation, director orientation and continuing education, evaluation of senior management and management succession planning. A copy of our corporate governance guidelines is posted on our website. 
 Conflicts of Interest 
 JKLM Energy may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If JKLM Energy decides to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from procuring such opportunities. In addition, investment ideas generated within JKLM Energy may be suitable for both us and for JKLM Energy and may be pursued by JKLM Energy rather than by us. Neither JKLM Energy nor members of our board of directors who are also employed by JKLM Energy have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware. Members of our management, in their capacities as management of JKLM Energy or in their other endeavors, may be required to present potential business combinations to JKLM Energy or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us. 
 Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present business combination opportunities to such entity. Accordingly, in the future, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers arising in the future would materially undermine our ability to complete our business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 
 Our Board has consented to the participation of our officers and directors in the formation of, or becoming an officer or director of, any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act prior to our entering into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may pursue an acquisition opportunity jointly with our Sponsor, or one or more of its affiliates, which we refer to as an Affiliated Joint Acquisition. Such entities may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future, may have additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such other entity. 
 66 

We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. In addition, we may pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such entity a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our C ompany and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. In addition, the Company and its affiliates, including our officers and directors who are affiliated with the Company , may s ponsor or form other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 
 Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs in particular and, accordingly, each of them may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our officers and directors may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 36 months after the closing of our initial public offering. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private placement warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable by our Sponsor until the earlier of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the private placement warrants and the Class A common stock underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our Sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants following our initial public offering, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to complete our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Our Sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our Sponsor or an affiliate of 

 67 

our Sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. 

 A fulsome discussion of the interests that our Sponsor, officers and directors have in our proposed Business Combination is set forth in the Proxy Statement filed with the SEC and which will be distributed to our stockholders in advance of the special meeting to be held in connection with the proposed Business Combination. 
 The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. 
 In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business and 

it would not be fair to our Company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

 Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our Company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 
 We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors, subject to certain approvals and consents. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 
 We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 
 In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our Sponsor has agreed to vote any founder shares held by it and any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination and our officers and directors have also agreed to vote any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination. 
 Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors. 
 We will enter into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also will permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We will purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 
 68 

These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 
 We believe that these provisions, the directors and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 
 Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

Item 11.Executive Compensation. 

 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
 None of our officers or directors has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Additionally, in connection with the successful completion of our initial business combination, we may determine to provide a payment to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or our or their affiliates however any such payment would not be made from the amounts held in the trust account and we currently do not have any agreement or arrangement with any such party to do so. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were or are to be made to our Sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 
 After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the Board for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of independent directors on our Board. 
 Following a business combination, to the extent we deem it necessary, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management team of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Item 12.Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

 The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of April 17, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock 

 69 

each of our officers and directors upon completion of our initial public offering who beneficially owns shares of our common stock and 

all our officers and directors upon completion of our initial public offering as a group. 

 Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. 

Class A 
 Common 
 Stock 

Class B 
 Common 
 Stock 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 1) 

Number of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 2) 

Approximate 
 Percentage 
 of Class 

Number of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 2) 

Approximate 
 Percentage 
 of Class 

Approximate 
 Percentage 
 of 
 Outstanding 
 Common 
 Stock 

Terrence M. Pegula 

8,615,000 

99.88 

75 

Gary L. Hagerman, Jr. 

1,000 

John P. Sieminski 

2,500 

James S. Morrow 

William A. Fustos 

22,000 

Thomas W. Corbett, Jr. 

10,000 

Benjamin Wingard 

4,000 

Jacob Long 

5,000 

Adam Gusky 

2,452 

All officers and directors as a group 
 (10 individuals) 

36,952 

1.29 

8,625,000 

100 

75 

East Sponsor, LLC 3) 

8,615,000 

99.88 

75 

less than 1 . 

(1) 
 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o East Resources Acquisition Company, 7777 NW Beacon Square Boulevard, Boca Raton, Florida 33487. 

(2) 
 
 Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock. Such shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. 

(3) 
 
 East Sponsor, LLC is the record holder of the shares reported herein. East Asset Management, LLC is the managing member of East Sponsor, LLC, and Terrence M. Pegula and Kim S. Pegula are the managing members of East Asset Management, LLC. As such, they may be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of the Class B common stock held directly by East Sponsor, LLC. Each such person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly. 

 Changes in Control 
 None. 

Item 13.Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 
 In June 2020, our Sponsor acquired 8,625,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. Prior to the initial investment in the Company of 25,000 by our Sponsor, we had no assets, tangible or intangible. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares upon completion of our initial public offering. If we increase or decrease the size of the offering, we will effect a stock dividend or a share contribution back to capital or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our Class B common stock immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our initial stockholders at 20 of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon the consummation of our initial public offering. In July 2020, our 
 70 

Sponsor transferred 10,000 founder shares to Thomas W. Corbett, Jr., one of our independent director nominees, at their original purchase price. Up to an aggregate of 1,125,000 founder shares are subject to forfeiture by our Sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters overallotment option is exercised. The founder shares (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. 
 In July and August of 2020, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 8,900,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, in a private placement. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. The private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. 
 Following the closing of our initial public offering, certain employees of JKLM Energy and East Management Services, each an affiliate of our Sponsor, provide us with services related to the identification and pursuit of business combination opportunities, for which we reimburse JKLM Energy and East Management Services based on a fixed fee to be negotiated separately, plus reimbursement of expenses actually incurred. 
 Other than these fees, which are subject to negotiation, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf, including with respect to our formation and initial public offering and to identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Additionally, in connection with the successful completion of our initial business combination, we may determine to provide a payment to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or our or their affiliates however any such payment would not be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in the trust account and we currently do not have any agreement or arrangement with any such party to do so. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were or are to be made to our Sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 
 In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. As of April 17, 2023, our Sponsor has loaned to us an aggregate of 3,000,000 for working capital purposes. The working capital loan does not bear interest and is repayable in full upon consummation of a business combination. If we do not complete a business combination, the working capital loan need not be repaid and all amounts owed under it will be forgiven. The working capital loan is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of which automatically trigger the unpaid principal balance of the working capital loan and all other sums payable with regard to the working capital loan becoming immediately due and payable. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 
 In connection with our initial public offering, we entered into a forward purchase agreement pursuant to which East Asset Management had agreed to purchase an aggregate of up to 5,000,000 forward purchase units, consisting of the forward purchase shares and the forward purchase warrants, for 10.00 per unit, or an aggregate maximum amount of 50,000,000, in a private placement that would close simultaneously with the closing of our initial business combination. Pursuant to the termination agreement, dated December 2, 2022, by and between the Company and our Sponsor, the forward purchase agreement was terminated and is of no further effect. The parties agreed that no payments or deliveries are due by either party in respect of the forward purchase agreement. 
 
 On July 25, 2022, in connection with the First Extension Amendment Proposal, we entered into the 
 First Extension Note with our Sponsor, and on January 23, 2023, in connection with the Second Extension 
 Amendment Proposal, we entered into the Second Extension Note with our Sponsor. Pursuant to the First 
 71 

Extension Note, the Sponsor agreed that it will contribute to us as a loan (each loan being referred to herein as a Contribution of 0.033 for each Public Share that was not redeemed in connection with the stockholder vote to approve the First Extension Amendment Proposal, for each month until the earlier of (i) the date of the special meeting held in connection with the stockholder vote to approve a business combination and (ii) January 27, 2023 if we failed to complete a business combination by such date. Pursuant to the Second Extension Note, the Sponsor agreed that it will make a Contribution of 0.033 for each Public Share that was not redeemed in connection with the stockholder vote to approve the Second Extension Amendment Proposal, for each month until the earlier of (i) the date of the special meeting held in connection with the stockholder vote to approve a business combination and (ii) July 27, 2023 if we fail to complete a business combination by such date. As of April 17, 2023 , there was a balance of 1,924,356 under the First Extension Note and a balance of 565,497 under the Second Extension Note. 
 
 The Extension Notes do not bear interest and are repayable in full upon the earlier of (i) the date of the consummation of our initial business combination and (ii) the date of our liquidation. At any time prior to payment in full of the principal balance of the First Extension Note, the holder of the First Extension Note (or a permitted assignee) will have the option, but not the obligation, to convert up to 1,500,000 of the unpaid principal balance of the First Extension Note into that number of warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of our Class A common stock equal to the principal amount of the First Extension Note so converted divided by 1.50. At any time prior to payment in full of the principal balance of the Second Extension Note, the holder of the Second Extension Note (or a permitted assignee) will have the option, but not the obligation, to convert up to 500,000 of the unpaid principal balance of the Second Extension Note into that number of warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of our Class A Common Stock, equal to the principal amount of the Second Extension Note so converted divided by 1.50. The terms of the warrants resulting from conversion of the Extension Notes will be identical to the terms of the private placement warrants. 
 
 Our Sponsor will have the sole discretion whether to continue extending for additional months, and if it determines not to continue extending for additional months, its obligation to make additional Contributions will terminate. If this occurs, we would wind up our affairs and redeem 100 of the outstanding Class A common stock in accordance with the procedures set forth in our charter. The maturity date of the Extension Notes may be accelerated upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined therein). We pay prepay any outstanding principal under the Extension Notes at any time, at our election and without penalty, provided, however, our Sponsor shall have a right to first convert such principal balance as described in Section 17 of the Extension Notes upon notice of such prepayment. If a business combination is not completed and we liquidate, there will not be sufficient assets to repay the Extension Notes and they will be worthless. 
 After our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 
 Pursuant to a registration rights agreement with our initial stockholders, we may be required to register certain securities for sale under the Securities Act. These holders, and holders of warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any, are entitled under the registration rights agreement to make up to three demands that we register certain of our securities held by them for sale under the Securities Act and to have the securities covered thereby registered for resale pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders have the right to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until the securities covered thereby are released from their lock-up restrictions, as described herein. We will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements. 
 Related Person Transaction Policy 
 We have adopted a written policy relating to the approval of related person transactions. A related person transaction is a transaction or arrangement or series of transactions or arrangements in which we participate 
 72 

whether or not we are a party) and a related person has a direct or indirect material interest in such transaction. Our audit committee will review and approve or ratify all relationships and related person transactions between us and (i) our directors, director nominees or executive officers, (ii) any record or beneficial owner of 5 or more of our common stock or (iii) any immediate family member of any person specified in (i) and (ii). The audit committee will review all related person transactions and, where the audit committee determines that such transactions are in our best interests, approve such transactions in advance of such transaction being given effect. 
 As set forth in the related person transaction policy, in the course of its review and approval or ratification of a related party transaction, the audit committee will, in its judgment, consider in light of the relevant facts and circumstances whether the transaction is, or is not inconsistent with, our best interests, including consideration of various factors enumerated in the policy. 
 Any member of the audit committee who is a related person with respect to a transaction under review will not be permitted to participate in the discussions or approval or ratification of the transaction. Our policy also includes certain exceptions for transactions that need not be reported and provides the audit committee with the discretion to pre-approve certain transactions. 
 To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our Sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash payments will be made to our Sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, the following payments will be made to our Sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: 
 Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to our formation and initial public offering and to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination and 
 Repayment of loans which may be made by our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. 
 Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 

Item 14.Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

 The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. 
 Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the years ending 2022 and 2021 totaled 171,866 and 62,110, respectively. 
 Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the period from May 22, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 
 73 

Tax Fees . We did not pay Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for other services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Pre-Approval Policy 
 Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 
 74 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # 688) 

F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

F-5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-6 

(2) 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) 
 
 Exhibits 

The exhibits listed in the following index are filed, furnished, or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

 None. 
 75 

Exhibit Index 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Description 

1.1 

Underwriting Agreement, dated July 23, 2020, between the Company and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representative of the several underwriters (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39403) filed with the SEC on July 27, 2020) 

2.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 30, 2022, by and among East Resources Acquisition Company, LMA Merger Sub, LLC, Abacus Merger Sub, LLC, Longevity Market Assets, LLC and Abacus Settlements, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39403) filed with the SEC on August 30, 2022) 

2.2 

First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 14, 2022, by and among East Resources Acquisition Company, LMA Merger Sub, LLC, Abacus Merger Sub, LLC, Longevity Market Assets, LLC and Abacus Settlements, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39403) filed with the SEC on October 14, 2022) 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of East Resources Acquisition Company, dated July 23, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39403) filed with the SEC on July 27, 2020) 

3.2 

Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of East Resources Acquisition Company, dated July 25, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39403) filed with the SEC on July 25, 2022) 

3.3 

Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of East Resources Acquisition Company, dated January 23, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39403) filed with the SEC on January 23, 2023) 

3.4 

Bylaws of East Resources Acquisition Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239677) filed with the SEC on July 2, 2020) 

4.1 

Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239677) filed with the SEC on July 2, 2020) 

4.2 

Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239677) filed with the SEC on July 2, 2020) 

4.3 

Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-239677) filed with the SEC on July 2, 2020) 

4.4 

Warrant Agreement, dated July 23, 2020 between East Resources Acquisition Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39403) filed with the SEC on July 27, 2020) 

4.5 

Description of Securities of East Resources Acquisition Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 26, 2021) 

10.1 

Letter Agreement, dated July 23, 2020, among the Company, its officers and directors and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39403) filed with the SEC on July 27, 2020) 

10.2 

Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated July 21, 2020, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39403) filed with the SEC on July 27, 2020) 

10.3 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 23, 2020, among the Company and certain security holders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39403) filed with the SEC on July 27, 2020) 

76 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Description 

10.4 

Indemnity Agreement, dated July 23, 2020, between the Company and Terrence M. Pegula (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39403) filed with the SEC on July 27, 2020) 

10.5 

Indemnity Agreement, dated July 23, 2020, between the Company and Gary L. Hagerman, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39403) filed with the SEC on July 27, 2020) 

10.6 

Indemnity Agreement, dated July 23, 2020, between the Company and John P. Sieminski (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39403) filed with the SEC on July 27, 2020) 

10.7 

Indemnity Agreement, dated July 23, 2020, between the Company and Adam Gusky (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39403) filed with the SEC on July 27, 2020) 

10.8 

Indemnity Agreement, dated July 23, 2020, between the Company and Jacob Long (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39403) filed with the SEC on July 27, 2020) 

10.9 

Indemnity Agreement, dated July 23, 2020, between the Company and James S. Morrow (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39403) filed with the SEC on July 27, 2020) 

10.10 

Indemnity Agreement, dated July 23, 2020, between the Company and William A. Fustos (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39403) filed with the SEC on July 27, 2020) 

10.11 

Indemnity Agreement, dated July 23, 2020, between the Company and Thomas W. Corbett, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39403) filed with the SEC on July 27, 2020) 

10.12 

Indemnity Agreement, dated September 16, 2021, between the Company and Thomas A. Lopus (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-39403) filed with the SEC on February 28, 2022) 

10.13 

Business Services Agreement, by and between the Company and JKLM Energy, LLC dated as of November 30, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39403) filed with the SEC on December 1, 2020) 

10.14 

Business Services Agreement, by and between the Company and East Management Services, LP dated as of November 30, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39403) filed with the SEC on December 1, 2020 

10.15 

Promissory Note, dated July 25, 2022, issued to East Sponsor, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39403) filed with the SEC on July 25, 2022) 

10.16 

Promissory Note, dated January 23, 2023, issued to East Sponsor, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39403) filed with the SEC on January 23, 2023) 

10.17 

Promissory Note, dated November 10, 2022, issued to East Sponsor, LLC 

10.18 

Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated January 31, 2023, issued to East Sponsor, LLC 

10.19 

Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2022, by and among East Resources Acquisition Company, Longevity Market Assets, LLC, Abacus Settlements, LLC and East Sponsor, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39403) filed with the SEC on August 30, 2022) 

77 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Description 

10.20 

Company Support Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2022, by and among East Resources Acquisition Company, Longevity Market Assets, LLC, Abacus Settlements, LLC and the other parties signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39403) filed with the SEC on August 30, 2022) 

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 

The cover page for the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, has been formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 

Filed herewith. 

 78 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

East Resources Acquisition Company 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Terrence M. Pegula 

Terrence M. Pegula 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Terrence M. Pegula 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman 
 
 April 17, 2023 

Terrence M. Pegula 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Gary L. Hagerman, Jr. 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 April 17, 2023 

Gary L. Hagerman, Jr. 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ James S. Morrow 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

James S. Morrow 

/s/ Thomas A. Lopus 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

Thomas A. Lopus 

/s/ William A. Fustos 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

William A. Fustos 

/s/ Thomas W. Corbett, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

Thomas W. Corbett, Jr. 

79 

EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-5 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-6 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 
 East Resources Acquisition Company 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of East Resources Acquisition Company (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. Additionally, if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by the close of business on July 27, 2023, the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ Marcum llp 
 
 Marcum llp 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 . 

Houston, TX 
 April 17, 2023 
 F-1 

EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Cash and securities held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities Accrued expenses 

Current liabilities - Note payable to related party 

Income taxes payable 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Forward purchase agreement liability 

Warrant liability 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, par value and shares at and per share at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value shares authorized 
 issued and outstanding 

Class A common stock, par value shares authorized 
 issued and outstanding (excluding 34,500,000 shares subject to 
 possible redemption) 

Class B common stock, par value shares authorized 
 shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-2 

EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Formation and operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Change in fair value of forward purchase agreement liability 

Gain on deferred underwriting fees waiver 

Interest earned - bank 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Other income (expense), net 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net Income (Loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, 
 Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, 
 Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, 
 Non-redeemable common stock 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Non-redeemable common stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-3 

EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

Class A 
 Common Stock 

Class B 
 Common Stock 

Additional 
 Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Deficit 

Balance January 1, 2022 

Net income 

Deferred underwriting fees waiver 

Termination of forward purchase agreement 

Remeasurement of Class A common stock to redemption value 

Balance December 31, 2022 

For the year ended December 31, 2021 

Class A 
 Common Stock 

Class B 
 Common Stock 

Additional 
 Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Equity (Deficit) 

Balance January 1, 2021 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-4 

EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization of prepaid insurance 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Change in fair value of forward purchase agreement liability 

Gain on deferred underwriting fees waiver 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid insurance 

Income taxes payable 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Trust Account withdrawal for redemption of Class A shares 

Payment into Trust Account 

Trust Account withdrawal for payment of taxes 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Redemption of Class A Common Stock 

Proceeds from note payable - Related Party 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning 

Cash Ending 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Remeasurement of Class A common stock subject to 
 possible redemption to redemption value 

Termination of forward purchase agreement 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F-5 

EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. 
 Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to East Sponsor, LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 
 On August 25, 2020, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full, resulting in an additional Units issued for total gross proceeds of . In connection with the underwriters exercise of their over-allotment option in full, the Company also consummated the sale of an additional Private Placement Warrants at per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of . A total of was deposited into the Trust Account, bringing the aggregate proceeds held in the Trust Account to . 
 Transaction costs amounted to , consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. 
 Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on July 27, 2020 and the exercise of the over-allotment option on August 25, 2020, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account located in the United States and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s stockholders, as described below. The investments in the Trust Account were liquidated in June 2022 to thereafter be held in cash. 
 
 F-6 

EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting commissions held in the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 
 The Company will provide its stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The stockholders will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount held in the Trust Account (initially 10.00 per share), calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of a Business Combination, including any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. 
 In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon consummation of such Business Combination and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the holders of the Founder Shares have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased in or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination and to waive their redemption rights with respect to any such shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a Business Combination. However, in no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its Public Shares and the related Business Combination, and instead may search for an alternate Business Combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem its Public Shares, without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against a proposed Business Combination. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Company's Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 20 of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. 
 The Sponsor has agreed (a) to waive its redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100 of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment and (iii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination. of the outstanding Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to its obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 
 F-7 
 
 EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 shares of Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. Consequently, approximately (approximately per share) was removed from the Trust Account to pay such redeeming holders. Additionally, in connection with the approval of the First Extension Amendment Proposal, the Company issued a promissory note (the First Extension Note in the principal amount of up to to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to . The First Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of consummation of the Company s Business Combination or (b) the date of liquidation of the Company. In order to further extend the period the Company has to complete a Business Combination beyond the 27 th of a given month, an additional was to be deposited into the Trust Account commencing on July 27, 2022 and on the 27th of each subsequent month, or portion thereof, for each additional month that the Company requires to complete a Business Combination from July 27, 2022 until January 27, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, has been deposited into Trust Account by our Sponsor. 
 F-8 
 
 EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 million, payable in a number of newly issued shares of Class A common stock at a deemed value of per share, with a portion of the aggregate merger consideration payable in cash upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. For additional information regarding the Merger Agreement, see the Company's Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2022 and October 14, 2022, and the Company s preliminary proxy statement (as amended, the Proxy Statement ), initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on October 14, 2022. 
 On January 20, 2023, the Company convened a special meeting of stockholders at which a proposal to extend the date by which the Company has to complete a Business Combination from January 27, 2023 to July 27, 2023 (the Second Extension Amendment Proposal was approved. In connection with the special meeting, stockholders were provided an opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A common stock, and stockholders holding shares of Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. Consequently, approximately (approximately per share) was removed from the Trust Account to pay such redeeming holders. Additionally, in connection with the approval of the Second Extension Amendment Proposal, the Company issued a promissory note (the Second Extension Note in the principal amount of up to to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan us up to 565,497. The Second Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of consummation of Company s Business Combination or (b) the date of liquidation of the Company. In order to further extend the period the Company has to complete a Business Combination beyond the 27th of a given month until July 27, 2023, the Sponsor will deposit an additional into the Trust Account commencing on January 27, 2023 and on the 27th of each subsequent month until July 27, 2023. As of April 17, 2023, has been deposited into Trust Account by the Sponsor for the second extension. 
 Risks and Uncertainties 
 Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Going Concern Considerations 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had in cash and a working capital deficiency of . 
 
 F-9 
 
 EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

F-10 
 
 EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

days or less, or investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities and generally have a readily determinable fair value, or a combination thereof. When the Company's investments held in the Trust Account are comprised of U.S. government securities, the investments are classified as trading securities and are recognized at fair value. When the Company's investments held in the Trust Account are comprised of money market funds, the investments are recognized at fair value. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities are included in gain on investments held in the Trust Account in the accompanying unaudited condensed statements of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in the Trust Account are determined using available market information. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, substantially all of the assets held in the Trust Account were held in cash, as further explained in Note 1 above. At December 31, 2021, substantially all of the assets held in the Trust Account were held in money market funds, which primarily invest in U.S. Treasury Bills. 
 F-11 
 
 EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Proceeds allocated to FPA liability 

Class A common stock issuance costs 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2021 

Redemption of Class A common stock 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Contribution to trust account for extension 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 

F-12 
 
 EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. 

shares in the calculation of diluted loss per share, since the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive. 
 
 The Company s statements of operations include a presentation of income per share for common shares subject to possible redemption in a manner similar to the two-class method of income per share. Net income per common share, basic and diluted, for Common stock subject to possible redemption is calculated by dividing the proportionate share of income on earnings, net of applicable franchise and income taxes, by the weighted average number of Common stock subject to possible redemption outstanding over the period. Net loss is allocated evenly on a pro rata basis between Class A and Class B based on weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding over the period. 
 
 Consistent with ASC Topic 480-10-S99-3A, accretion associated with the redeemable shares of Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates its fair value. The calculation of diluted income per common share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events. However, the diluted earnings per 
 F-13 
 
 EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Net earnings attributable to shareholders 

Redeemable Class A Common Stock 

Numerator: Earnings (loss) allocable to Redeemable Class 
 A Common Stock 

Denominator: Weighted Average Share Outstanding, 
 Redeemable Class A Common Stock 

Basic and diluted net earnings per share, Redeemable 
 Class A 

Non-Redeemable Class A and Class B Common Stock 

Numerator: Earnings (loss) allocable to Non-Redeemable 
 Class A and Class B Common Stock 

Denominator: Weighted Average Non-Redeemable 
 Class A and Class B Common Stock 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Non-Redeemable 
 Class A and Class B 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

F-14 
 
 EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option on , in the amount of Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant ("Public Warrant"). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 8). 
 
 F-15 
 
 EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of . Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for share of Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 8). The proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. shares (the Founder Shares of the Company s Class B common stock, par value per share (the Class B common stock ), for an aggregate price of . The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A common stock on a -for-one basis at the time of the Company s initial Business Combination and are subject to certain transfer restrictions. The Founder Shares included up to an aggregate of shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters so that the Founder Shares would represent of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. In July 2020, Sponsor transferred founder shares to Thomas W. Corbett, Jr., one of our independent director nominees. As a result of the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option on August 25, 2020, Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 
 The Company s Founder Shares are subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in a letter agreement with the Company entered into by the initial stockholders, and officers and directors. Those lock-up provisions provide that such securities are not transferable or salable until the earlier to occur of: (1) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination, or (2) subsequent to the initial Business Combination if the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the public stockholders having the right to exchange their Public Shares for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Sponsor has the right to transfer its ownership in the Founder Shares at any time, and to any transferee, to the extent that the Sponsor determines, in good faith, that such transfer is necessary to ensure that it and/or any of its parents, subsidiaries or affiliates are in compliance with the Investment Company Act of 1940. Further, and notwithstanding the foregoing, if subsequent to the initial Business Combination the reported last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least days after our initial Business Combination, all of the Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the initial stockholders with respect to any Founder Shares. 
 As noted above, prior to the closing of the IPO, our Sponsor transferred Founder Shares to our independent directors in recognition of and as compensation for their future services to the Company. The transfer of Founder Shares to these directors is within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The fair value of the shares granted to our independent directors was or per share. Compensation expense related to the Founder Shares is recognized only when the performance condition (i.e. the remediation of the lock-up provision) is probable of achievement under the applicable accounting literature. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date the lock-up provisions have been remediated, or are probable to be remediated, in an amount equal to the number of Founder Shares times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the transfer of the Founder Shares. As of December 31, 2021, the Company has not yet entered into any definitive agreements in connection with any Business Combination and as such, the lock-up provisions have not been remediated and are not probable to be remediated. Any such agreements may be subject to certain conditions to closing, such as, for example, approval by the Company s shareholders. As a result, the Company determined that, taking into account 
 F-16 
 
 EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 stock-based compensation expense should be recognized until the Business Combination occurs . 
 Administrative Support Agreement 
 The Company entered into an agreement, commencing on July 24, 2020 through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation, to pay affiliates of the Sponsor each, per month, for office space and administrative support services. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred and paid . 
 Related Party Loans 
 In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, members of the Company s founding team or any of their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans or Note ). In August 2021, the Sponsor committed to provide the Company up to an aggregate of in loans for working capital purposes. The Note does not bear interest and is repayable in full upon consummation of a Business Combination. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the Note shall not be repaid and all amounts owed under it will be forgiven. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was a balance of under this loan. Subsequent to the reporting period, on January 31, 2023, the Sponsor agreed to loan us up to an additional under this loan. Upon the consummation of a Business Combination, the holder of the Note (or a permitted assignee) shall have the option, but not the obligation, to convert all or a portion of the unpaid principal balance of the Note into that number of Working Capital Warrants equal to the principal amount of the Note so converted divided by . The conversion option should be bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative in accordance with ASC 815. However, the exercise price of the underlying warrants was greater than the warrant fair value as of December 31, 2022, and when the Note was drawn on. The Company believes that the likelihood of the Sponsor s exercise of the option to convert the Note to warrants is de minimis. As a result, the Company recorded zero liability related to the conversion option. 
 The terms of the Working Capital Warrants will be identical to the terms of the warrants issued by the Company to the Sponsor in a private placement that took place simultaneously with the Company s Initial Public Offering. The Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of which automatically trigger the unpaid principal balance of the Note and all other sums payable with regard to the Note becoming immediately due and payable. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was a balance of under this loan. 
 Sponsor Loans 
 On February 15, 2021, the Sponsor committed to provide the Company up to an aggregate of in loans for working capital purposes. These loans will be non-interest bearing, unsecured and will be repaid upon the consummation of a Business Combination. If the Company does not consummate a Business Combination, all amounts loaned to the Company in connection with these loans will be forgiven except to the extent that the Company has funds available to it outside of its Trust Account. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance of the loan is . On June 24, 2020, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the "Note"). The Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of August 31, 2020 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding balance under the Note of was repaid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering on July 27, 2020. Affiliates of the Company and of the Sponsor advanced the Company an aggregate of to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering. The advances were non-interest bearing and due on demand. The outstanding advances of were repaid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering on July 27, 2020. 
 On July 25, 2022, in connection with the approval of the First Extension Amendment Proposal, the Company issued the Extension Note in the principal amount of up to to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to . The First Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of the Company s Business Combination, or (b) the date of the liquidation of the Company. The maturity date of the First Extension Note may be accelerated upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined therein). Any outstanding principal under the First Extension Note may be prepaid at any time by the Company, at its election and without penalty, provided, however, that the Sponsor shall 
 F-17 
 
 EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 had been deposited into Trust Account by the Sponsor to extend the period the Company has to complete a Business Combination from July 27, 2022 to January 27, 2023. 
 The conversion option should be bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative in accordance with ASC 815. However, the exercise price of the underlying warrants was greater than the warrant fair value as of December 31, 2022, and when the Note was drawn on. The Company believes that the likelihood of the Sponsor s exercise of the option to convert the Note to warrants is de minimis. As a result, the Company recorded zero liability related to the conversion option. 
 On September 29, 2022, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of to cover expenses related to the Business Combination and other operating activities until the consummation of the initial business combination, this is a separate than the convertible note discussed above. This note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination, or (b) if the initial business combination does not occur this note will not be repaid. As of December 31, 2022 was outstanding on this loan. 
 in the aggregate. In addition, the underwriters were entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit, or . The deferred fee was to become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 
 On November 25, 2022, the Company received a letter providing notice from Wells Fargo Securities, LLC. Wells Fargo ), waiving any entitlement to their portion of the deferred underwriting fee that accrued from Wells Fargo s participation as the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering and their right of first refusal to act as co-placement agents in connection with any equity or debt financing transaction (including any investment banking and financial advisory services) related to the Business Combination. Such waiver reduces the estimated expenses of the Business Combination by . A portion of deferred underwriting discount previously recorded in the additional paid-in capital is recorded as a recovery in the additional paid-in capital and a portion previously expensed is recorded as a recovery in the statement of operations in year ended December 31, 2022. 
 F-18 
 
 EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 units (the forward purchase units ), consisting of share of Class A common stock (the forward purchase shares and one-half of one warrant to purchase share of Class A common stock (the forward purchase warrants ), for per unit, or an aggregate maximum amount of , in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of a Business Combination. East Asset Management was too purchase a number of forward purchase units that would result in gross proceeds to the Company necessary to enable the Company to consummate a Business Combination and pay related fees and expenses, after first applying amounts available to the Company from the Trust Account (after paying the deferred underwriting discount and giving effect to any redemptions of Public Shares) and any other financing source obtained by the Company for such purpose at or prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, plus any additional amounts mutually agreed by the Company and East Asset Management to be retained by the post-business combination company for working capital or other purposes. East Asset Management s obligation to purchase forward purchase units was, among other things, be conditioned on the Business Combination (including the target assets or business, and the terms of the Business Combination) being reasonably acceptable to East Asset Management and on a requirement that such initial Business Combination is approved by a unanimous vote of the Company s board of directors. In determining whether a target is reasonably acceptable to East Asset Management, the Company expected that East Asset Management would consider many of the same criteria as the Company will consider but would also consider whether the investment is an appropriate investment for East Asset Management. The Forward Purchase Agreement is treated as a level 3 financial instrument under ASC 820. This agreement was terminated on December 2, 2022. Please refer to Note 10 for additional information. 
 
 Trust Extension 
 
 On July 25, 2022, the Company convened a special meeting of stockholders at which the First Extension Amendment Proposal was approved, extending the date by which the Company has to complete a Business Combination from July 27, 2022 to January 27, 2023. In connection with the special meeting, the Company provided the stockholders the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A common stock, and stockholders holding shares of Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. Consequently, approximately (approximately per share) was removed from the Trust Account to pay such redeeming holders. Additionally, in connection with the approval of the First Extension Amendment Proposal, the Company issued the First Extension Note in the principal amount of up to to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to . The First Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of the Company s Business Combination or (b) the date of the liquidation of the Company. In order to further extend the period the Company has to complete a Business Combination beyond July 27, 2022, an additional was deposited into the Trust Account commencing on July 27, 2022 and on the 27th of each subsequent month, or portion thereof, for each additional month that the Company requires to complete a Business Combination from July 27, 2022 until January 27, 2023. 
 
 Business Combination 
 
 On August 30, 2022, the Company, LMA Merger Sub, Abacus Merger Sub, LMA and Abacus, entered into (the Merger Agreement), pursuant to which, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions precedent in the Merger Agreement, (i) LMA Merger Sub will merge with and into LMA, with LMA surviving such merger as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and (ii) Abacus Merger Sub will merge with and into Abacus, with Abacus surviving such merger as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Proposed Business Combination is expected to be consummated in the first half of 2023, subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions. Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the aggregate merger consideration with respect to the holders of issued and outstanding limited liability company interests in LMA and Abacus will consist of approximately million, payable in a number of newly issued Company Class A common stock at a deemed value of per share, with a portion of the aggregate merger consideration payable in cash upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. 
 F-19 
 
 EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 million in such legal fees and million in advisory fees, these amounts are reflected in the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022. 
 shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company's board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 
 Class A Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, excluding the and shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. In connection with the special meeting convened on July 25, 2022 related to the First Extension Amendment Proposal, stockholders totaling shares of Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the Trust Account. 
 Class B Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 
 Common stockholders of record are entitled to for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of the Class A common stock and holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders, except as required by law. 
 The Class B common stock are identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, and holders of Class B common stock have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that (i) the Class B common stock are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) the Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Class B common stock and any Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (B) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Class B common stock held by them if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, (iii) the Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of a Business Combination, on a basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights and (iv) are subject to registration rights. If the Company submits a Business Combination to the public stockholders for a vote, the Sponsor has agreed to vote any Class B common stock held by it and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. 
 With certain limited exceptions, the shares of Class B common stock are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to the Company s officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the Sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) after the completion of a Business Combination or (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 
 
 F-20 
 
 EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) days after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) months from the closing of the Proposed Offering. The Public Warrants will expire from the completion of a Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 The Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have obligation to settle such Public Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue a share of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless the share of Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. 
 The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of a Business Combination, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration or redemption of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. In addition, if the shares of Class A common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of the Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company elects to do so, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but it will use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 
 Redemption of Warrants for Cash Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants for cash: 

in whole and not in part 

at a price of per warrant 

upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder and 

if, and only if, the last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

F-21 
 
 EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder and 

if, and only if, the last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted per share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) on the trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

 The exercise price and number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuance of Class A common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company's assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 
 In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of a Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the completion of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s shares of Class A common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company completes a Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the Public Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 and 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices described above adjacent to Redemption of Warrants For Cash and Redemption of Warrants For Shares of Class A Common Stock will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to and of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, respectively. 
 The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that (x) the Private Placement Warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions, (y) the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees and (z) the Private Placement Warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will be entitled to registration rights. If the Private Placement Warrants 
 F-22 
 
 EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 F-23 
 
 EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Startup and organizational expenses 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation Allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of allowance 

Deferred 

State and Local 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had , and of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers, which do not expire, available to offset future taxable income, respectively. 
 In assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was and , respectively. 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

- 

Merger costs 

- 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Change in fair value of forward purchase agreement liability 

Deferred underwriting fees 

- 

Valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

F-24 
 
 EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

1 

Liabilities: 

Warrant Liability Public Warrants 

1 

1 

Warrant Liability Private Placement Warrants 

2 

2 

Forward Purchase Agreement Liability 

3 

- 

3 

The Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants (collectively, the Warrants and forward purchase agreement were accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented separately in the condensed balance sheets. The warrant liabilities and forward purchase agreement liability are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented separately in the condensed statements of operations. 

Change in fair value of forward purchase agreement 

Cancelation of forward purchase agreement 

Level 3 Derivative liabilities as of December 31, 2022 

- 

Level 3 Derivative liabilities as of December 31, 2020 

Change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants 

Change in fair value of forward purchase agreement 

Transfer from Level 3 to Level 2 derivative Private Placement Warrants 

Level 3 Derivative liabilities as of December 31, 2021 

The subsequent measurements of the Public Warrants after the detachment of the Public Warrants from the Units on September 14, 2020 were classified as Level 1 due to the use of an observable market quote in an active market. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the Public Warrants from the Units, the close price of the Public Warrant price will be used as the fair value as of each relevant date. The Private Placement Warrants are considered to be a Level 2 fair value measurement and are valued the same as Public Warrant even though they are not traded on the market. The Private Placement Warrants were considered a Level 3 fair value measurement prior to Quarterly period ended September 30, 2021 using a binomial lattice model. The binomial lattice model s primary unobservable input utilized in determining the fair value of the Warrants is the expected volatility of the common 
 F-25 
 
 EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Investment liabilities as of December 31, 2022 

Derivative liabilities as of December 31, 2020 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 

The forward purchase agreement was valued using the publicly traded price of the Company s Units, based upon the fact that the Forward Purchase Units are equivalent to the Company s publicly traded Units, and the publicly traded price of the Units considered (i) the market s expectation of an initial Business Combination and (ii) the Company s redemption of the common stock within the Units at per shares if an initial Business Combination does not occur. The forward purchase agreement was terminated on December 2, 2022. 

Term to initial business combination (in years) 

0.5 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 

Change in fair value 

Cancelation of forward purchase agreement 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

- 

Fair value as of December 31, 2020 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 

shares of Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. Consequently, approximately (approximately per share) was 
 F-26 
 
 EAST RESOURCES ACQUISITION COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan us up to . The Second Extension Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of consummation of Company s Business Combination or (b) the date of liquidation of the Company. In order to further extend the period the Company has to complete a Business Combination beyond the 27th of a given month until July 27, 2023, the Sponsor will deposit an additional into the Trust Account commencing on January 27, 2023 and on the 27th of each subsequent month until July 27, 2023. As of April 17, 2023 , has been deposited into Trust Account by the Sponsor. 
 
 F-27 

<EX-10.17>
 2
 eresu-ex1017_117.htm
 EX-10.17

eresu-ex1017_117.htm

Exhibit 10.17 
 
 THIS PROMISSORY NOTE (THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ). THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE MAKER THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. 
 PROMISSORY NOTE 

Principal Amount: 1,500,000 
 
 Dated as of November 10, 2022 

Boca Raton, Florida 

East Resources Acquisition Company, a Delaware corporation (the Maker ), promises to pay to the order of East Sponsor, LLC or its registered assigns or successors in interest (the Payee ), or order, the principal sum of One Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 1,500,000) or such lesser amount as shall have been advanced by Payee to Maker and shall remain unpaid under this Note on the Maturity Date (as defined below) in lawful money of the United States of America, on the terms and conditions described below. On September 29, 2022 (the Effective Date ), Payee advanced to Maker the principal sum of One Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 1,500,000) to fund Maker s working capital requirements. This Note shall evidence Maker s obligation, effective as of the Effective Date, to pay to Payee the entire unpaid principal balance of this Note on the Maturity Date. All payments on this Note shall be made by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined by the Maker to such account as the Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Note. 
 1. Principal . The entire unpaid principal balance of this Note shall be payable on the consummation of the Maker s initial merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (a Business Combination (such date, the Maturity Date ). Payee understands that if a Business Combination is not consummated, this Note will not be repaid and all amounts owed hereunder will be forgiven except to the extent that the Maker has funds available to it outside of the Trust Account (as defined below). The principal balance of this Note may be prepaid at any time. Under no circumstances shall any individual, including but not limited to any officer, director, employee or shareholder of the Maker, be obligated personally for any obligations or liabilities of the Maker hereunder. 
 2. Interest . No interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 
 3. Application of Payments . All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any sum due under this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorney s fees, then to the payment in full of any late charges and finally to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 
 4. Events of Default . The following shall constitute an event of default Event of Default ): 

(a) 
 
 Failure to Make Required Payments . Failure by Maker to pay any principal amount due 

 pursuant to this Note within five (5) business days of the Maturity Date. 

b 
 
 Voluntary Bankruptcy, Etc. The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any 

 applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, rehabilitation or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of corporate action by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 

c 
 
 Involuntary Bankruptcy, Etc. The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having 

jurisdiction in the premises in respect of Maker in an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days. 
 5. Remedies . 

(a) 
 
 Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 4(a) hereof, Payee may, 

 by written notice to Maker, declare this Note to be due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable hereunder, shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding. 

b 
 
 Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 4(b) or 4(c) , the unpaid 

 principal balance of this Note, and all other sums payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without any action on the part of Payee. 
 6. Waivers . Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest, and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee under the terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property, real or personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under execution, or providing for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees that any real estate that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof, or any writ of execution issued hereon, may be sold upon any such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee. 
 7. Unconditional Liability . Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any other party, and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or consented to by Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee with respect to the payment or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may become parties hereto without notice to Maker or affecting Maker s liability hereunder. 
 8. Notices . All notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Note shall be made in writing and delivered: (i) personally or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission to the address designated in writing, (ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such other address or fax number as may be designated in writing by such party or (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided to such party or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication so transmitted shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt of written confirmation, if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or five (5) days after mailing if sent by mail. As of the date of this Note, the following addresses are designated for notices: Maker, 7777 NW Beacon Square Boulevard, Boca Raton, Florida 33487, Attn: Gary L. Hagerman, Jr., email: ghagerman@emslp.com; Payee, 7777 NW Beacon Square Boulevard, Boca Raton, Florida 33487, Attn: Gary L. Hagerman, Jr., email: ghagerman@emslp.com. 
 2 

9. Construction; Governing Law; Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial; Etc . THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF. MAKER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS NOTE, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE OR, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS NOTE SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE PAYEE OR ANY OTHER HOLDER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS NOTE AGAINST THE MAKER OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. THE MAKER WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL PROCESS UPON IT AND CONSENTS THAT ALL SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS BE MADE BY REGISTERED MAIL DIRECTED TO THE MAKER AT ITS ADDRESS SET FORTH IN SECTION 9 OR TO ANY OTHER ADDRESS AS MAY APPEAR IN THE PAYEE S OR SUCH OTHER HOLDER S RECORDS AS THE ADDRESS OF THE MAKER. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING IN RESPECT OF OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE, THE PAYEE AND THE MAKER WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY, AND EACH OF MAKER AND PAYEE WAIVES (I) THE RIGHT TO INTERPOSE ANY SET-OFF OR COUNTERCLAIM OF ANY NATURE OR DESCRIPTION, (II) ANY OBJECTION BASED ON FORUM NON CONVENIENS OR VENUE, AND (III) ANY CLAIM FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES . 
 10. Severability . Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 11. Trust Waiver . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind Claim in or to any distribution of or from the trust account (the Trust Account established in which the proceeds of the initial public offering (the IPO conducted by the Maker (including the deferred underwriters discounts and commissions) and the proceeds of the sale of the warrants issued in a private placement that occurred prior to the closing of the IPO were deposited, as described in greater detail in Maker s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-239677) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the IPO, and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. 
 12. Amendment; Waiver . Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent of the Maker and the Payee. 
 13. Assignment . No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall be void. 
 [ Signature page follows ] 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and year first above written. 

East Resources Acquisition Company 

By: 

/s/Gary L. Hagerman, Jr. 

Name: Gary L. Hagerman, Jr. 

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

[Signature Page to Promissory Note] 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-10.18>
 3
 eresu-ex1018_118.htm
 EX-10.18

eresu-ex1018_118.htm

Exhibit 10.18 
 
 Execution Version 
 THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED PROMISSORY NOTE (THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ). THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE MAKER THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED PROMISSORY NOTE 

Principal Amount: Up to 3,000,000 
 
 Dated as of January 31, 2023 

Boca Raton, Florida 

This Amended and Restated Promissory Note amends and restates that certain Promissory Note, dated as of November 10, 2022 (the Existing Note from East Resources Acquisition Company, a Delaware corporation (the Maker ), payable to the order of East Sponsor, LLC or its registered assigns or successors in interest (the Payee ). The terms, conditions and provisions of the Existing Note are hereby amended and restated in their entirety effective as of the date hereof so that henceforth the terms, conditions and provisions of the Existing Note shall read and be as set forth in this Note and Maker agrees to comply with and be subject to all of the terms, covenants and conditions of this Note effective as of the date hereof. Maker hereby acknowledges and agrees that this Note evidences the outstanding principal balance evidenced by the Existing Note, as amended and restated pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence, together with any additional draw down on the principal of this Note. Neither this Note nor anything contained herein shall be construed as a substitution or novation of the outstanding principal balance evidenced by the Existing Note or of the Existing Note, which shall remain in full force and effect as hereby amended and restated. Maker promises to pay to the order of Payee, or order, the principal sum of up to Three Million Dollars 3,000,000) or such lesser amount as shall have been advanced by Payee to Maker and shall remain unpaid under this Note on the Maturity Date (as defined below) in lawful money of the United States of America, on the terms and conditions described below. All payments on this Note shall be made by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined by the Maker to such account as the Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Note. 
 1. Principal . The entire unpaid principal balance of this Note shall be payable on the consummation of the Maker s initial merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (a Business Combination (such date, the Maturity Date ). Payee understands that if a Business Combination is not consummated, this Note will not be repaid and all amounts owed hereunder will be forgiven except to the extent that the Maker has funds available to it outside of the Trust Account (as defined below). The principal balance of this Note may be prepaid at any time. Under no circumstances shall any individual, including but not limited to any officer, director, employee or shareholder of the Maker, be obligated personally for any obligations or liabilities of the Maker hereunder. 
 2. Drawdown Requests . Maker and Payee agree that Maker may request, from time to time, up to Three Million Dollars 3,000,000) in draw downs under this Note to be used to fund Maker s working capital requirements. Principal of this Note may be drawn down from time to time prior to the Maturity Date upon written request from Maker to Payee (each, a Drawdown Request ). Each Drawdown Request must state the amount to be drawn down, and must not be an amount less than Ten Thousand Dollars 10,000). Payee shall fund each Drawdown Request no later than three (3) business days after receipt of a Drawdown Request; provided, however, that the maximum amount of drawdowns outstanding under this Note at any time may not exceed Three Million Dollars 3,000,000). No fees, payments or other amounts shall be due to Payee in connection with, or as a result of, any Drawdown Request by Maker. 
 3. Interest . No interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

4. Application of Payments . All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any sum due under this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorney s fees, then to the payment in full of any late charges and finally to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 
 5. Events of Default . The following shall constitute an event of default Event of Default ): 
 (a) Failure to Make Required Payments . Failure by Maker to pay any principal amount due pursuant to this Note within five (5) business days of the Maturity Date. 
 (b) Voluntary Bankruptcy, Etc. The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, rehabilitation or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of corporate action by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 
 (c) Involuntary Bankruptcy, Etc. The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of Maker in an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days. 
 6. Remedies . 
 (a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a) hereof, Payee may, by written notice to Maker, declare this Note to be due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable hereunder, shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding. 
 (b) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 5(b) or 5(c) , the unpaid principal balance of this Note, and all other sums payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without any action on the part of Payee. 
 7. Waivers . Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest, and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee under the terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property, real or personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under execution, or providing for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees that any real estate that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof, or any writ of execution issued hereon, may be sold upon any such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee. 
 8. Unconditional Liability . Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any other party, and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or consented to by Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee with respect to the payment or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may become parties hereto without notice to Maker or affecting Maker s liability hereunder. 
 9. Notices . All notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Note shall be made in writing and delivered: (i) personally or sent by first class registered or certified mail, 
 2 

overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission to the address designated in writing, (ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such other address or fax number as may be designated in writing by such party or (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided to such party or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication so transmitted shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt of written confirmation, if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or five (5) days after mailing if sent by mail. As of the date of this Note, the following addresses are designated for notices: Maker, 7777 NW Beacon Square Boulevard, Boca Raton, Florida 33487, Attn: Gary L. Hagerman, Jr., email: ghagerman@emslp.com; Payee, 7777 NW Beacon Square Boulevard, Boca Raton, Florida 33487, Attn: Gary L. Hagerman, Jr., email: ghagerman@emslp.com. 
 10. Construction; Governing Law; Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial; Etc . THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF. MAKER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS NOTE, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE OR, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS NOTE SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE PAYEE OR ANY OTHER HOLDER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS NOTE AGAINST THE MAKER OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. THE MAKER WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL PROCESS UPON IT AND CONSENTS THAT ALL SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS BE MADE BY REGISTERED MAIL DIRECTED TO THE MAKER AT ITS ADDRESS SET FORTH IN SECTION 8 OR TO ANY OTHER ADDRESS AS MAY APPEAR IN THE PAYEE S OR SUCH OTHER HOLDER S RECORDS AS THE ADDRESS OF THE MAKER. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING IN RESPECT OF OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE, THE PAYEE AND THE MAKER WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY, AND EACH OF MAKER AND PAYEE WAIVES (I) THE RIGHT TO INTERPOSE ANY SET-OFF OR COUNTERCLAIM OF ANY NATURE OR DESCRIPTION, (II) ANY OBJECTION BASED ON FORUM NON CONVENIENS OR VENUE, AND (III) ANY CLAIM FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES . 
 11. Severability . Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 12. Trust Waiver . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind Claim in or to any distribution of or from the trust account (the Trust Account established in which the proceeds of the initial public offering (the IPO conducted by the Maker (including the deferred underwriters discounts and commissions) and the proceeds of the sale of the warrants issued in a private placement that occurred prior to the closing of the IPO were deposited, as described in greater detail in Maker s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-239677) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the IPO, and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. 
 13. Amendment; Waiver . Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent of the Maker and the Payee. 
 3 

14. Assignment . No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall be void. 

4 

[ Signature page follows ] 

5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and year first above written. 

East Resources Acquisition Company 

By: 

/s/ Gary L. Hagerman, Jr. 

Name: Gary L. Hagerman, Jr. 

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

[ Signature Page to Amended and Restated Promissory Note ] 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 eresu-ex311_6.htm
 EX-31.1

eresu-ex311_6.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Terrence M. Pegula, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of East Resources Acquisition Company; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report , fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Terrence M. Pegula 

Terrence M. Pegula 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 eresu-ex312_8.htm
 EX-31.2

eresu-ex312_8.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Gary L. Hagerman, Jr., certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of East Resources Acquisition Company; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report , fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Gary L. Hagerman, Jr. 

Gary L. Hagerman, Jr. 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 eresu-ex321_9.htm
 EX-32.1

eresu-ex321_9.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of East Resources Acquisition Company (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Terrence M. Pegula 

Terrence M. Pegula 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 eresu-ex322_7.htm
 EX-32.2

eresu-ex322_7.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of East Resources Acquisition Company (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 17 , 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Gary L. Hagerman, Jr. 

Gary L. Hagerman, Jr. 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 eresu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 eresu-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 eresu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 eresu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 eresu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

