<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1529113_0001628280-23-011793.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20982600</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>565354</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2898249</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7739989</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4972448</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4465931</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-011793.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417164314
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-011793
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		159
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INPIXON
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001529113
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		IRS NUMBER:				880434915
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36404
		FILM NUMBER:		23824431

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2479 E. BAYSHORE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 195
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94303
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(408) 702-2167

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2479 E. BAYSHORE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 195
		CITY:			PALO ALTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94303

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sysorex Global
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160216

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sysorex Global Holdings Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130808

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sysorex Global Holding Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110901

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-011793.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 inpx-20221231.htm
 10-K

inpx-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ______________ to _______________ 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which each is registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 (Title of class) 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 x 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the issuer is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was based upon the closing price reported for such date on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 
 
 As of April 13, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

INPIXON 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT 
 ii 
 PART I 
 1 
 ITEM 1: BUSINESS 
 1 
 ITEM 1A: RISK FACTORS 
 9 
 ITEM 1B: UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 39 
 ITEM 2: PROPERTIES 
 39 
 ITEM 3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 39 
 ITEM 4: MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 39 
 PART II 
 40 
 ITEM 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 40 
 ITEM 6: [RESERVED] 
 40 
 ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 40 
 ITEM 7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 59 
 ITEM 8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 F- 1 
 ITEM 9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 80 
 ITEM 9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 80 
 ITEM 9B: OTHER INFORMATION 
 81 
 ITEM 9C: DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 82 
 PART III 
 83 
 ITEM 10: DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 83 
 ITEM 11: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 88 
 ITEM 12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 96 
 ITEM 13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 97 
 ITEM 14: PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 101 
 PART IV 
 103 
 ITEM 15: EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 103 
 ITEM 16: FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 103 
 SIGNATURE 
 104 

i 

Table of Contents 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND OTHER INFORMATION 
 CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT 
 This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future events. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. You can find many (but not all) of these statements by looking for words such as approximates, believes, hopes, expects, anticipates, estimates, projects, intends, plans, would, should, could, may, or other similar expressions in this report. In particular, these include statements relating to future actions; prospective products, anticipated expenses, applications, customers and technologies; future performance or results of anticipated products; and projected expenses and financial results. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and our present expectations or projections. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 
 our history of losses; 
 our ability to achieve profitability; 
 our limited operating history with recent acquisitions; 
 the possibility that anticipated tax treatment and benefits of the spin-off of our enterprise apps business and subsequent Business Combination (defined below) may not be achieved; 
 risks related to our recent acquisitions, the spin-off of our enterprise apps business and subsequent Business Combination that recently closed or any other strategic transactions that we may undertake; 
 our ability to successfully integrate companies or technologies we acquire; 
 emerging competition and rapidly advancing technology in our industry that may outpace our technology; 
 customer demand for the products and services we develop; 
 the impact of competitive or alternative products, technologies and pricing; 
 our ability to manufacture or deliver any products we develop; 
 general economic conditions and events and the impact they may have on us and our potential customers, including, but not limited to increases in inflation rates and rates of interest, supply chain challenges, increased costs for material and labor, cybersecurity attacks, other lingering impacts resulting from COVID-19, and the Russia/Ukraine conflicts; 
 our ability to obtain adequate financing in the future as needed; 
 our ability to consummate strategic transactions which may include acquisitions, mergers, dispositions involving us and any of our business units or other strategic investments; 
 our ability to attract, retain and manage existing customers; 
 our ability to maintain compliance with the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market; 
 lawsuits and other claims by third parties or investigations by various regulatory agencies that we may be subjected to and are required to report, including but not limited to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 
 ii 

Table of Contents 

our success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing items; 
 impact of any changes in existing or future tax regimes; and 
 other factors discussed in this report. 
 The forward-looking statements are based upon management s beliefs and assumptions and are made as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements included in this report. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 
 This report also contains or may contain estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry and our business, including data regarding the estimated size of our markets and their projected growth rates. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information. Unless otherwise expressly stated, we obtained these industry, business, market and other data from reports, studies and similar data prepared by third parties, industry and general publications, government data and similar sources. In some cases, we do not expressly refer to the sources from which these data are derived. 
 Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, the terms Inpixon we, us, our and the Company refer collectively to Inpixon and, where appropriate, its subsidiaries. 
 Note Regarding Reverse Stock Split 
 The Company effected a reverse stock split of its authorized and issued and outstanding common stock, par value 0.001, at a ratio of 1-for-75, effective as of October 7, 2022 (the Reverse Stock Split ), for the purpose of complying with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). We have reflected the Reverse Stock Split herein, unless otherwise indicated. 
 iii 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1: BUSINESS 
 Introduction 
 
 Inpixon is the Indoor Intelligence company. Our solutions and technologies help organizations create and redefine exceptional experiences that enable smarter, safer and more secure environments. Inpixon customers can leverage our real-time positioning, mapping, and analytics technologies to achieve higher levels of productivity and performance, increase safety and security, improve worker and employee satisfaction rates and drive a more connected work environment. We have focused our corporate strategy on being the primary provider of the full range of foundational technologies needed to form a comprehensive suite of solutions that make indoor data available and actionable to organizations and their employees. Together, our technologies allow organizations to create and utilize the digital twin of a physical location and to deliver enhanced experiences in their current environment and in the metaverse. 
 
 Inpixon specializes in providing real-time location systems (RTLS) for the industrial sector. As the manufacturing industry has evolved, RTLS technology has become a crucial aspect of Industry 4.0. Our RTLS solution leverages cutting-edge technologies such as IoT, AI, and big data analytics to provide real-time tracking and monitoring of assets, machines, and people within industrial environments. With our RTLS, businesses can achieve improved operational efficiency, enhanced safety and reduced costs. By having real-time visibility into operations, industrial organizations can make informed, data-driven decisions, minimize downtime, and ensure compliance with industry regulations. With our RTLS, industrial businesses can transform their operations and stay ahead of the curve in the digital age. 
 
 Inpixon's full-stack industrial IoT solution provides end-to-end visibility and control over a wide range of assets and devices. It's designed to help organizations optimize their operations and gain a competitive edge in today's data-driven world. The turn-key platform integrates a range of technologies, including RTLS, sensor networks, edge computing, and big data analytics, to provide a comprehensive view of an organization's operations. We help organizations to track the location and status of assets in real-time, identify inefficiencies, and make decisions that drive business growth. Our IoT stack covers all the technology layers, from the edge devices to the cloud. It includes hardware components such as sensors and gateways, a robust software platforms for data management and analysis, and a user-friendly dashboard for real-time monitoring and control. Our solutions also offer robust security features, to help ensure the protection of sensitive data. Additionally, Inpixon's RTLS provides scalability and flexibility, allowing organizations to easily integrate it with their existing systems and add new capabilities as their needs evolve. 
 
 In addition to our Indoor Intelligence technologies and solutions, we also offer: 
 
 Digital solutions (eTearsheets; eInvoice, adDelivery) or cloudbased applications and analytics for the advertising, media and publishing industries through our advertising management platform referred to as Shoom by Inpixon; and 
 
 A comprehensive set of data analytics and statistical visualization solutions for engineers and scientists referred to as SAVES by Inpixon. 
 
 We report financial results for three segments: Indoor Intelligence, Shoom and SAVES. For Indoor Intelligence, we generate revenue from sales of hardware, software licenses and professional services. For Shoom and SAVES we generate revenue from the sale of software licenses. 
 
 Products and Services 
 
 Indoor Intelligence 
 
 Our Indoor Intelligence offerings consist of the following software and hardware products. 
 
 Industrial RTLS SaaS Platform - Our full stack offering in the Industrial IoT space includes an enterprise class, multi-technology RTLS IoT platform for industrial automation. Inpixon s RTLS IoT platform is a comprehensive real-time IoT 
 1 

Table of Contents 

solution for the implementation of industrial RTLS (track trace) applications for indoor and outdoor areas, such as vehicle localization, production tracking, yard management, gate allocation, forklift location (MHE), real-time route optimization, and the automatic identification (AutoID) and booking of goods and material flows. In addition to real-time data applications for the digital twin, it also provides smart real-time location analyses from a single platform suite, enabling companies to identify significant process optimizations and make data-based decisions. Prebuilt modules offered within the platform include smart factory, smart warehouse, inventory manager, shipment manager, and yard manager. The digital twin of a physical space facilitates use cases for facility management, security safety, customer or worker experiences, asset tracking and more. 
 
 IoT Devices, Sensors and Tags - Our RTLS asset tracking hardware includes a full end-to-end portfolio of IoT sensors (also known as nodes or anchors) and tracking tags to track assets or personnel. This portfolio leverages our own products for ultra-wideband (UWB) and chirp spread spectrum (CSS) and GPS while incorporating support for third party integrated BLE, RFID and LiDAR solutions. In the security space, a version of our sensor enables detection of cellular, Wi-Fi and BLE signals that is combined with UWB to offer security and high value asset tracking solutions. Chirp technology is effective for longer range communication while UWB is an important RF standard for pinpoint asset tracking. Organizations across many different industries can leverage the accuracy, low-latency, and reliability of both technologies to track the real-time location and status of key assets and equipment, with precision. Users can display and track the static location and movement of assets and asset attribute information within a space on indoor maps. 
 
 Transceivers/Modules - The Inpixon nanoLOC transceiver is a low-power, highly integrated mixed-signal chip. This 2.4 GHz long range CSS transceiver transmits and receives wireless data packets for robust wireless communications, ranging capabilities, and real-time location determination. Inpixon's chirp leverages a patented, Inpixon-owned technology and offers range comparable to Wi-Fi systems with accuracy of BLE or UWB in some scenarios. Supporting a freely adjustable center frequency with three non-overlapping frequency channels, amongst others, the Inpixon nanoLOC enables multiple physically independent networks and improved coexistence with existing 2.4 GHz wireless technologies. This product is also available in a module form to allow easier integration for our partners and integrators. 
 
 Video Integration Our RF video solution uses IoT analytics data and allows direct integration with leading Video Management Systems (VMS) and CCTV to provide visual track and trace of assets or to quickly allow video to aid security personnel in an emergency situation. This solution builds upon the accurate mapping solutions while adding analytics and precise RTLS data. 
 
 Analytics and Insights - Our cloud-based analytics platform allows data from multiple sensors and data sources to be visualized for action by the customer. Our platforms can engage with data from our IoT sensors, mobile apps, third-party sensors and data that is ingested via an application programming interface (API) or data import. Analytics enable, for instance, factory operators to visualize and analyze the flow of products through the facility to address bottlenecks and improve efficiency and productivity. 
 
 Augmented Reality (AR) and 3D - Our augmented reality solutions allow us to easily scan a space and subsequently attach AR content persistently to any position in the world. The technology can also be used for visual asset tracking without beacons or markers as well as digital twin creation and manipulation. Using SLAM combined with innovative technologies offers tools to help enable augmented reality and metaverse capabilities for their business. 
 
 Wireless Device Detection for Security Our wireless detection and positioning solutions help cultivate situational awareness and identify security risks by leveraging sensors with proprietary technology that can detect and position active cellular, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and UWB signals throughout a venue. This solution allows for the positioning of people and assets homogeneously as they travel in a controlled space and empowers customers to make key decisions around security, risk mitigation and public safety, at scale. Utilizing various radio signal technologies permits device positioning with accuracy ranging from several meters down to approximately thirty centimeters, depending on the product deployed and conditions in the indoor space. The technology allows for detailed understanding of space and resource utilization, and in security applications it enables detection and identification of authorized and unauthorized devices, prevention of rogue devices through alerts based on rules when unknown devices are detected in restricted areas and asset tracking with centimeter level precision. 
 
 Enterprise Apps - Our indoor intelligence segment for the reporting period covered by this report also includes the smart office app, events and mapping solution which comprised the enterprise apps line of products offering enhanced employee experiences with a holistic location aware customer branded employee app for a smart, innovative and connected workplace. This suite of products and solutions was spun off in connection with the separation of our enterprise apps business 
 2 

Table of Contents 

effective as of March 14, 2023. (See " Corporate History " below and Recent Events - Enterprise Apps Spin-off and Business Combination under Part II, Item 7 herein for more information). 
 
 Shoom 
 
 With Shoom Digital Solutions we offer comprehensive digital solutions or cloud-based applications and analytics for the media and publishing industry, including eTearsheets and eInvoice. eTearsheets provides both advertiser and publication users with an advertising analytics tool kit for accessing single ads or entire campaigns across multiple publications. eTearsheets seamlessly with existing PDF workflows, merging users PDF pages with ad data, creating links to the ads, and sending an option e-mail to advertisers containing a link to their ad pages. Users can access the site on their desktop, tablet or mobile devices, and need only internet access and a standard browser. eInvoice is a hosted, web-based solution offering email notifications, seamless interaction with eTearsheets and dynamic invoice searching. 
 
 SAVES 
 
 Through our SAVES product line we offer a comprehensive set of data analytics and statistical visualization software solutions for engineers and scientists. The suite of data analytics and statistical visualization tools includes SigmaPlot, SigmaStat, SYSTAT, PeakFit, TableCurve 2D, TableCurve 3D, SigmaScan and MYSTAT. 
 
 Product Enhancements 
 
 Our ability to adapt to the technological advancements within our industry is critical to our long-term success and growth. As a result, our executive management must continuously work to ensure that they remain informed and prepared to quickly adapt and leverage new technologies within our product and service offering as such technologies become available. In connection with that goal, our product roadmap development plans include expanding the use of both UWB and CSS technology for precise asset tracking, furthering our efforts towards 3D mapping, with a specific focus on light detection and ranging (LiDAR) and AR features, innovation in our machine learning algorithms for our positioning engines, and understanding worldwide 5G deployments to enhance our detection and positioning capabilities. 
 
 Positioning Innovation Powered by Machine Learning 
 
 In 2023, we intend to continue to expand our use of machine learning and artificial intelligence AI to improve positioning accuracy, reliability and range which would provide additional benefits to existing customers and unlock new opportunities for our technology. Following these enhancements, we believe our products will be able to assist in providing predictive, more accurate, bidirectional location information to secure and optimize our deployments using hardware that includes iOS and Android smartphones, IoT sensors, access points or BLE beacons. 
 
 5G 
 
 Building on research and development (R D) efforts in 2022, we intend to continue to study the worldwide 5G deployments, both public and private, to identify a robust hardware and software solution to detect and position new handsets based on this technology and explore software defined radio solutions, as well as enhancements in antenna technology to provide our customers with additional capabilities in the security field. This is a complex challenge and we are working with partners and customers to understand requirements, use cases and solutions. 
 
 Analytics and Insights 
 
 Inpixon Analytics on-premises or in the cloud, along with specially-optimized algorithms and industry specific dashboards that are intended to provide better visibility, predictive maintenance, process optimization, security and safety, and data-driven decision-making. Improved visibility gives real-time locations and status of assets, people, and equipment both indoors and outdoors. By collecting and analyzing data from RTLS systems, organizations gain insights from asset movements and use this information to optimize their operations. Predictive maintenance reduces downtime and maintenance costs, as well as improve the lifespan of equipment. Process optimization helps improve productivity, reduce costs, and enhance customer satisfaction. Security and safety helps prevent accidents, reduce the risk of theft, and enhance the overall safety of employees 
 3 

Table of Contents 

and customers. Data-driven decision making by analyzing data from RTLS systems, organizations gains a better understanding of their operations, identify areas for improvement, and make data-driven decisions that drive business value. 
 
 Augmented Reality and Digital Twin 
 
 Inpixon AR and digital twin technologies multiplies the capabilities of RTLS solutions by providing real-time visualization aided with meta data, remote monitoring, simulation and testing, predictive maintenance, collaboration, and training, all of which can help optimize operations and improve efficiency. AR helps visualize the real-time location of assets, people, and equipment in the physical world, overlaid with digital information such as asset status, maintenance history, and other relevant data. This can provide a more intuitive and efficient way for operators to understand and interact with the physical world. In addition, digital twin features can enable remote monitoring of assets and equipment, providing a virtual representation of the physical world that can be accessed from anywhere to monitor assets and equipment in real-time and make informed decisions based on the data gathered. Digital twin technology can also enable simulation and testing of scenarios in a virtual environment, allowing our customers to test different configurations and optimize their operations without the need for physical experimentation. Finally, AR and digital twin technologies can facilitate collaboration and training by providing a shared virtual environment where operators can train and work together remotely. 
 
 Corporate Strategy 
 
 In order to continue to respond to rapid changes and required technological advancements, as well as increase our shareholder value, we are exploring strategic transactions and opportunities that we believe will enhance shareholder value. Our board of directors has authorized a review of strategic alternatives, including a possible asset sale, merger with another company or spin-off of one or more of our business units. We will also be opportunistic and may consider other strategic and/or attractive transactions, which may include, but not be limited to other alternative investment opportunities, such as minority investments, joint ventures or special purpose acquisition companies. If we make any acquisitions in the future, we expect that we may pay for such acquisitions with cash, equity securities and/or debt in combinations appropriate for each acquisition. In September of 2022, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger in connection with the spin-off and sale of our enterprise apps business which was consummated on March 14, 2023. (See " Corporate History " below and Recent Events - Enterprise Apps Spin-off and Business Combination under Part II, Item 7 herein for more details). In addition, we have entered into a non-binding letter of intent and are in the due diligence stages with another third party in connection with a potential transaction involving the remainder of our business. We may enter into one or more additional non-binding letters of intent in connection with our due diligence and evaluation process. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 
 Our future plans include investments in research and development and related product enhancement opportunities. Our management believes that we must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to research and development efforts to maintain a competitive position. Our products intersect many emerging fields including metaverse, augmented reality, occupancy planning, industry 4.0, smart cities, and more, and we continue to innovate and patent new methods to solve problems for our customers. Research and development expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled approximately 17.7 million and 14.1 million, respectively. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Inpixon sales channels include direct sales as well as indirect sales through channel partners including original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), integrators, resellers and distributors. Indirect sales partners may provide a range of pre- and post-sales services to Inpixon customers including system design, installation, commissioning and service. 
 Direct sales representatives are compensated with a base salary and, in certain circumstances, may participate in incentive plans such as commissions or bonuses. 
 Inpixon markets its products through industry-focused as well as account-based marketing strategies which utilize SEO, advertising, social media, trade shows, conferences, webinars and other media. 
 
 Our Inpixon products are primarily sold on a license (up-front one-time fee) or SaaS model. In our licensing model, we also typically charge an annual maintenance fee. The SaaS model is typically for a 2-3 year contract and includes maintenance 
 4 

Table of Contents 

upgrades. The SaaS model generates a recurring revenue stream. Our Shoom product is on a monthly subscription model based on 2-3 year contracts. SAVES products are sold as annual or perpetual licenses along with maintenance subscriptions. 
 Customers 
 
 Inpixon's RTLS offerings which include real-time location tracking, collision avoidance and wireless device detections are used around the world in automotive factories, heavy equipment factories, logistics and distribution warehouses, mining operations, government and military buildings, and corporate offices. Shoom solutions customers are primarily found in the advertising, media and publishing industries. SAVES solutions are used by engineers and scientists in a variety of industries including environmental sciences, behavioral sciences, medical research and engineering. 
 
 Our top three customers accounted for approximately 19 and 16 of our gross revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During 2022 no customer accounted for more than 10 of our gross revenue, and two customers accounted for 7 of our gross revenue in 2022 and one customer accounted for 8 of our gross revenue in 2021. From time to time, one or two customers can represent a significant portion of our revenue as a result of one-time projects. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Our business is characterized by innovation and rapid change. Our RTLS Indoor Intelligence products compete with companies such as Aruba, Cisco, Juniper Networks/Mist Systems, Ubisense, Sewio, Kinexon, Zebra Technologies and other mostly vertical focused RTLS companies. Some competitors determine positioning primarily using BLE or Wi-Fi and, therefore, we believe they cannot achieve the same accuracy that we do and so cannot meet some customers' needs. Many Inpixon competitors are focused on one technology and/or vertical and, at this time, we believe none of them have as complete an offering of tags, anchors, positioning, engine, software, integrations and analytics. 
 We believe we offer a unique and differentiated approach to the market with our industrial RTLS which is: 
 Comprehensive . We offer full-stack RTLS solutions which seamlessly integrates tracking tags, anchors, sensors, positioning engine, software, and connections to third-party systems. We integrate a myriad of indoor data inputs and outputs. With a single platform we can support a multitude of use cases across numerous industries in both the private and public sector. 
 Scalable . Our solutions are built to support customers expanding needs and use cases. Unlike many other competitive point-solutions, we can offer expansion paths and support for a wide variety of location-based use cases at large, multi-size, global enterprises. Our multi-layered depiction of indoor data allows users to see the information most relevant to their role, in the optimal format for them (e.g., charts, tables, maps, etc.). 
 Technology-agnostic and open . We embrace an ecosystem of hardware, software, integration and distribution partners welcoming integration and synchronization with third party data and systems in combination with our platform. Our open architecture is designed to enable the integration of disparate technologies, preserve investment and avoid obsolescence. APIs and MQTT make it possible to move data in and out of our platform to enable a plethora of opportunities and benefits. 
 
 MerlinOne and PressTeligence compete with the functionality of our Shoom products, but typically provide information only for the specific customer and not for the customer s competitors or for the industry. 
 
 Originlab and Graphpad Prism are the main competitors of our SAVES products. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 To establish and protect our proprietary rights, we rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, including know-how, license agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements with third parties, employee disclosure and invention assignment agreements, and other contractual rights. We do not believe that our proprietary 
 5 

Table of Contents 

technology is dependent on any single patent or copyright or groups of related patents or copyrights. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our products. 
 
 Our SAVES products are sold pursuant to an exclusive, world-wide, fully transferable, royalty free, 15 year ("License Term") license and distribution agreement (the "Systat License Agreement") with Cranes Software International Ltd. Cranes and Systat Software, Inc. Systat and together with Cranes, the Systat Parties pursuant to which we were granted (a) an exclusive, worldwide license to use, modify, develop, market and distribute the SYSTAT software suite of products related source code, user documentation and associated intellectual property and (b) an exclusive, worldwide sub-license to use, modify, develop, market and distribute the Sigma Plot suite of software, related source code, user documentation and associated intellectual property licensed to Systat by Cranes. In addition, we were also granted with an exclusive, worldwide, fully transferable, royalty free license to create derivative works and improvements, modifications, enhancements, changes, or corrections to the underlying software, source code and documentation during the License Term ("Modification"). We own title to any Modifications. 
 
 In connection with the Enterprise Apps Spin-off and the terms of the Separation Agreement (defined below), each of Inpixon and CXApp have granted the other party a limited worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty free, fully paid up, perpetual license (the Licensee to use, practice and otherwise exploit such intellectual property (with certain exceptions) that is owned, controlled or purported to be owned or controlled by the other party (the Licensor to the extent used, practiced or otherwise exploited in the business of the Licensee during the twelve (12) months prior to the separation or is reasonably anticipated to be used after the separation for the conduct of any business of the Licensee as conducted on or prior to the separation and reasonably anticipated extension or evolutions thereof that are not substitutes for any product or service of the Licensor. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 In general, we are subject to numerous federal, state and foreign legal requirements on matters as diverse as data privacy and protection, employment and labor relations, immigration, taxation, anticorruption, import/export controls, trade restrictions, internal and disclosure control obligations, securities regulation and anti-competition. 
 Violations of one or more of these diverse legal requirements in the conduct of our business could result in significant fines and other damages, criminal sanctions against us or our officers, prohibitions on doing business and damage to our reputation. Violations of these regulations or contractual obligations related to regulatory compliance in connection with the performance of customer contracts could also result in liability for significant monetary damages, fines and/or criminal prosecution, unfavorable publicity and other reputational damage, restrictions on our ability to compete for certain work and allegations by our customers that we have not performed our contractual obligations. To date, compliance with these regulations has not been financially burdensome. 
 Employees 
 As of March 20, 2023, we have 203 employees, including 6 part-time employees, which includes all employees of our subsidiaries. This includes 3 officers, 28 sales personnel, 9 marketing personnel, 137 technical and engineering personnel and 26 finance, legal and administration personnel. 
 Corporate History 
 We were originally formed in the State of Nevada in April 1999. Prior to the spin-off in August 2018 of our wholly owned subsidiary, Sysorex, Inc. Sysorex ), our business was primarily focused on providing information technology and telecommunications solutions and services to commercial and government customers primarily in the United States. The product and service offerings included enterprise infrastructure solutions for business operations, continuity, data protection, software development, collaboration, IT security, and physical security needs, including, third party hardware, software and related maintenance and warranty products and services resold from well-known brands and information technology development and implementation professional services. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

On August 31, 2018, we completed the spin-off of Sysorex to separate our legacy enterprise infrastructure solution business from our indoor intelligence business. 
 On May 21, 2019, we completed the acquisition of 100 of the outstanding capital stock of Locality Systems, Inc. Locality ), including its wireless device positioning and RF augmentation of video surveillance systems through our subsidiary, Inpixon Canada. The video management system VMS integration, which is currently available for a number of VMS vendors, can assist security personnel in identifying potential suspects and tracking their movements cross-camera and from one facility to another. The solution is designed to enhance traditional security video feeds by correlating RF signals with video images. 
 On June 27, 2019, we acquired a portfolio of GPS technologies and IP, including, but not limited to (a) an IP portfolio that includes a registered patent, along with more than 20 pending patent applications or licenses to registered patents or pending applications relating to GPS technologies; (b) a smart school safety network solution that consists of a combination of wristbands, gateways and proprietary backend software, which rely on the Bluetooth Low-Energy protocol and a low-power enterprise wireless 2.4Ghz platform, to help school administrators identify the geographic location of students or other people or things (e.g., equipment, vehicles, tools, etc.) in order to, among other things, ensure the safety and security of students while at school; (c) a personnel equipment tracking system and ground personnel safety system, which includes a combination of hardware and software components, for a GPS and RF based personnel, vehicle and asset-tracking solution designed to provide ground situational awareness and near real-time surveillance of personnel and equipment traveling within a designated area for, among other things, government and military applications and (d) a right to 30 of royalty payments that may be received by GTX in connection with its ownership interest in Inventergy LBS, LLC, which is the owner of certain patents related to methods and systems for communicating with a tracking device. 
 On August 15, 2019, we acquired our Inpixon Mapping product in connection with the acquisition of Jibestream, Inc. ("Jibestream") which was amalgamated into Inpixon Canada on January 1, 2020. 
 On October 31, 2019, we received stockholder approval for, and subsequently effected, a reverse split of our outstanding common stock at a ratio of 1-for-45, effective as of January 7, 2020 for the purpose of complying with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). 
 On June 19, 2020, we acquired an exclusive license to use, market, distribute, and develop the SYSTAT and SigmaPlot software suite of products (referred to as SAVES pursuant to an Exclusive Software License and Distribution Agreement, by and among the Company, Cranes Software International Ltd. Cranes") and Systat Software, Inc. Systat and, together with Cranes, the Systat Parties ), as amended on June 30, 2020 and February 22, 2021 (as amended, the License Agreement ). In connection with the License Agreement, we received an exclusive, worldwide license to use, modify, develop, market, sublicense and distribute the SAVES software, software source, user documentation and related Systat Intellectual Property (as defined in License Agreement) (the License and an option to acquire the assets underlying the License (the Purchase Option ). On February 22, 2021, we exercised the Purchase Option for a portion of the assets including certain of the SAVES software, trademarks, solutions, domain names and websites. 
 On August 19, 2020, we entered into an agreement with Ten Degrees Inc. TDI ), Ten Degrees International Limited TDIL ), mCube International Limited MCI ), and the holder of a majority of the outstanding capital of TDIL and mCube, Inc., and the sole shareholder of 100 of the outstanding capital stock of MCI mCube, together with TDI, TDIL, and MCI collectively, the Transferors to acquire a suite of on-device blue-dot indoor location and motion technologies, including patents, trademarks, software and related intellectual property from the Transferors. 
 On October 6, 2020, we acquired all of the outstanding shares of Nanotron Nanotron Shares through our wholly-owned subsidiary Inpixon GmbH, pursuant to a Share Sale and Purchase Agreement with Nanotron Technologies GmbH, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Germany Nanotron ), and Sensera Limited Sensera ), the sole shareholder of Nanotron. As a result of the acquisition, our asset tracking and RTLS business expanded to include offering wireless location awareness technology for consumers, for solutions such as locating and tracking a pet, livestock, child, or property, while transmitting the data into a useable format. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

On March 25, 2021, we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the GYG Purchase Agreement with Game Your Game, Inc., a Delaware corporation GYG ), and certain selling shareholders (the Selling Shareholders ), pursuant to which we acquired an aggregate of 522,000 shares of common stock of GYG (the GYG Shares ), representing 55.4 of the outstanding shares of common stock of GYG. GYG s business consists of developing and providing solutions using sports data and analytics. 
 
 On April 23, 2021 we entered into an asset purchase agreement (the Asset Purchase Agreement with Visualix GmbH i.L. (the Visualix ), its founders (each, a Founder, and collectively, the Founders ), and Future Energy Ventures Management GmbH FEVM pursuant to which we acquired substantially all of thr Visualix assets including certain computer vision, robust localization, large-scale navigation, mapping, and 3D reconstruction technologies (collectively, the AR Technology ), the intellectual property and patent applications underlying the AR Technology. 
 
 On April 30, 2021, we acquired over 99.9 of the outstanding capital stock of Design Reactor, Inc., a California corporation The CXApp ), the provider of a leading SaaS app platform that enables corporate enterprise organizations to provide a custom-branded, location-aware employee app focused on enhancing the workplace experience and hosting virtual and hybrid events pursuant to the terms of a Stock Purchase Agreement. On May 10, 2021, we acquired the remaining interest of The CXApp. 
 
 On December 9, 2021, through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Nanotron Technologies GmbH, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Germany, we entered into a Share Sale and Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with the shareholders of IntraNav GmbH, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Germany IntraNav ), pursuant to which we acquired 100 of the outstanding capital stock (the IntraNav Shares of IntraNav, a leading industrial IoT IIoT ), real-time location system RTLS ), and sensor data services provider. 
 
 On September 25, 2022, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") by and among Inpixon, KINS Technology Group Inc., a Delaware corporation (renamed CXApp Inc., "KINS" or "New CXApp"), CXApp Holding Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of New CXApp (formerly a wholly-owned subsidiary of Inpixon, "CXApp"), and KINS Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of KINS ("Merger Sub"), pursuant to which KINS would acquire Inpixon's enterprise apps business (including its workplace experience technologies, indoor mapping, events platform, augmented reality and related business solutions) (the "Enterprise Apps Business") through the merger of Merger Sub with and into CXApp (the Merger ), with CXApp continuing as the surviving company and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of KINS, in exchange for the issuance of shares of KINS capital stock valued at 69 million (the "Business Combination"). Immediately prior to the Merger and pursuant to a Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2022, among KINS, Inpixon, Design Reactor, Inc., a California corporation ("Design Reactor") and CXapp (the "Separation Agreement"), and other ancillary conveyance documents, Inpixon would, among other things and on the terms and subject to the conditions of the Separation Agreement, transfer the Enterprise Apps Business, including certain related subsidiaries of Inpixon, including Design Reactor, to CXApp (the "Reorganization"). Following the Reorganization, Inpixon would distribute 100 of the common stock of CXApp, par value 0.00001, to certain holders of Inpixon securities as of the record date of March 6, 2023 (the "Enterprise Apps Spin-Off"). 
 
 On March 14, 2023, we completed the Enterprise Apps Spin-off and subsequent Business Combination (the "Closing") In connection with the Closing, KINS was renamed CXApp Inc. New CXApp ). Pursuant to the Transaction Agreements, Inpixon contributed to CXApp cash and certain assets and liabilities constituting the Enterprise Apps Business, including certain related subsidiaries of Inpixon, to CXApp (the Contribution ). In consideration for the Contribution, CXApp issued to Inpixon additional shares of CXApp common stock such that the number of shares of CXApp common stock then outstanding equaled the number of shares of CXApp common stock necessary to effect the Distribution. Pursuant to the Distribution, Inpixon shareholders as of the Record Date received one share of CXApp common stock for each share of Inpixon common stock held as of such date. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each share of Legacy CXApp common stock was thereafter exchanged for the right to receive 0.09752221612415190 of a share of New CXApp Class A common stock (with fractional shares rounded down to the nearest whole share) and 0.3457605844401750 of a share of New CXApp Class C common stock (with fractional shares rounded down to the nearest whole share). New CXApp Class A common stock and New CXApp Class C common stock are identical in all respects, except that New CXApp Class C common stock is not listed and will automatically convert into New CXApp Class A common stock on the earlier to occur of (i) the 180th day following the closing of the Merger and (ii) the day that the last reported sale price of New CXApp Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period following the closing of the Merger. Upon the closing of the 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Transactions, Inpixon s existing securityholders held approximately 50.0 of the shares of New CXApp common stock outstanding. The transaction is expected to be tax-free to Inpixon and its stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 On March 15, 2023, New CXApp began regular-way trading on NASDAQ under the ticker symbol CXAI. Inpixon continues to trade under the ticker symbol INPX. 
 
 Effective as of October 7, 2022, we effected a reverse stock split of our authorized and issued and outstanding common stock at a ratio of 1-for-75, for the purpose of complying with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). 
 
 Corporate Information 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had seven operating subsidiaries: (i) Inpixon Canada, Inc. (100 ownership) based in Toronto, Canada Inpixon Canada (ii) Inpixon Limited (100 ownership) based in Slough, United Kingdom; (iii) Inpixon GmbH (100 ownership) based in Ratingen, Germany; (iv) Design Reactor, Inc. (The CXApp) (100 ownership); (v) Game Your Game, Inc., based in Palo Alto, CA (55.4 ); (vi) Inpixon India Limited (82.5 ownership) based in Hyderabad, India; and (vii) Inpixon Philippines, Inc. (99.97 ownership), based in Manila, Philippines. In addition, Active Mind Technology Ltd. and Active Mind Technology R D, both based in Galway, Ireland, are indirect subsidiaries of the Company and the wholly-owned subsidiaries of Game Your Game Inc. Nanotron Technologies GmBh ("Nanotron"), based in Berlin, Germany is an indirect subsidiary of the Company and the wholly owned subsidiary of Inpixon GmbH and IntraNav GmbH, based in Eschborn, Germany ("IntraNav") is an indirect subsidiary of the Company and the wholly owned subsidiary of Nanotron. In connection with the Enterprise Apps Spin-off, the following subsidiaries were disposed of: Inpixon Canada, Inc., Design Reactor, Inc. (The CXApp) and Inpixon Philippines, Inc. 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 2479 E. Bayshore Road, Suite 195, Palo Alto, CA 94303, and our telephone number is (408) 702-2167. As of December 31, 2022, our subsidiaries maintained offices in Toronto, Ontario, Hyderabad, India, Berlin Germany, Ratingen, Germany, Eschborn, Germany, Manila, Philippines and Slough, UK. Our Internet website is www.inpixon.com. The information on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of this report, and you should not rely on any such information in making any investment decision relating to our common stock. 
 
 ITEM 1A: RISK FACTORS 
 We are subject to various risks and uncertainities that may materially harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. An investment in our common stock is speculative and involves a high degree of risk. In evaluating an investment in shares of our common stock, you should carefully consider the risks described below, together with the other information included in this report. 
 If any of the events described in the following risk factors actually occurs, or if additional risks and uncertainties later materialize, that are not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, then our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and investors in our common stock may lose all or part of their investment in our shares. The risks discussed below include forward-looking statements, and our actual results may differ substantially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 
 The following summarizes the risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and stock price. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk factor contained below. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Operations 
 
 W e have completed several strategic transactions, which may make it difficult for potential investors to evaluate our future business, and, due to the risks and uncertainties related to the acquisition of new businesses, any such acquisition does not guarantee that we will be able to attain profitability. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

We may not be able to successfully integrate the business and operations of entities that we have acquired or may acquire in the future into our ongoing business operations. 
 The risks arising with respect to the historic business and operations of our recent acquisition targets may be different from what we anticipate, which could significantly increase the costs and decrease the benefits of the acquisition and materially and adversely affect our operations going forward. 
 The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic could adversely affect us, and the extent to which the effects of the pandemic will impact us remains uncertain. 
 Our ability to successfully execute our business plan may require additional debt or equity financing, which may otherwise not be available on reasonable terms or at all. 
 Failure to manage or protect growth may be detrimental to our business because our infrastructure may not be adequate for expansion. 
 We have a history of operating losses and working capital deficiency and there is no assurance that we will be able to achieve profitability or raise additional financing. 
 Any future acquisitions that we may make could disrupt our business, cause dilution to our stockholders and harm our business, financial condition or operating results. 
 We have been subject to regulatory and other government or regulatory investigations or inquiries and may be required to comply with data requests, or requests for information by government authorities and regulators in the United States or other jurisdictions in which we operate and any resulting enforcement action could have a materially adverse effect on us. 
 If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property rights, our business may be harmed. 
 The growth of our business is dependent on increasing sales to our existing customers and obtaining new customers, which, if unsuccessful, could limit our financial performance. 
 Changes in the value of the common stock or other securities that we own as a result of strategic investments may result in material fluctuations (increases or decreases) in our total asset value and net income on a quarterly basis. 
 
 Risks Related to the Business Combination and the Enterprise Apps Spin-off 
 The anticipated benefits of the Business Combination may not be achieved. 
 The Separation and Distribution may expose Inpixon to potential liabilities arising out of legal dividend requirements. 
 The Spin-off could give rise to disputes or other unfavorable effects, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Securities 
 
 Our common stock may be delisted from the Nasdaq Capital Market which could negatively impact the price of our common stock, liquidity and our ability to access the capital markets. 
 Our stock price may be volatile. 
 Sales of our common stock or other securities, or the perception that future sales may occur, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline, even if our business is doing well. 
 We do not intend to pay cash dividends to our stockholders, so it is unlikely that stockholders will receive any return on their investment in our Company prior to selling our stock. 
 If we fail to establish and maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately or prevent fraud. Any inability to report and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our reputation and adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 Some provisions of Nevada law, our Articles of Incorporation and bylaws may deter takeover attempts, which may inhibit a takeover that stockholders consider favorable and limit the opportunity of our stockholders to sell their shares at a favorable price. 
 Risks Related to Our Operations 
 We have had a strategic acquisition strategy and since 2014 have completed several strategic transactions including acquisitions and dispositions. We completed the spin-off of our VAR business in August 2018, which included our legacy value added reseller business and the Enterprise Apps Spin-off in March 2023, which may make it difficult for potential investors to evaluate our future business. Furthermore, due to the risks and uncertainties related to the acquisition of new businesses, any such acquisition does not guarantee that we will be able to attain profitability. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

We have a strategic acquisition strategy and since 2014 we completed several strategic transactions and spin-offs. In August 2018, we completed the spin-off of our VAR business, and in 2019 we completed several other acquisition transactions to expand our product portfolio. In 2020, we acquired the Nanotron business, an exclusive license for the distribution and marketing of the SAVES software expanding our operations in the United Kingdom and Germany. In 2021, we acquired 100 of the outstanding capital stock of IntraNav GmbH, an industrial IoT (IIoT), real-time location system (RTLS), and sensor data services provider and 100 of the outstanding capital stock of Design Reactor, Inc. In 2023, we completed the spin-off of our enterprise apps business. Our limited operating history after such acquisitions and divestiture makes it difficult for potential investors to evaluate our business or prospective operations or the merits of an investment in our securities. With respect to the Enterprise Apps Spin-off, the risks inherent in such divestiture are described below under Risks Related to the Business Combination and the Enterprise Apps Spin-off . With respect to acquisitions, we are subject to the risks inherent in the financing, expenditures, complications and delays characteristic of a newly combined business. These risks are described below under the risk factor titled Any future acquisitions that we may make could disrupt our business, cause dilution to our stockholders and harm our business, financial condition or operating results. In addition, while the Company has received indemnification protections in connection with these acquisitions from undisclosed liabilities, there may not be adequate resources to cover such indemnity. Furthermore, there are risks that the vendors, suppliers and customers of any of the businesses we have acquired may not renew their relationships for which there is no indemnification. Accordingly, our business and success faces risks from uncertainties inherent to developing companies in a competitive environment. There can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful or that we will ultimately be able to attain profitability. 
 We may not be able to successfully integrate the business and operations of entities that we have acquired or may acquire in the future into our ongoing business operations, which may result in our inability to fully realize the intended benefits of these acquisitions, or may disrupt our current operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and/or results of operations. 
 We continue to integrate the technology and operations acquired in connection with our recent acquisitions, including but not limited to the Nanotron technology and operations. This process involves complex operational, technological and personnel-related challenges, which are time-consuming and expensive and may disrupt our ongoing business operations. Furthermore, integration involves a number of risks, including, but not limited to: 
 difficulties or complications in combining the companies operations; 
 differences in controls, procedures and policies, regulatory standards and business cultures among the combined companies; 
 the diversion of management s attention from our ongoing core business operations; 
 increased exposure to certain governmental regulations and compliance requirements; 
 the potential increase in operating costs; 
 the potential loss of key personnel; 
 the potential loss of key customers or suppliers who choose not to do business with the combined business; 
 difficulties or delays in consolidating the acquired companies technology platforms, including implementing systems designed to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting for the combined company and enable the Company to continue to comply with U.S. GAAP and applicable U.S. securities laws and regulations; 
 unanticipated costs to successfully integrate operations, technologies, personnel of acquired businesses and other assumed contingent liabilities; 
 difficulty comparing financial reports due to differing financial and/or internal reporting systems; 
 11 

Table of Contents 

making any necessary modifications to internal financial control standards to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and/or 
 possible tax costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating the operations of the combined company. 
 These factors could cause us to not fully realize the anticipated financial and/or strategic benefits of the acquisitions and the recent reorganization, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 
 Even if we are able to successfully operate the acquired businesses, we may not be able to realize the revenue and other synergies and growth that we anticipated from these acquisitions in the time frame that we currently expect, and the costs of achieving these benefits may be higher than what we currently expect, because of a number of risks, including, but not limited to: 
 the possibility that the acquisition may not further our business strategy as we expected; 
 the possibility that we may not be able to expand the reach and customer base for the acquired companies' current and future products as expected; 
 the possibility that we may have entered a market with no prior experience and may not succeed in the manner expected; and 
 the possibility that the carrying amounts of goodwill and other purchased intangible assets may not be recoverable. 
 As a result of these risks, the acquisitions and integration may not contribute to our earnings as expected, we may not achieve expected revenue synergies or our return on invested capital targets when expected, or at all, and we may not achieve the other anticipated strategic and financial benefits of the acquisitions and the reorganization. 
 The risks arising with respect to the historic business and operations of our recent acquisition targets may be different from what we anticipate, which could significantly increase the costs and decrease the benefits of the acquisition and materially and adversely affect our operations going forward. 
 Although we performed significant financial, legal, technological and business due diligence with respect to our recent acquisition targets, we may not have appreciated, understood or fully anticipated the extent of the risks associated with the acquisitions. We have secured indemnification for certain matters in connection with our recent acquisitions in order to mitigate the consequences of breaches of representations, warranties and covenants under the merger agreements and the risks associated with historic operations, including those with respect to compliance with laws, accuracy of financial statements, financial reporting controls and procedures, tax matters and undisclosed liabilities, and certain matters known to us. We believe that the indemnification provisions of the merger agreements, together with any applicable holdback escrows and insurance policies that we have in place will limit the economic consequences of the issues we have identified in our due diligence to acceptable levels. Notwithstanding our exercise of due diligence and risk mitigation strategies, the risks of acquiring target companies with historic businesses and operations may expose us to unknown or contingent liabilities and the costs associated with these risks may be greater than we anticipate causing material and adverse impact on our business, liquidity, capital resources or results of operations. 
 The lasting effects of the COVID-19 pandemic could adversely affect our business, operations, financial condition and results of operations, and the extent to which the effects of the pandemic will impact our business, operations, financial condition and results of operations remains uncertain. 
 
 While the unprecedented challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic over the last few years are subsiding, there continue to be lasting effects that may continue to result in significant volatility and business and economic disruptions and uncertainty. We have taken steps to protect our employees and we continue to operate all of our services, but the extent to which the remaining effects of the pandemic will impact our business, operations, financial condition and results of operations 
 12 

Table of Contents 

is uncertain, and hard to predict and will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to control or predict including: 
 
 the duration and scope of the pandemic; 
 
 the extent to which the national, local and regional government authorities would have taken action to control and prevent the spread of more contagious or lethal variants that may emerge; 
 
 the extent and effectiveness of responsive actions by authorities and the impact of these and other factors on our employees, customers and vendors; 
 
 the impact of the pandemic on our employees, including key personnel; 
 
 the extent to which we are able to maintain and replace critical internet infrastructure components, when necessary; 
 
 any disruption of our supply chain and the impact of such disruptions on our suppliers or our ability to deliver products and services to our customers; 
 
 our continued ability to execute on business continuity plans for the maintenance of our critical internet infrastructure, while most of our employees continue to work remotely; and 
 
 any negative impact on the demand for our services and products resulting from the economic disruption caused by the pandemic and responses thereto. 
 
 If we are unable to successfully respond to and manage the impact of the pandemic, and the resulting responses to it, our business, operations, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
 
 The ongoing impact of the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine has resulted in an increase in the likelihood of supply chain constraints, contributed to inflation driving up the cost of material and labor required to make our products, the effects of which remains uncertain and may have a material adverse impact on our business, operations and financial conditions. 
 
 The ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine has increased the likelihood of supply interruptions which may hinder our ability to find the materials we need to make our products. Supply disruptions are making it harder for us to find favorable pricing and reliable sources for the materials we need, putting upward pressure on our costs and increasing the risk that we may be unable to acquire the materials and services we need to continue to make certain products. The wider implications of the conflict have contributed to inflation driving up the costs of labor and materials required to make our products. The fluidity and continuation of the conflict may result in additional economic sanctions and other impacts which could have a negative impact on the Company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, including decreased sales; supply chain and logistics disruptions; volatility in foreign exchange rates and interest rates; inflationary pressures on materials and labor; and heightened cybersecurity threats. The overall impact on our business of these events continues to remain uncertain and there are no assurances that we will be able to continue to experience the same growth or not be materially adversely affected. 
 
 A significant portion of the purchase price related to our strategic acquisitions are allocated to goodwill and intangible assets that are subject to periodic impairment evaluations. An impairment loss could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 A significant portion of the purchase price related to our strategic acquisitions are allocated to goodwill and intangible assets that are subject to periodic impairment evaluations. An impairment loss could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. As of December 31, 2022 we had no goodwill and the net book value of our intangible assets is approximately 22.3 million in connection with the various acquisitions that we have consummated. 
 
 As required by current accounting standards, we review intangible assets for impairment either annually or whenever changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The risk of impairment to goodwill is higher during the early years following an acquisition. This is because the fair values of these assets align very closely with what we paid to 
 13 

Table of Contents 

acquire the reporting units to which these assets are assigned. As a result, the difference between the carrying value of the reporting unit and its fair value (typically referred to as headroom is smaller at the time of acquisition. Until this headroom grows over time, due to business growth or lower carrying value of the reporting unit, a relatively small decrease in reporting unit fair value can trigger impairment charges. When impairment charges are triggered, they tend to be material due to the size of the assets involved. Our business could be adversely affected, and impairment of goodwill could be triggered, if any of the following were to occur: higher attrition rates than planned as a result of the competitive environment or our inability to provide products and services that are competitive in the marketplace, lower-than-planned adoption rates by customers, higher-than-expected expense levels to provide services to customers, sustained declines in our stock price and related market capitalization and changes in our business model that may impact one or more of these variables. D uring the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we recorded a goodwill and intangibles impairment charge of 12.2 million and 14.8 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 our goodwill was fully impaired. 
 Our ability to successfully execute our business plan may require additional debt or equity financing, which may otherwise not be available on reasonable terms or at all. 
 Based on our current business plan, we will need additional capital to support our operations, which may be satisfied with additional debt or equity financings. Future financings through equity offerings by us will be dilutive to existing stockholders. In addition, the terms of securities we may issue in future capital transactions may be more favorable to new investors than our current investors. Newly issued securities may include preferences, superior voting rights, and the issuance of warrants or other derivative securities. We may also issue incentive awards under our equity incentive plans, which may have additional dilutive effects. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses in connection with certain securities we may issue in the future such as convertible notes and warrants, which would adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to obtain needed financing may be impaired by factors, including the condition of the economy and capital markets, both generally and specifically in our industry, and the fact that we are not profitable, which could affect the availability or cost of future financing. If the amount of capital we are able to raise from financing activities, together with our revenues from operations, is not sufficient to satisfy our capital needs, we may need to reduce our operations by, for example, selling certain assets or business segments. 
 Failure to manage or protect growth may be detrimental to our business because our infrastructure may not be adequate for expansion. 
 Since its formation, our Company has grown significantly with increases in employee headcounts, product lines, physical locations across several countries, and managing of multiple relationships as well as interactions with users, distributors, vendors and other third parties. Our acquisitions may require substantial expansion of our systems, workforce and facilities and our corporate strategy includes plans for continued acquisitions of complementary technologies and businesses in furtherance of our growth plans. We may fail to adequately manage our anticipated future growth. The substantial growth in our operations as a result of our acquisitions has, and is expected to continue to, place a significant strain on our administrative, financial and operational resources, and increase demands on our management and on our operational and administrative systems, controls and other resources. There can be no assurance that our systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support our operations as they expand. We cannot assure you that our existing personnel, systems, procedures or controls will be adequate to support our operations in the future or that we will be able to successfully implement appropriate measures consistent with our growth strategy. As part of this growth, we may have to implement new operational and financial systems, procedures and controls to expand, train and manage our employee base, and maintain close coordination among our staff. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to do so, or that if we are able to do so, we will be able to effectively integrate them into our existing staff and systems. 
 Our corporate strategy contemplates potential future acquisitions and to the extent we acquire other businesses, we will also need to integrate and assimilate new operations, technologies and personnel. The integration of new personnel will continue to result in some disruption to ongoing operations. The ability to effectively manage growth in a rapidly evolving market requires effective planning and management processes. We will need to continue to improve operational, financial and managerial controls, reporting systems and procedures, and will need to continue to expand, train and manage our work force. There can be no assurance that the Company would be able to accomplish such an expansion on a timely basis. If the Company is unable to effect any required expansion and is unable to perform its contracts on a timely and satisfactory basis, its reputation and eligibility to secure additional contracts in the future could be damaged. The failure to perform could also result in contract 
 14 

Table of Contents 

terminations and significant liability, and prompt the Company to restructure the organization or abandon the business of an acquired business. Any such result would adversely affect the Company s business and financial condition. 
 We have a history of operating losses and working capital deficiency and there is no assurance that we will be able to achieve profitability or raise additional financing. 
 We have a history of operating losses and working capital deficiency. We have incurred net losses attributable to the stockholders of Inpixon of approximately 63.4 million and 69.2 million for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This decrease in loss of approximately 5.8 million was primarily attributable to the higher gross margin of 2.3 million, decreased operating expenses of 13.7 million, larger non-controlling interest of 1.9 million offset by greater other losses of 10.9 million and lower income tax benefit of 1.3 million. The continuation of our Company is dependent upon attaining and maintaining profitable operations and raising additional capital as needed, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise any further financing. 
 Our ability to generate positive cash flow from operations is dependent upon sustaining certain cost reductions and generating sufficient revenues. While our revenues have increased by 21 as compared to the same period for 2021, they are not sufficient to fund our operations and cover our operating losses. Our management is evaluating options and strategic transactions and continuing to market and promote our new products and technologies, however, there is no guarantee that these efforts will be successful or that we will be able to achieve or sustain profitability. We have funded our operations primarily with proceeds from public and private offerings of our common stock and secured and unsecured debt instruments. Our history of operating losses and cash uses, our projections of the level of cash that will be required for our operations to reach profitability, and the terms of the financing transactions that we completed in the past, may impair our ability to raise capital on terms that we consider reasonable and at the levels that we will require over the coming months. We cannot provide any assurances that we will be able to secure additional funding from public or private offerings or debt financings on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain the requisite amount of financing needed to fund our planned operations, it would have a material adverse effect on our business and ability to continue as a going concern, and we may have to curtail, or even to cease, certain operations. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of equity securities or convertible debt securities, it will be dilutive to our stockholders and could result in a decrease in our stock price. 
 
 Our business depends on experienced and skilled personnel, and if we are unable to attract and integrate skilled personnel, it will be more difficult for us to manage our business and complete contracts. 
 The success of our business depends on the skill of our personnel. Accordingly, it is critical that we maintain, and continue to build, a highly experienced management team and specialized workforce, including those who create software programs and sales professionals. Competition for personnel with skill sets specific to our industry is high, and identifying candidates with the appropriate qualifications can be costly and difficult. We may not be able to hire the necessary personnel to implement our business strategy given our anticipated hiring needs, or we may need to provide higher compensation or more training to our personnel than we currently anticipate. 
 Our business is labor intensive and our success depends on our ability to attract, retain, train, educate, and motivate highly skilled employees, including employees who may become part of our organization in connection with our acquisitions. The increase in demand for consulting, technology integration and managed services has further increased the need for employees with specialized skills or significant experience in these areas. Our ability to expand our operations will be highly dependent on our ability to attract a sufficient number of highly skilled employees and to retain our employees and the employees of companies that we have acquired. We may not be successful in attracting and retaining enough employees to achieve our desired expansion or staffing plans. Furthermore, the industry turnover rates for these types of employees are high and we may not be successful in retaining, training or motivating our employees. Any inability to attract, retain, train and motivate employees could impair our ability to adequately manage and complete existing projects and to accept new customer engagements. Such inability may also force us to increase our hiring of independent contractors, which may increase our costs and reduce our profitability on customer engagements. We must also devote substantial managerial and financial resources to monitoring and managing our workforce. Our future success will depend on our ability to manage the levels and related costs of our workforce. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

In the event we are unable to attract, hire and retain the requisite personnel and subcontractors, we may experience delays in completing contracts in accordance with project schedules and budgets, which may have an adverse effect on our financial results, harm our reputation and cause us to curtail our pursuit of new contracts. Further, any increase in demand for personnel may result in higher costs, causing us to exceed the budget on a contract, which in turn may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results and harm our relationships with our customers. 
 Any future acquisitions that we may make could disrupt our business, cause dilution to our stockholders and harm our business, financial condition or operating results. 
 If we are successful in consummating acquisitions, those acquisitions could subject us to a number of risks, including, but not limited to: 
 the purchase price we pay and/or unanticipated costs could significantly deplete our cash reserves or result in dilution to our existing stockholders; 
 we may find that the acquired company or technologies do not improve our market position as planned; 
 we may have difficulty integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired company, as the combined operations will place significant demands on the Company s management, technical, financial and other resources; 
 key personnel and customers of the acquired company may terminate their relationships with the acquired company as a result of the acquisition; 
 we may experience additional financial and accounting challenges and complexities in areas such as tax planning and financial reporting; 
 we may assume or be held liable for risks and liabilities (including environmental-related costs) as a result of our acquisitions, some of which we may not be able to discover during our due diligence investigation or adequately adjust for in our acquisition arrangements; 
 our ongoing business and management s attention may be disrupted or diverted by transition or integration issues and the complexity of managing geographically or culturally diverse enterprises; 
 we may incur one-time write-offs or restructuring charges in connection with the acquisition; 
 we may acquire goodwill and other intangible assets that are subject to amortization or impairment tests, which could result in future charges to earnings; and 
 we may not be able to realize the cost savings or other financial benefits we anticipated. 
 We cannot assure you that, following any acquisition, our continued business will achieve sales levels, profitability, efficiencies or synergies that justify the acquisition or that the acquisition will result in increased earnings for us in any future period. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Any future disposition of assets and business could have material and adverse effect on business, financial conditions, and operations, if not consummated in a timely manner. 
 As part of our corporate strategy, our management considers and evaluates opportunities involving dispositions of assets and business. Such transactions may expose us to unknown or unforeseeable challenges resulting in disruption of business operations, loss of key personnel and ongoing tax benefits treatment, failure to obtain necessary statutory and regulatory approvals, provide ongoing indemnity, and compliance with post-closing obligations, which may affect or prevent us from consummating the transactions, and have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, and operations. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Insurance and contractual protections may not always cover lost revenue, increased expenses or liquidated damages payments, which could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Although we maintain insurance and intend to obtain warranties from suppliers, obligate subcontractors to meet certain performance levels and attempt, where feasible, to pass risks we cannot control to our customers, the proceeds of such insurance or the warranties, performance guarantees or risk sharing arrangements may not be adequate to cover lost revenue, increased expenses or liquidated damages payments that may be required in the future. 
 We have outstanding debt. Such indebtedness, along with the other contractual commitments of our Company, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 As of March 26, 2023 we have an outstanding principal and interest balance of approximately 6.7 million underlying the promissory note issued to a holder which matures on July 22, 2023 (the "July 2022 Note") and an outstanding principal and interest balance of approximately 8.6 million underlying the promissory note issued to the same holder which matures December 30, 2023 (the "December 2022 Note"). 
 
 In addition, the noteholder may require us to redeem (i) 1/3 of the initial principal balance of the July 2022 Note and (ii) 1/6 of the initial principal balance of the December 2022 Note plus any interest accrued under the December 2022 Note each month in cash beginning on the date that is 6 months from the original issue date. The ability to meet payment and other obligations under these notes depends on our ability to generate significant cash flow in the future. This, to some extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control as described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If we are not able to generate sufficient cash flow to service our debt obligations, we may need to refinance or restructure debt, exchange debt for other securities, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments, or seek to raise additional capital. If we are unable to implement one or more of these alternatives, we may not be able to meet debt payment and other obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 In addition, so long as these notes are outstanding, the holders will have a right of first refusal on certain equity-linked financings and will be entitled to participate in certain equity or debt financings, in each case, subject to certain exceptions. The existence of these rights may deter potential financing sources and may lead to delays in our ability to close proposed financings. Any delay or inability to complete a financing when needed could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 We may also incur additional indebtedness in the future. If new debt or other liabilities are added to our current consolidated debt levels, the related risks that we now face could intensify. 
 If we were deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Under Sections 3(a)(1)(A) and (C) of the 1940 Act, a company generally will be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the 1940 Act if (1) it is, or holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities or (2) it engages, or proposes to engage, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. In the past, we have made strategic investments in certain securities, including the purchase of certain interests in Cardinal Venture Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company CVH ), which owns certain interests in the sponsor entity to KINS Technology Group Inc., a former special purpose acquisition company with which the Company entered into the Business Combination, as well as our holdings in Sysorex and Foxo Technologies Inc. Although we have made these strategic investments, we do not currently believe that we are an investment company, as such term is defined in either of those sections of the 1940 Act. 
 
 We intend to conduct our operations so that we will not be deemed an investment company. However, if we were to be deemed an investment company, restrictions imposed by the 1940 Act, including limitations on our capital structure and our ability to transact with affiliates, could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Our Chief Executive Officer and director, Nadir Ali, and certain other employees and members of our management team have an interest in CVH that may create, or appear to create, conflicts of interest. 
 
 Certain employees and members of our management team have an equity interest in CVH. In addition, Nadir Ali, our Chief Executive Officer and director, is also a controlling member of 3AM, LLC which is a member of CVH, which may, in certain circumstances, be entitled to manage the affairs of CVH. Mr. Ali s relationship may create, or appear to create, conflicts of interest between Mr. Ali s obligations to our company and its shareholders and his economic interests and possible fiduciary obligations in CVH through 3AM. For example, Mr. Ali may be in a position to influence or manage the affairs of CVH in a manner that may be viewed as contrary to the best interests of either the Company or CVH and their respective stakeholders. 
 We may be subject to damages resulting from claims that the Company or our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers. 
 Upon completion of any acquisitions by the Company, we may be subject to claims that our acquired companies and their employees may have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of former employers or competitors. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. We may be subject to unexpected claims of infringement of third party intellectual property rights, either for intellectual property rights of which we are not aware, or for which we believe are invalid or narrower in scope than the accusing party. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. If we fail in defending such claims, in addition to paying money claims, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel or be enjoined from selling certain products or providing certain services. A loss of key research personnel or their work product could hamper or prevent our ability to commercialize certain products, which could severely harm our business. 
 We have been subject to regulatory and other government or regulatory investigations or inquiries under national, regional and local laws, as amended from time to time, and may be required to comply with data requests, or requests for information by government authorities and regulators in the United States or other jurisdictions in which we operate and any resulting enforcement action could have a materially adverse effect on us. 
 As a publicly trading reporting company with operations in the United States and internationally, we interact regularly with regulatory and self-regulatory agencies in the United States or other jurisdictions in which we operate, including the SEC and the Nasdaq Stock Market. We have been and may in the future be the subject of SEC and other regulatory investigations and may be required to comply with informal or formal orders or other requests for information or documentation from such government authorities and regulators regarding our compliance with national, regional and local laws and regulations, including the rules and regulations under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. Such laws and regulations and their interpretation and applications may also change from time to time. Responding to requests for information from regulators in connection with any such investigations or inquiries could have a materially adverse effect on our business through, among other things, significantly increased legal fees and the time and attention required of the Company s management and employees to be diverted from our normal business operations and growth plans. Moreover, if a regulator were to initiate an enforcement action against us, such any action could further consume our resources, require us to change our business practices and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Adverse judgments or settlements in legal proceedings could materially harm our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 
 We may be a party to claims that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business, which may include those related to, for example, contracts, sub-contracts, protection of confidential information or trade secrets, adversary proceedings arising from customer bankruptcies, employment of our workforce and immigration requirements or compliance with any of a wide array of state and federal statutes, rules and regulations that pertain to different aspects of our business. Additionally, we may be made a party to future claims resulting from the Enterprise Apps Spin-off or Business Combination as described below under the risk factor section titled Risks Related to the Business Combination and the Enterprise Apps Spin-off. We may also be required to initiate expensive litigation or other proceedings to protect our business interests. There is a risk that we will not be successful or otherwise be able to satisfactorily resolve any such claims or litigation. In addition, litigation and other legal claims are subject to inherent uncertainties. Those uncertainties include, but are not limited to, litigation costs and attorneys fees, unpredictable judicial or jury decisions and the differing laws and judicial proclivities 
 18 

Table of Contents 

regarding damage awards among the states in which we operate. Unexpected outcomes in such legal proceedings, or changes in management s evaluation or predictions of the likely outcomes of such proceedings (possibly resulting in changes in established reserves), could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Due to recurring losses and net capital deficiency, our current financial status may increase our default and litigation risks and may make us more financially vulnerable in the face of threatened litigation. 
 The loss of our Chief Executive Officer or other key personnel may adversely affect our operations. 
 Our success depends to a significant extent upon the operation, experience, and continued services of certain of our officers, including our CEO, as well as other key personnel. While our CEO and key personnel are employed under employment contracts, there is no assurance we will be able to retain their services. The loss of our CEO or several of the other key personnel could have an adverse effect on the Company. If our CEO or other executive officers were to leave we would face substantial difficulty in hiring a qualified successor and could experience a loss in productivity while any successor obtains the necessary training and experience. Furthermore, we do not maintain key person life insurance on the lives of any executive officer and their death or incapacity would have a material adverse effect on us. The competition for qualified personnel is intense, and the loss of services of certain key personnel could adversely affect our business. 
 Internal system or service failures could disrupt our business and impair our ability to effectively provide our services and products to our customers, which could damage our reputation and adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 
 Any system or service disruptions, on our hosted Cloud infrastructure or those caused by ongoing projects to improve our information technology systems and the delivery of services, if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated, could have a material adverse effect on our business including, among other things, an adverse effect on our ability to bill our customers for work performed on our contracts, collect the amounts that have been billed and produce accurate financial statements in a timely manner. We are also subject to systems failures, including network, software or hardware failures, whether caused by us, third-party service providers, invasions, disruptions, cyber security threats, hacker attacks, natural disasters, power shortages, terrorist attacks or other events, which could cause loss of data and interruptions or delays in our business, cause us to incur remediation costs, subject us to claims and damage our reputation. In addition, the failure or disruption of our communications or utilities could cause us financial or reputational damage, interrupt or suspend our operations, subject us to legal action and increased regulatory oversight, or otherwise adversely affect our business. Our property and business interruption insurance may be inadequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur as a result of any system or operational failure or disruption and, as a result, our future results could be adversely affected. 
 Systems failures could damage our reputation and adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 
 Many of the systems and networks that we develop, install and maintain for our customers on premise or host on our infrastructure involve managing and protecting confidential information and other sensitive corporate and government information. While we have programs designed to comply with relevant privacy and security laws and restrictions, if a system or network that we develop, install or maintain were to fail or experience a security breach or service interruption, whether caused by us, third-party service providers, shutdowns due to hardware failures, hacker attacks, cyber security threats or other events, we may experience loss of revenue, remediation costs or face claims for damages or contract termination. Any such event could cause serious harm to our reputation and prevent us from having access to or being eligible for further work on such systems and networks. Our errors and omissions liability insurance may be inadequate to compensate us for all of the damages that we may incur and, as a result, our future results could be adversely affected. 
 We may enter into joint venture, teaming and other arrangements, and these activities involve risks and uncertainties. A failure of any such relationship could have material adverse results on our business and results of operations. 
 We may enter into joint venture, teaming and other arrangements. These activities involve risks and uncertainties, including the risk of the joint venture or applicable entity failing to satisfy its obligations, which may result in certain liabilities to us for guarantees and other commitments, the challenges in achieving strategic objectives and expected benefits of the business arrangement, the risk of conflicts arising between us and our partners and the difficulty of managing and resolving such conflicts, and the difficulty of managing or otherwise monitoring such business arrangements. A failure of our business relationships could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Our business and operations expose us to numerous legal and regulatory requirements and any violation of these requirements could harm our business. 
 We are subject to numerous federal, state and foreign legal requirements on matters as diverse as data privacy and protection, employment and labor relations, immigration, taxation, anti-corruption, import/export controls, trade restrictions, internal control and disclosure control obligations, securities regulation and anti-competition. Compliance with diverse and changing legal requirements is costly, time-consuming and requires significant resources. We are also focused on expanding our business in certain identified growth areas, such as health information technology, energy and environment, which are highly regulated and may expose us to increased compliance risk. Violations of one or more of these diverse legal requirements in the conduct of our business could result in significant fines and other damages, criminal sanctions against us or our officers, prohibitions on doing business and damage to our reputation. Violations of these regulations or contractual obligations related to regulatory compliance in connection with the performance of customer contracts could also result in liability for significant monetary damages, fines and/or criminal prosecution, unfavorable publicity and other reputational damage, restrictions on our ability to compete for certain work and allegations by our customers that we have not performed our contractual obligations. 
 If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property rights, we may experience a loss of revenue and our operations and growth prospects may be materially harmed. 
 We have not registered copyrights on any of the software we have developed, and while we may register copyrights in the software if needed before bringing suit for copyright infringement, such registration can introduce delays before suit of over three years and can constrain damages for infringement. We rely upon confidentiality agreements signed by our employees, consultants and third parties to protect our intellectual property. We cannot assure you that we can adequately protect our intellectual property or successfully prosecute actual or potential infringement of our intellectual property rights. In addition, we cannot assure you that others will not copy or reproduce aspects of our intellectual property and our products, or that others will not assert rights in, or ownership of, trademarks and other proprietary rights of ours or that we will be able to successfully resolve these types of conflicts to our satisfaction. Our failure to protect our intellectual property rights may result in a loss of revenue and could materially adversely affect our operations and financial condition. 
 In addition, any patents issued in the future may not provide us with any competitive advantages, and our patent applications may never be granted. The process of obtaining patent protection is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. Even if issued, there can be no assurance that these patents will adequately protect our intellectual property, as the legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of patent and other intellectual property rights are complex and often uncertain and are subject to change that can affect validity of patents issued under previous legal standards, particularly with respect to the law of subject matter eligibility. Our inability to protect our property rights could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and growth prospects. 
 Our proprietary software is protected by common law copyright laws, as opposed to registration under copyright statutes. We have not registered copyrights on any of the proprietary software we have developed. Our performance and ability to compete are dependent to a significant degree on our proprietary technology. Common law protection may be narrower than that which we could obtain under registered copyrights. As a result, we may experience difficulty in enforcing our copyrights against certain third party infringements. As part of our confidentiality-protection procedures, we generally enter into agreements with our employees and consultants and limit access to, and distribution of, our software, documentation and other proprietary information. There can be no assurance that the steps we have taken will prevent misappropriation of our technology or that agreements entered into for that purpose will be enforceable. The laws of other countries may afford us little or no protection of our intellectual property. We also rely on a variety of technology that we license from third parties. There can be no assurance that these third party technology licenses will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. The loss of or inability to maintain or obtain upgrades to any of these technology licenses could result in delays in completing software enhancements and new development until equivalent technology could be identified, licensed or developed and integrated. Any such delays would materially and adversely affect our business. 
 The growth of our business is dependent on increasing sales to our existing customers and obtaining new customers, which, if unsuccessful, could limit our financial performance. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Our ability to increase revenues from existing customers by identifying additional opportunities to sell more of our products and services and our ability to obtain new customers depends on a number of factors, including our ability to offer high quality products and services at competitive prices, meeting customers' needs and expectations, the strength of our competitors and the capabilities of our sales and marketing departments. If we are not able to continue to increase sales of our products and services to existing customers or to obtain new customers in the future, we may not be able to increase our revenues and could suffer a decrease in revenues as well. 
 Decreases, or slow growth, in the newspaper publishing industry may negatively affect our results from operation as it relates to our Shoom products. 
 The newspaper industry as a whole is experiencing challenges to maintain and grow print circulation and revenues. This results from, among other factors, increased competition from other media, particularly the growth of electronic media, and shifting preferences among some consumers to receive all or a portion of their news other than from a newspaper. The customer base for our Shoom products is focused on the newspaper publishing industry and therefore sales from this operating sector will be subject to the future of the newspaper industry. 
 Our competitiveness depends significantly on our ability to keep pace with the rapid changes in our industry. Failure by us to anticipate and meet our customers technological needs could adversely affect our competitiveness and growth prospects. 
 We operate and compete in an industry characterized by rapid technological innovation, changing customer needs, evolving industry standards and frequent introductions of new products, product enhancements, services and distribution methods. Our success depends on our ability to develop expertise with these new products, product enhancements, services and distribution methods and to implement solutions that anticipate and respond to rapid changes in technology, the industry, and customer needs. The introduction of new products, product enhancements and distribution methods could decrease demand for current products or render them obsolete. Sales of products and services can be dependent on demand for specific product categories, and any change in demand for or supply of such products could have a material adverse effect on our net sales if we fail to adapt to such changes in a timely manner. 
 Through our acquisitions, we have attempted to diversify our product offerings and increase our presence in new market verticals. There can be no assurances that consumer or commercial demand for our future products will meet, or even approach, our expectations. In addition, our pricing and marketing strategies may not be successful. Lack of customer demand, a change in marketing strategy and changes to our pricing models could dramatically alter our financial results. Unless we are able to release location based products that meet a significant market demand, we will not be able to improve our financial condition or the results of our future operations. 
 If we are unable to sell additional products and services to our customers and increase our overall customer base, our future revenue and operating results may suffer. 
 Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to expand the deployment of newly acquired technologies with existing customers and finding new customers to sell our products and services to. This may require increasingly sophisticated and costly sales efforts and may not result in additional sales. In addition, the rate at which our customers purchase additional products and services, and our ability to attract new customers, depends on a number of factors, including the perceived need for indoor mapping products and services, sustaining pricing of our product and services as well as general economic conditions. If our efforts to sell additional products and services are not successful, our business may suffer. 
 We operate in a highly competitive market and we may be required to reduce the prices for some of our products and services to remain competitive, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Our industry is developing rapidly and related technology trends are constantly evolving. In this environment, we face, among other things, significant price competition from our competitors. As a result, we may be forced to reduce the prices of the products and services we sell in response to offerings made by our competitors and may not be able to maintain the level of bargaining power that we have enjoyed in the past when negotiating the prices of our products and services. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Our profitability is dependent on the prices we are able to charge for our products and services. The prices we are able to charge for our products and services are affected by a number of factors, including: 
 our customers perceptions of our ability to add value through our products and services; 
 introduction of new products or services by us or our competitors; 
 our competitors pricing policies; 
 our ability to charge higher prices where market demand or the value of our products or services justifies it; 
 procurement practices of our customers; and 
 general economic and political conditions. 
 If we are not able to maintain favorable pricing for our products and services, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 A delay in the completion of our customers budget processes could delay purchases of our products and services and have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We rely on our customers to purchase products and services from us to maintain and increase our earnings, and customer purchases are frequently subject to budget constraints, multiple approvals and unplanned administrative, processing and other delays. If sales expected from a specific customer are not realized when anticipated or at all, our results could fall short of public expectations and our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 Digital threats such as cyber-attacks, data protection breaches, computer viruses or malware may disrupt our operations, harm our operating results and damage our reputation, and cyber-attacks or data protection breaches on our customers networks, or in cloud-based services provided by or enabled by us, could result in liability for us, damage our reputation or otherwise harm our business. 
 
 Despite our implementation of network security measures, the products and services we sell to customers, and our servers, data centers and the cloud-based solutions on which our data, and data of our customers, suppliers and business partners are stored, are vulnerable to cyber-attacks, data protection breaches, computer viruses, malicious acts, and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering or human error. Use of our products and services in our customers' environments may have the possibility of being breached as a result of acts other than our customers exposing confidential and sensitive information. Despite our security controls and measures, any such event could compromise our networks or those of our customers, and the information stored on our networks or those of our customers could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen, which could subject us to liability to our customers, business partners and others, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition and may cause damage to our reputation. Efforts to limit the ability of malicious third parties to disrupt the operations of the Internet or undermine our own security efforts may be costly to implement and meet with resistance, and may not be successful. Breaches of network security in our customers networks, or in cloud-based services provided by or enabled by us, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to a vulnerability in our products or services, could result in liability for us, damage our reputation or otherwise harm our business. 
 Any failures or interruptions in our services or systems could damage our reputation and substantially harm our business and results of operations. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to provide reliable remote services, technology integration and managed services to our customers. The operations of our Cloud based applications and analytics are susceptible to damage or interruption from human error, fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attacks and similar events. We could also experience failures or interruptions of our systems and services, or other problems in connection with our operations, as a result of: 
 damage to or failure of our computer software or hardware or our connections; 
 22 

Table of Contents 

errors in the processing of data by our systems; 
 computer viruses or software defects; 
 physical or electronic break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and similar events; 
 increased capacity demands or changes in systems requirements of our customers; and 
 errors by our employees or third-party service providers. 
 Any production interruptions for any reason, such as a natural disaster, epidemic, capacity shortages, or quality problems, at one of our manufacturing partners would negatively affect sales of product lines manufactured by that manufacturing partner and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Any interruptions in our systems or services could damage our reputation and substantially harm our business and results of operations. While we maintain disaster recovery plans and insurance with coverage we believe to be adequate, claims may exceed insurance coverage limits, may not be covered by insurance or insurance may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms. 
 Our Company may be subject to product liability due to manufacturing or design defects for which product liability insurance may not be sufficient. 
 We may be a party to product liability claims that arises from time to time in the ordinary course of our business, which may include those related to, for example, the development or marketing of the products, or adverse events known or reported to be associated with, or manufacturing defects in, the products sold by us or through third parties. Product liability claims may be time-consuming, cost-intensive, and may result in awarding of substantial damages to the plaintiff or demands for a product recall. Certain of our contract obligations with vendors, suppliers, or manufacturers require us to provide warranties against such claims. We cannot assure you that protections are sufficient against any product liability claim filed by or against us. In a few countries, strict liability is imposed even if an injury to the end user of a defective product was not caused by an act of the supplier, manufacturer, or seller. A successful claim or claims brought against us in an amount exceeding available insurance coverage or protections under our contractual relationships could subject us to significant liabilities and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 We rely on a limited number of key customers, the importance of which may vary dramatically from year to year, and a loss of one or more of these key customers may adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our top three customers accounted for approximately 19 and 16 of our gross revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. No customer accounted for more than 10 of our gross revenue during the 2022 and 2021 years, with two customers accounting for 7 of our gross revenue in 2022 and one customer accounting for 8 in 2021; however, each of these customers may or may not continue to be a significant contributor to revenue in 2023. The loss of a significant amount of business from one of our major customers would materially and adversely affect our results of operations until such time, if ever, as we are able to replace the lost business. Significant customers or projects in any one period may not continue to be significant customers or projects in other periods. To the extent that we are dependent on any single customer, we are subject to the risks faced by that customer to the extent that such risks impede the customer s ability to stay in business and make timely payments to us. 
 We may need additional cash financing and any failure to obtain cash financing, could limit our ability to grow our business and develop or enhance our service offerings to respond to market demand or competitive challenges. 
 We expect that we will need to raise funds in order to continue our operations and implement our plans to grow our business. However, if we decide to seek additional capital, we may be unable to obtain financing on terms that are acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise the required cash, our ability to grow our business and develop or enhance our service offerings to respond to market demand or competitive challenges could be limited. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

If we cannot collect our receivables or if payment is delayed, our business may be adversely affected by our inability to generate cash flow, provide working capital or continue our business operations. 
 Our business depends on our ability to successfully obtain payment from our customers of the amounts they owe us for products received from us and any work performed by us. The timely collection of our receivables allows us to generate cash flow, provide working capital and continue our business operations. Our customers may fail to pay or delay the payment of invoices for a number of reasons, including financial difficulties resulting from macroeconomic conditions, lack of an approved budget, or participating in bankruptcy proceedings. An extended delay or default in payment relating to a significant account will have a material and adverse effect on the aging schedule and turnover days of our accounts receivable. If we are unable to timely collect our receivables from our customers for any reason, our business and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 If our products fail to satisfy customer demands or to achieve increased market acceptance, our results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects could be materially adversely affected. 
 The market acceptance of our products are critical to our continued success. Demand for our products is affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including continued market acceptance, the timing of development and release of new products by competitors, technological change, and growth or decline in the mobile device management market. We expect the proliferation of mobile devices to lead to an increase in the data security demands of our customers, and our products may not be able to scale and perform to meet those demands. If we are unable to continue to meet customer demands or to achieve more widespread market acceptance of these products, our business operations, financial results and growth prospects will be materially and adversely affected. 
 Defects, errors, or vulnerabilities in our products or services or the failure of such products or services to prevent a security breach, could harm our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Because our location based security products and services are complex, they have contained and may contain design or manufacturing defects or errors that are not detected until after their commercial release and deployment by customers. Defects may cause such products to be vulnerable to advanced persistent threats ("APTs") or security attacks, cause them to fail to help secure information or temporarily interrupt customers networking traffic. Because the techniques used by hackers to access sensitive information change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques and provide a solution in time to protect customers data. In addition, defects or errors in our subscription updates or products could result in a failure to effectively update customers hardware products and thereby leave customers vulnerable to APTs or security attacks. 
 Any defects, errors or vulnerabilities in our products could result in: 
 expenditure of significant financial and product development resources in efforts to analyze, correct, eliminate, or work-around errors or defects or to address and eliminate vulnerabilities; 
 delayed or lost revenue; 
 loss of existing or potential customers or partners; 
 increased warranty claims compared with historical experience, or increased cost of servicing warranty claims, either of which would adversely affect gross margins; and 
 litigation, regulatory inquiries, or investigations that may be costly and harm our reputation 
 Our current research and development efforts may not produce successful products or features that result in significant revenue, cost savings or other benefits in the near future. If we do not realize significant revenue from our research and development efforts, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Developing products and related enhancements in our field is expensive. Investments in research and development may not result in significant design improvements, marketable products or features or may result in products that are more expensive than anticipated. We may not achieve the cost savings or the anticipated performance improvements expected, and we may take longer to generate revenue from products in development, or generate less revenue than expected. 
 Our future plans include significant investments in research and development and related product opportunities. Our management believes that we must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to research and development efforts to maintain a competitive position. However, we may not receive significant revenue from these investments in the near future, or these investments may not yield the expected benefits, either of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Misuse of our products could harm our reputation. 
 Our products, particularly our location based security and detection products, may be misused by customers or third parties that obtain access to such products. For example, location information combined with other information about the same users in the hands of criminals could result in misuse of the data and privacy law violations and result in negative press coverage and negatively affect our reputation. 
 If the general level of advanced attacks declines, or is perceived by current or potential customers to have declined, this could harm our location based security and detection operating segment, and our financial condition, operating results and growth prospects. 
 Our location based security and detection-operating segment is substantially dependent upon enterprises and governments recognizing that APTs and other security attacks are pervasive and are not effectively prevented by legacy security solutions. High visibility attacks on prominent enterprises and governments have increased market awareness of the problem of APTs and security attacks and help to provide an impetus for enterprises and governments to devote resources to protecting against attacks, such as testing our platform, purchasing it, and broadly deploying it within their organizations. If APTs and other security attacks were to decline, or enterprises or governments perceived that the general level of attacks has declined, our ability to attract new customers and expand its offerings for existing customers could be materially and adversely affected, which would, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 If our location based security and detection products do not effectively interoperate with our customers IT infrastructure, installations could be delayed or cancelled, which would harm our financial condition, operating results and growth prospects. 
 Our products must effectively interoperate with our customers existing or future IT infrastructure, which often has different specifications, utilizes multiple protocol standards, deploys products from multiple vendors, and contains multiple generations of products that have been added over time. As a result, when problems occur in a company s infrastructure, it may be difficult to identify the sources of these problems. If we find errors in the existing software or defects in the hardware used in our customers infrastructure, we may have to modify its software or hardware so that our products will interoperate with the infrastructure of our customers. In such cases, our products may be unable to provide significant performance improvements for applications deployed in the infrastructure of our customers. These issues could cause longer installation times for our products and could cause order cancellations, either of which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, other customers may require products to comply with certain security or other certifications and standards. If our products are late in achieving or fail to achieve compliance with these certifications and standards, or competitors sooner achieve compliance with these certifications and standards, we may be disqualified from selling our products to such customers, or may otherwise be at a competitive disadvantage, either of which would harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our international business exposes us to geo-political and economic factors, legal and regulatory requirements, public health and other risks associated with doing business in foreign countries . 
 We provide our products and services to customers worldwide. These risks differ from and potentially may be greater than those associated with our domestic business. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Our international business is sensitive to changes in the priorities and budgets of international customers and geo-political uncertainties, which may be driven by changes in threat environments and potentially volatile worldwide economic conditions, various regional and local economic and political factors, risks and uncertainties, as well as U.S. foreign policy. 
 Our international sales are also subject to local government laws, regulations and procurement policies and practices, which may differ from U.S. Government regulations, including regulations relating to import-export control, investments, foreign exchange controls and repatriation of earnings, as well as to varying currency, geo-political and economic risks. Our international contracts may include industrial cooperation agreements requiring specific in-country purchases, manufacturing agreements or financial support obligations, known as offset obligations, and provide for penalties if we fail to meet such requirements. Our international contracts may also be subject to termination at the customer s convenience or for default based on performance, and may be subject to funding risks. We also are exposed to risks associated with using foreign representatives and consultants for international sales and operations and teaming with international subcontractors, partners and suppliers in connection with international programs. As a result of these factors, we could experience award and funding delays on international programs and could incur losses on such programs, which could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are also subject to a number of other risks including: 
 the absence in some jurisdictions of effective laws to protect our intellectual property rights; 
 multiple and possibly overlapping and conflicting tax laws; 
 restrictions on movement of cash; 
 the burdens of complying with a variety of national and local laws; 
 political instability; 
 currency fluctuations; 
 longer payment cycles; 
 restrictions on the import and export of certain technologies; 
 price controls or restrictions on exchange of foreign currencies; and 
 trade barriers. 
 In addition, our international operations (or those of our business partners) could be subject to natural disasters such as earthquakes, tsunamis, flooding, typhoons and volcanic eruptions that disrupt manufacturing or other operations. There may be conflict or uncertainty in the countries in which we operate, including public health issues (for example, an outbreak of a contagious disease such as 2019-Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV), avian influenza, measles or Ebola), safety issues, natural disasters, fire, disruptions of service from utilities, nuclear power plant accidents or general economic or political factors. For example, as a result of the Coronavirus outbreak, our ability to source internal connection cables for certain of our sensors has been delayed, which will require us to source these components from other vendors at a higher price that may result in an increase in our costs to produce our products In the event our customers are materially impacted by these events, it may impact anticipated orders and planned shipments for our products. With respect to political factors, the United Kingdom s 2016 referendum, commonly referred to as Brexit, has created economic and political uncertainty in the European Union. Also, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation imposes significant new requirements on how we collect, process and transfer personal data, as well as significant fines for non-compliance. Any of the above risks, should they occur, could result in an increase in the cost of components, production delays, general business interruptions, delays from difficulties in obtaining export licenses for certain technology, tariffs and other barriers and restrictions, longer payment cycles, increased taxes, restrictions on the repatriation of funds and the burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws, any of which could ultimately have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Our international operations are subject to special U.S. government laws and regulations, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and regulations and procurement policies and practices, including regulations to import-export control, which may expose us to liability or impair our ability to compete in international markets. 
 Our international operations are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials and political parties by U.S. and other business entities for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We have operations and deal with governmental customers in countries known to experience corruption, including certain countries in the Middle East and in the future, the Far East. Our activities in these countries create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of our employees, consultants or contractors that could be in violation of various laws including the FCPA, even though these parties are not always subject to our control. We are also subject to import-export control regulations restricting the use and dissemination of information classified for national security purposes and the export of certain products, services, and technical data, including requirements regarding any applicable licensing of our employees involved in such work. 
 Difficult conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations, and we do not expect these conditions to improve in the near future. 
 Our results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally, both in the U.S. and elsewhere around the world. Weak economic conditions generally, sustained uncertainty about global economic conditions, or a prolonged or further tightening of credit markets could cause our customers and potential customers to postpone or reduce spending on technology products or services or put downward pressure on prices, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or cash flows. Concerns over inflation, energy costs, geopolitical issues and the availability of credit, in the U.S. have contributed to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and the markets going forward. These factors, combined with volatile oil prices and wavering business and consumer confidence, have precipitated an economic slowdown and uncertain global outlook. Domestic and international equity markets have been experiencing heightened volatility and turmoil. These events and the continuing market upheavals may have an adverse effect on our business. In the event of extreme prolonged market events, such as the global economic recovery, we could incur significant losses. 
 Changes in U.S. administrative policy, including changes to existing trade agreements and any resulting changes in international relations, could adversely affect our financial performance and supply chain economics. 
 As a result of changes to U.S. administrative policy, among other possible changes, there may be (i) changes to existing trade agreements; (ii) greater restrictions on free trade generally; and (iii) significant increases in tariffs on goods imported into the United States, particularly those manufactured in China. China is currently a leading global source of hardware products, including the hardware products that we use. In January 2020, the U.S. and China entered into Phase One of the Economic and Trade Agreement Between the United States of America and the People s Republic of China (the Phase One Trade Agreement ). The Phase One Trade Agreement takes steps to ease certain trade tensions between the U.S. and China, including tensions involving intellectual property theft and forced intellectual property transfers by China. Although the Phase One Trade Agreement is an encouraging sign of progress in the trade negotiations between the U.S. and China, questions still remain as to the enforcement of its terms, the resolution of a number of other points of dispute between the parties, and the prevention of further tensions. If the U.S.-China trade dispute re-escalates or relations between the United States and China deteriorate, these conditions could adversely affect our ability to source our hardware products and therefore our ability to manufacture our products. Our ability to manufacture our products could also be affected by economic uncertainty, in China or by our failure to establish a positive reputation and relationships in China. The occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect on our ability to source the components necessary to manufacture our products, which, in turn, could cause our long-term business, financial condition and operating results to be materially adversely affected. 
 There is also a possibility of future tariffs, trade protection measures, import or export regulations or other restrictions imposed on our products or on our customers by the United States, China or other countries that could have a material adverse effect on our business. A significant trade disruption or the establishment or increase of any tariffs, trade protection measures or restrictions could result in lost sales adversely impacting our reputation and business. A trade war, other governmental action related to tariffs or international trade agreements, changes in U.S. social, political, regulatory and economic conditions or in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development and investment in the territories and countries where we 
 27 

Table of Contents 

currently do business or any resulting negative sentiments towards the United States could adversely affect our supply chain economics, consolidated revenue, earnings and cash flow. 
 We intend to use and leverage open source technology which may create risks of security weaknesses. 
 Some parts of our technology may be based on open-source technology, including, but not limited to the technology that we may use in our Indoor Intelligence products. There is a risk that the development team or other third parties may intentionally or unintentionally introduce weaknesses or bugs into the core infrastructure elements of our technology solutions interfering with the use of such technology or causing loss to the Company. 
 We may not be able to develop new products or enhance our product to keep pace with our industry s rapidly changing technology and customer requirements. 
 The industry in which we operate is characterized by rapid technological changes, new product introductions, enhancements, and evolving industry standards. Our business prospects depend on our ability to develop new products and applications for our technology in new markets that develop as a result of technological and scientific advances, while improving performance and cost-effectiveness. New technologies, techniques or products could emerge that might offer better combinations of price and performance than the blockchain technology solutions that are being developed by the Company. It is important that we anticipate changes in technology and market demand. If we do not successfully innovate and introduce new technology into our anticipated technology solutions or effectively manage the transitions of our technology to new product offerings, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 
 Domestic and foreign government regulation and enforcement of data practices and data tracking technologies is expansive, broadly defined and rapidly evolving. Such regulation could directly restrict portions of our business or indirectly affect our business by constraining our customers use of our technology and services or limiting the growth of our markets. 
 Federal, state, municipal and/or foreign governments and agencies have adopted and could in the future adopt, modify, apply or enforce laws, policies, and regulations covering user privacy, data security, technologies that are used to collect, store and/or process data, and/or the collection, use, processing, transfer, storage and/or disclosure of data associated with individuals. The categories of data regulated under these laws vary widely, are often broadly defined, and subject to new applications or interpretation by regulators. The uncertainty and inconsistency among these laws, coupled with a lack of guidance as to how these laws will be applied to current and emerging indoor positioning analytics technologies, creates a risk that regulators, lawmakers or other third parties, such as potential plaintiffs, may assert claims, pursue investigations or audits, or engage in civil or criminal enforcement. These actions could limit the market for our services and technologies or impose burdensome requirements on our services and/or customers use of our services, thereby rendering our business unprofitable. 
 Some features of our services may trigger the data protection requirements of certain foreign jurisdictions, such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR ), and the EU ePrivacy Directive. In addition, our services may be subject to regulation under current or future laws or regulations. For instance, the EU ePrivacy Directive is soon to be replaced in its entirety by the ePrivacy Regulation, which will bring with it an updated set of rules relevant to many aspects of our business. If our treatment of data, privacy practices or data security measures fail to comply with these current or future laws and regulations in any of the jurisdictions in which we collect and/or process information, we may be subject to litigation, regulatory investigations, civil or criminal enforcement, financial penalties, audits or other liabilities in such jurisdictions, or our customers may terminate their relationships with us. In addition, data protection laws, such as the GDPR, foreign court judgments or regulatory actions could affect our ability to transfer, process and/or receive transnational data that is critical to our operations, including data relating to users, customers, or partners outside the United States. For instance, the GDPR restricts transfers of personal data outside of the European Economic Area, including to the United States, subject to certain requirements. Such data protection laws, judgments or actions could affect the manner in which we provide our services or adversely affect our financial results if foreign customers and partners are not able to lawfully transfer data to us. 
 This area of the law is currently under intense government scrutiny and many governments, including the U.S. government, are considering a variety of proposed regulations that would restrict or impact the conditions under which data obtained from individuals could be collected, processed, stored, transferred, sold or shared with third parties. In addition, regulators such as the Federal Trade Commission and the California Attorney General are continually proposing new 
 28 

Table of Contents 

regulations and interpreting and applying existing regulations in new ways. For example, in June 2018, California passed the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA ), which provides new data privacy rights for consumers and new informational, disclosure and operational requirements for companies, effective January 2020. Fines for non-compliance may be up to 7,500 per violation. The burdens imposed by the GDPR and CCPA, and changes to existing laws or new laws regulating the solicitation, collection, processing, or sharing of personal and consumer information, and consumer protection could affect our customers utilization of our services and technology and could potentially reduce demand, or impose restrictions that make it more difficult or expensive for us to provide our services. 
 In addition, ongoing legal challenges in Europe to the mechanisms allowing companies to transfer personal data from the European Economic Area to the United States could result in further limitations on the ability to transfer data across borders, particularly if governments are unable or unwilling to reach new or maintain existing agreements that support cross-border data transfers, such as the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks and the European Commission s Model Contractual Clauses, each of which are currently under particular scrutiny. Additionally, certain countries have passed or are considering passing laws requiring local data residency. The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, privacy laws, regulations and standards may limit the use and adoption of our services, reduce overall demand for our services, make it more difficult to meet expectations from or commitments to customers, lead to significant fines, penalties or liabilities for noncompliance, impact our reputation, or slow the pace at which we close sales transactions, any of which could harm our business. 
 Furthermore, the uncertain and shifting regulatory environment and trust climate may cause concerns regarding data privacy and may cause our customers or our customers customers to resist providing the data necessary to allow our customers to use our services effectively. Even the perception that the privacy of personal information is not satisfactorily protected or does not meet regulatory requirements could inhibit sales of our products or services and could limit adoption of our cloud-based solutions. 
 If our customers fail to abide by applicable privacy laws or to provide adequate notice and/or obtain any required consent from end users, we could be subject to litigation or enforcement action or reduced demand for our services. 
 Our customers utilize our services and technologies to track connected devices anonymously and we must rely on our customers to implement and administer notice and choice mechanisms required under applicable laws. If we or our customers fail to abide by these laws, it could result in litigation or regulatory or enforcement action against our customers or against us directly. 
 Any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policy or legal or regulatory requirements in one or multiple jurisdictions could result in proceedings, actions or penalties against us. 
 Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with federal, state or foreign laws or regulations, industry standards, contractual obligations or other legal obligations, or any actual or suspected security incident, whether or not resulting in unauthorized access to, or acquisition, release or transfer of personal data or other data, may result in governmental enforcement actions and prosecutions, private litigation, fines and penalties or adverse publicity and could cause our customers to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. Any inability to adequately address privacy and security concerns, even if unfounded, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards, contractual obligations or other legal obligations could result in additional cost and liability to us, damage our reputation, inhibit sales and adversely affect our business. 
 Evolving and changing definitions of what constitutes Personal Information and Personal Data within the EU, the United States and elsewhere, may limit or inhibit our ability to operate or expand our business, including limiting technology alliance partners that may involve the sharing of data. 
 If we are perceived to cause, or are otherwise unfavorably associated with, violations of privacy or data security requirements, it may subject us or our customers to public criticism, financial penalties and potential legal liability. Existing and potential privacy laws and regulations concerning privacy and data security and increasing sensitivity of consumers to unauthorized processing of personal data may create negative public reactions to technologies, products and services such as ours. Public concerns regarding personal data processing, privacy and security may cause some of our customers end users to 
 29 

Table of Contents 

be less likely to visit their venues or otherwise interact with them. If enough end users choose not to visit our customers venues or otherwise interact with them, our customers could stop using our platform. This, in turn, may reduce the value of our service, and slow or eliminate the growth of our business, or cause our business to contract. 
 Around the world, there are numerous lawsuits in process against various technology companies that process personal information and personal data. If those lawsuits are successful, it could increase the likelihood that our company may be exposed to liability for our own policies and practices concerning the processing of personal data and could hurt our business. Furthermore, the costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by laws, regulations and policies concerning privacy and data security that are applicable to the businesses of our customers may limit the use and adoption of our technologies and reduce overall demand for it. Privacy concerns, whether or not valid, may inhibit market adoption of our technologies. Additionally, concerns about security or privacy may result in the adoption of new legislation that restricts the implementation of technologies like ours or require us to make modifications to our existing services and technology, which could significantly limit the adoption and deployment of our technologies or result in significant expense. 
 Risks Related to the Business Combination and the Enterprise Apps Spin-off 
 If the Distribution (as defined in the Separation Agreement), together with certain related transactions, fails to qualify as a reorganization under Section 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code ("Code"), as amended or the Business Combination fails to qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code, Inpixon and its stockholders could incur significant tax liabilities, and KINS and CXApp could be required to indemnify Inpixon for taxes that could be material, pursuant to indemnification obligations under the Tax Matters Agreement. 
 Inpixon received a tax opinion that the Contribution (as defined in the Separation Agreement) and Distribution, taken together, qualify as a reorganization under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code. The tax opinion was based on, among other things, certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings from Inpixon, CXApp and KINS, including those regarding the past and future conduct of the companies' respective businesses and other matters. If any of these facts, assumptions, representations, or undertakings are incorrect or not satisfied, Inpixon may not be able to rely on such opinion. Moreover, such opinion is not binding on the IRS or the courts, and no assurance can be given that the IRS will not challenge its conclusions or otherwise determine on audit that the Distribution or Business Combination does not qualify for its respective intended tax treatment, including as a result of a change in stock or asset ownership of Inpixon, CXApp or KINS after the Distribution. 
 If the Distribution does not qualify under Section 355 of the Code, the Distribution would be treated as a taxable dividend to Inpixon securityholders equal to the fair market value of the CXApp stock to the extent of Inpixon's earnings and profits. If the dividend exceeds such earnings and profits, the amount of such excess will be treated as a return of capital to the extent of an Inpixon stockholder's basis in its Inpixon stock, and then a capital gain. To the extent that the Business Combination does not qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code, Inpixon securityholders would recognize taxable income equal to the difference between the fair market value of the KINS shares received and their tax basis in the CXApp Shares. In either such case, Inpixon securityholders that are subject to U.S. federal income tax could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. 
 In addition, if the Contribution and Distribution, taken together, do not qualify under Section 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, Inpixon would recognize taxable income on the Distribution equal to the difference between the fair market value of the CXApp shares distributed by Inpixon to the Inpixon securityholders and Inpixon's basis in such share. Inpixon does not anticipate that it would have net operating losses to offset any taxable income triggered as a result of failure to qualify under Section 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code because its net operating losses will be limited by Section 382 of the Code. 
 Even if the Contribution and Distribution, taken together, otherwise qualify as a transaction described in Section 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, the Distribution would be taxable to Inpixon (but not to Inpixon securityholders) pursuant to Section 355(e) of the Code if one or more persons acquire a 50 or greater interest (measured by vote or value) in the stock of Inpixon or CXApp, directly or indirectly (including through acquisitions of the stock of the combined company after the Business Combination), as part of a plan or series of related transactions that include the Distribution. Pursuant to the tax matters agreement entered into prior to the Separation, Inpixon will bear the responsibility for this tax if such tax relates to or arises out of the failure of the intended tax treatment or to certain actions taken by Inpixon.If, however, such tax is attributable 
 30 

Table of Contents 

to certain actions or omissions by KINS or CXApp, inaccuracies, misrepresentations or misstatements relating to KINS or CXApp, or certain events involving the stock of KINS or CXApp or assets of CXApp post-Distribution, KINS and CXApp will be obligated to indemnify Inpixon for such taxes. Further, even if KINS and CXApp are not responsible for tax liabilities of Inpixon under the tax matters agreement, CXApp nonetheless could be liable under applicable U.S. federal tax law for such liabilities if Inpixon were to fail to pay them. 
 The anticipated benefits of the Business Combination may not be achieved. 
 Inpixon may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits expected to result from the Business Combination, including the potential that the Business Combination will: 
 allow each business to pursue its own operational and strategic priorities and more quickly respond to trends, developments and opportunities in its respective markets; 
 increase the potential value for Inpixon securityholders to receive shares of the combined company post-Merger based on a pre-transaction equity value of CXApp of 69.0 million; 
 give each business opportunity and flexibility by pursuing its own investment, capital allocation and growth strategies consistent with its long-term objectives; 
 allow investors to separately value each business based on the unique merits, performance and future prospects of each business, providing investors with two distinct investment opportunities; 
 enhance the ability of each business to attract and retain qualified management and to better align incentive-based compensation with the performance of each separate business; and 
 give each of CXApp and Inpixon its own equity currency for use in connection with acquisitions. 
 Inpixon may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination for a variety of reasons. Further, such benefits, if ultimately achieved, may be delayed. In addition, the Business Combination could materially and adversely affect Inpixon's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Separation and Distribution may expose Inpixon to potential liabilities arising out of legal dividend requirements. 
 The Distribution of CXApp common stock is subject to review under state corporate distribution statutes. Under the Nevada Revised Statutes ("NRS"), no distribution (including dividends on, or redemption or repurchases of, shares of capital stock) may be made if, after giving effect to such distribution, the corporation would not be able to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business, or the corporation's total assets would be less than the sum of its total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed at the time of a liquidation to satisfy the preferential rights of preferred stockholders. Although Inpixon believes it made the Distribution of CXApp common stock in compliance with the NRS, Inpixon cannot assure you that a court will not later determine that some or all of the Distribution to Inpixon security holders was unlawful. 
 The Enterprise Apps Spin-off and Business Combination could give rise to disputes or other unfavorable effects, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 
 Disputes with third parties could arise out of the Enterprise Apps Spin-off and Business Combination, and we could experience unfavorable reactions to transaction from employees, investors, or other interested parties. These disputes and reactions of third parties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, and results of operations. In addition, following the transaction, disputes between us and KINS could arise in connection with any of the Spin-off related agreements. 
 We agreed to indemnify KINS for certain liabilities. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the terms of that certain Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated September 25, 2022, the Company agreed to indemnify KINS for certain liabilities. Although no such liabilities are currently anticipated, if we have to indemnify KINS for unanticipated liabilities, the cost of such indemnification obligations may have a material and adverse effect on our financial performance. 
 Changes in the value of the common stock or other securities that we own as a result of strategic investments may result in material fluctuations (increases or decreases) in our total asset value and net income on a quarterly basis. 
 
 We entered into a note purchase agreement with Sysorex, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which we agreed to loan Sysorex up to an aggregate principal amount of 10.0 million on a revolving credit basis (the "Sysorex Note"). On March 1, 2020, we agreed to extend the maturity date of the note from December 31, 2020 to December 31, 2022. On April 14, 2021, we entered into a Securities Settlement Agreement (the SSA and a Rights Letter Agreement (the RLA ), with Sysorex, whereby it agreed to satisfy in full its outstanding debt, in the aggregate amount of approximately 9.1 million as of March 31, 2021, owed to the Company, including but, not limited to, amounts outstanding under the Sysorex Note (the Debt Settlement ). To effect the Debt Settlement, Sysorex agreed to issue to us 12,972,189 shares of its common stock and rights to acquire 3,000,000 shares of its common stock pursuant to the terms of the RLA. The Debt Settlement was entered into in connection with Sysorex s closing of a reverse triangular merger with TTM Digital Assets Technologies, Inc. 
 
 We recorded 7.5 million for the release of the previously recorded valuation allowance related to the Sysorex Note, 1.6 million of interest income, and a gain on settlement of 49.8 million equal to the difference in the carry value of the Sysorex Note, including interest, and the value of the common stock and rights to acquire additional shares received in the settlement. As of December 31, 2022, the value of these securities decreased to 0.01 million as a result of the corresponding decrease in Sysorex's common stock price. Accordingly, the unrealized loss on the Sysorex note was 1.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to an unrealized loss of 57.1 million for year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 In addition, on September 15, 2022, we acquired 891,124 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 FOXO common stock of Foxo Technologies Inc. ("FOXO") in connection with the conversion of a 10 convertible note acquired on April 27, 2022 in an aggregate principal amount of 6,050,000 for a purchase price of 5,500,000 as a result of the closing of a business combination. FOXO common stock is traded in active markets, as the security is trading under FOXO on the NYSE American. FOXO common stock is accounted for as available-for-sale equity securities based on Level 1 inputs, which consist of quoted prices in active markets, with unrealized holding gains and losses included in earnings. The fair value of the FOXO common stock was determined by the closing trading price of the security as of December 31, 2022. The Company recognized an unrealized loss on FOXO common stock of 6.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Consequently, the investment securities we own, are inherently volatile. Accordingly, the value of our total assets and as a consequence, the price of our common stock may decline or increase regardless of our operating performance, which may result in losses for investors purchasing shares of our common stock. Further, to the extent that we experience unrealized losses in connection with such securities from declines in securities values that management determines to be other than temporary, the book value of those securities will be adjusted to their estimated recovery value and we will recognize a charge to earnings in the quarter during which we make that determination. Additionally, the Company has no control over the price the Company will eventually receive as a result of the disposition of such assets and may be unable to sell the aforementioned securities at favorable prices quickly or when desired. 
 Risks Related to Our Securities 
 Our common stock may be delisted from the Nasdaq Capital Market which could negatively impact the price of our common stock, liquidity and our ability to access the capital markets. 
 Our common stock currently trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market ("Nasdaq") under the symbol INPX. The listing standards of Nasdaq provide that a company, in order to qualify for continued listing, must maintain a minimum stock price of 1.00 and satisfy standards relative to minimum stockholder's equity, minimum market value of publicly held shares and various additional requirements. If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange for failure to meet the listing standards, we and our stockholders could face significant negative consequences including: 
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 
 32 

Table of Contents 

a determination that the common stock is a "penny stock" which would require brokers trading in the common stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for shares of common stock; 
 a limited amount of analyst coverage, if any; and 
 a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 Delisting from Nasdaq could also result in other negative consequences, including the potential loss of confidence by suppliers, customers and employees, the loss of institutional investors' interest and fewer business development opportunities. 
 As previously reported, on October 25, 2021, we received written notification from Nasdaq informing us that because the closing bid price of our common stock was below 1.00 for 30 consecutive trading days, our shares no longer complied with the minimum closing bid price requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we were provided a period of 180 calendar days, or until April 25, 2022, in which to regain compliance. In order to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement, the closing bid price of our common stock must be at least 1.00 per share for a minimum of ten consecutive business days. We were not able to regain compliance within this 180-day period, and were eligible to seek an additional 180 calendar days to meet the minimum bid price requirement if we meet the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards for the Nasdaq, with the exception of the bid price requirement, and provide written notice to Nasdaq of our intent to cure the deficiency during this second compliance period, by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. We provided Nasdaq written notice of our intention to cure the bid price deficiency during the second compliance period and on April 26, 2022, we received notice from Nasdaq that we were granted an additional 180 days, or until October 24, 2022 to regain compliance with this requirement. 
 We effected a 1-for-75 reverse stock split of our common stock on October 7, 2022, and on November 1, 2022, we were informed by Nasdaq that we had regained compliance with the minimum bid price requirement and that we were back in compliance with the applicable Nasdaq continued listing criteria. 
 Notwithstanding the reverse stock split and our compliance with Nasdaq requirements, we cannot be certain that our share price will comply with the requirements for continued listing of our common stock on Nasdaq in the future, or that we will be able to comply with the other continued listing requirements. 
 If our shares of common stock lose their status on Nasdaq, we believe that they would likely be eligible to be quoted on the inter-dealer electronic quotation and trading system operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc., commonly referred to as the Pink Open Market and we may also qualify to be traded on OTCQB market (The Venture Market). These markets are generally not considered to be as efficient as, and not as broad as, Nasdaq. Selling our shares on these markets could be more difficult because smaller quantities of shares would likely be bought and sold, and transactions could be delayed. In addition, in the event our shares are delisted, broker-dealers have certain regulatory burdens imposed upon them, which may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our common stock or even holding our common stock, further limiting the liquidity of our common stock. These factors could result in lower prices and larger spreads in the bid and ask prices for our common stock. 
 
 Our stock price may be volatile. 
 The market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the following: 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

our ability to execute our business plan and complete prospective acquisitions; 
 changes in our industry; 
 competitive pricing pressures; 
 our ability to obtain working capital financing; 
 additions or departures of key personnel; 
 limited public float in the hands of a small number of persons whose sales or lack of sales could result in positive or negative pricing pressure on the market price for our common stock; 
 sales of our common stock; 
 operating results that fall below expectations; 
 changes in our capital structure; 
 costs associated with our acquisitions of companies, assets and technologies; 
 regulatory developments; 
 economic and other external factors; 
 period-to-period fluctuations in our financial results; 
 our inability to develop or acquire new or needed technologies or news relating to such technologies; 
 the public s response to press releases or other public announcements by us or third parties, including filings with the SEC; 
 changes in financial estimates or ratings by any securities analysts who follow our common stock, our failure to meet these estimates or failure of those analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of our common stock; 
 the development and sustainability of an active trading market for our common stock; and 
 any future sales of our common stock by our officers, directors and significant stockholders. 
 In addition, the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Your investment may suffer a decline in value as a result of the volatility of our stock. 
 
 The closing market price for our common stock has varied between a high of 16.05 on March 21, 2022, and a low of 0.34 on March 17, 2023, in the twelve-month period ended March 20, 2023. During this time, the price per share of common stock has ranged from an intra-day low of 0.31 per share to an intra-day high of 16.62 per share. As a result of fluctuations in the price of our common stock, you may be unable to sell your shares at or above the price you paid for them. The market price of our common stock is likely to continue to be volatile and subject to significant price and volume fluctuations in response to market, industry and other factors, including the other risk factors described in this section. The market price of our common stock may also be dependent upon the valuations and recommendations of the analysts who cover our business. If the results of our business do not meet these analysts forecasts, the expectations of investors or the financial guidance we provide to investors in any period, the market price of our common stock could decline. 
 
 In addition, the stock markets in general, and the markets for technology stocks in particular, have experienced significant volatility that has often been unrelated to the financial condition or results of operations of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock and, consequently, adversely affect the price at which you could sell the shares that you purchase in this offering. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market or significant price declines, securities class-action litigation has often been instituted against companies. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management s attention and resources, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 Offers or availability for sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 If our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market upon the expiration of any statutory holding period under Rule 144, or shares issued upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants, it could create a circumstance commonly referred to as an overhang and, in anticipation of which, the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence of an overhang, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, also could make more difficult 
 34 

Table of Contents 

our ability to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. 
 In general, a non-affiliated person who has held restricted shares for a period of six months, under Rule 144, may sell into the market our common stock all of their shares, subject to the Company being current in its periodic reports filed with the SEC. As of March 20, 2023, a significant portion of our outstanding shares of common stock outstanding are free trading. 
 Sales of our common stock or other securities, or the perception that future sales may occur, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline, even if our business is doing well. 
 
 Sales of our common stock or other securities, or the perception that future sales may occur, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline, even if our business is doing well. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales could occur, could adversely affect the price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional shares. For example, in June 2021, the SEC declared effective a shelf registration statement filed by us. This shelf registration statement allows us to issue any combination of our common stock, preferred stock, warrants, units, debt securities and subscription rights from time to time until expiry in June 2024 for an aggregate initial offering price of up to 350 million, subject to certain limitations. Additionally, in July 2022, we entered into a sales agreement with Maxim Group LLC, as exclusive sales agent, to sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 25 million, from time to time, pursuant to the shelf registration statement (the "ATM Offering Program"). As of March 27, 2023, we had an aggregate remaining amount of 63.6 million available for the issuance of securities in offerings under the shelf registration statement, which includes 9.6 million available for the issuance of common stock through the ATM Offering Program. However, our ability to raise capital under the shelf registration statement and through the ATM Offering Program may be limited by, among other things, SEC rules and regulations impacting the eligibility of smaller companies to use Form S-3 for primary offerings of securities. Based on our public float, as of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we are only permitted to utilize the shelf registration statement subject to Instruction I.B.6. to Form S-3, which is referred to as the baby shelf rule. For so long as our public float is less than 75.0 million, we may not sell more than the equivalent of one-third of our public float during any 12 consecutive months pursuant to the baby shelf rules. Although alternative public and private transaction structures may be available, these may require additional time and cost, may impose operational restrictions on us, and may not be available on attractive terms. The specific terms of future offerings, if any, under the shelf registration statement would be established at the time of such offering. Depending on a variety of factors, including market liquidity of our common stock, the sale of shares under the shelf registration statement may cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. The sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock under the shelf registration statement, or anticipation of such sales, could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline or make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and at a price that we might otherwise desire. 
 We had 16,478,252 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 26, 2023. In addition, as March 26, 2023, there were 1 share issuable upon conversion of 1 share of Series 4 Convertible Preferred Stock, 12 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 126 shares of Series 5 Convertible Preferred Stock, 3,847,109 shares subject to outstanding warrants, 349,487 shares subject to outstanding options under the Company s equity incentive plans, 1 share subject to an option not under such plans and up to an additional 49,321,780 shares of common stock which may be issued under the Company s 2018 Employee Stock Incentive Plan that will become, or have already become, eligible for sale in the public market to the extent permitted by any applicable vesting requirements, lock-up agreements, if any, Rule 144 under the Securities Act or in connection with their registration under the Securities Act. The issuance or sale of such shares could depress the market price of our common stock. In the future, we also may issue our securities if we need to raise additional capital. The number of new shares of our common stock issued in connection with raising additional capital could constitute a material portion of the then-outstanding shares of our common stock. 
 Historically, we have used our shares of common stock to satisfy our outstanding debt obligations, and, in the future, we expect to continue to issue our securities to raise additional capital or satisfy outstanding debt obligations. The number of new shares of our common stock issued in connection with raising additional capital or satisfying our outstanding debt obligations could constitute a material portion of the then-outstanding shares of our common stock. 
 There may be future sales or other dilution of our equity, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

We are generally not restricted from issuing additional common stock, including any securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent the right to receive, common stock. Our articles of incorporation allows us to issue up to 500,000,000 shares of our common stock, par value 0.001 per share, and to issue and designate the rights of, without stockholder approval, up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. To raise additional capital, we may in the future sell additional shares of our common stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock at prices that are lower than the prices paid by existing stockholders, and investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders, which could result in substantial dilution to the interests of existing stockholders. The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of common stock or securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent the right to receive common stock or the perception that such sales could occur. 
 We do not intend to pay cash dividends to our stockholders, so it is unlikely that stockholders will receive any return on their investment in our Company prior to selling our stock. 
 We have never paid any dividends to our common stockholders as a public company. We currently intend to retain any future earnings for funding growth and, therefore, do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. If we determine that we will pay cash dividends to the holders of our common stock, we cannot assure that such cash dividends will be paid on a timely basis. The success of your investment in our Company will likely depend entirely upon any future appreciation. As a result, you will not receive any return on your investment prior to selling your shares in our Company and, for the other reasons discussed in this Risk Factors section, you may not receive any return on your investment even when you sell your shares in our Company. 
 Some provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and bylaws may deter takeover attempts, which may inhibit a takeover that stockholders consider favorable and limit the opportunity of our stockholders to sell their shares at a favorable price. 
 Under our Articles of Incorporation, our Board may issue additional shares of common or preferred stock. Our Board has the ability to authorize blank check preferred stock without future shareholder approval. This makes it possible for our Board to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise, including a transaction in which our stockholders would receive a premium over the market price for their shares and/or any other transaction that might otherwise be deemed to be in their best interests, and thereby protects the continuity of our management and limits an investor s opportunity to profit by their investment in the Company. Specifically, if in the due exercise of its fiduciary obligations, the Board were to determine that a takeover proposal was not in our best interest, shares could be issued by our Board without stockholder approval in one or more transactions that might prevent or render more difficult or costly the completion of the takeover by: 
 diluting the voting or other rights of the proposed acquirer or insurgent stockholder group, 
 putting a substantial voting bloc in institutional or other hands that might undertake to support the incumbent Board, or 
 effecting an acquisition that might complicate or preclude the takeover. 
 Nevada Anti-Takeover Law may discourage acquirers and eliminate a potentially beneficial sale for our stockholders. 
 We are subject to the provisions of Section 78.438 of the Nevada Revised Statutes concerning corporate takeovers. This section prevents many Nevada corporations from engaging in a business combination with any interested stockholder, under specified circumstances. For these purposes, a business combination includes a merger or sale of more than 5 of our assets, and an interested stockholder includes a stockholder who owns 10 or more of our outstanding voting stock, as well as affiliates and associates of these persons. Under these provisions, this type of business combination is prohibited for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder unless: 
 the transaction in which the stockholder became an interested stockholder is approved by the Board prior to the date the interested stockholder attained that status; 
 36 

Table of Contents 

on consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder s becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 90 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction was commenced, excluding those shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers; or 
 on or subsequent to that date, the business combination is approved by the Board and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 This statute could prohibit or delay mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts and, accordingly, may discourage attempts to acquire us. 
 Our indemnification of our officers and directors may cause us to use corporate resources to the detriment of our stockholders. 
 Our Articles of Incorporation eliminate the personal liability of our directors for monetary damages arising from a breach of their fiduciary duty as directors to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law. This limitation does not affect the availability of equitable remedies, such as injunctive relief or rescission. Our Articles of Incorporation require us to indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law, including in circumstances in which indemnification is otherwise discretionary under Nevada law. 
 Under Nevada law, we may indemnify our directors or officers or other persons who were, are or are threatened to be made a named defendant or respondent in a proceeding because the person is or was our director, officer, employee or agent, if we determine that the person: 
 conducted himself or herself in good faith, reasonably believed, in the case of conduct in his or her official capacity as our director or officer, that his or her conduct was in our best interests, and, in all other cases, that his or her conduct was at least not opposed to our best interests; and 
 in the case of any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. 
 These persons may be indemnified against expenses, including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, penalties, including excise taxes, and amounts paid in settlement and costs, actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the proceeding. If the person is found liable to the corporation, no indemnification will be made unless the court in which the action was brought determines that the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity in an amount that the court will establish. 
 Insofar as indemnification for liabilities under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us under the above provisions, we have been informed that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 
 The obligations associated with being a public company require significant resources and management attention, which may divert from our business operations. 
 We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). The Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements, and other information. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we establish and maintain effective internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer are required to certify that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that material information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. As a result, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. Furthermore, the need to establish the corporate infrastructure demanded of a public company may divert management s attention from implementing our growth strategy, which could prevent us from improving our business, results of operations and financial condition. We have made, and will continue to make, if necessary, changes to our internal controls and procedures for financial reporting and accounting systems to meet our reporting obligations as a public company. However, the measures we take may not be sufficient to satisfy our obligations as a public company. In addition, we cannot predict or estimate the amount of 
 37 

Table of Contents 

additional costs we may incur in order to comply with these requirements. We anticipate that these costs could materially increase our selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. In connection with the implementation of the necessary procedures and practices related to internal control over financial reporting, we may identify deficiencies. Additionally, in the event we are no longer a smaller reporting company, as defined under the Exchange Act, and we are unable to comply with the internal controls requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, then we may not be able to obtain the independent registered public accountants certifications required by that act, which may preclude us from keeping our filings with the SEC current, and interfere with the ability of investors to trade our securities and our shares to continue to be listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 
 If we fail to establish and maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately or prevent fraud. Any inability to report and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our reputation and adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, we may not be able to manage our business as effectively as we would if an effective control environment existed, and our business and reputation with investors may be harmed. With each prospective acquisition we may make we will conduct whatever due diligence is necessary or prudent to assure us that the acquisition target can comply with the internal controls requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Notwithstanding our diligence, certain internal controls deficiencies may not be detected. As a result, any internal control deficiencies may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and access to capital. We have not performed an in-depth analysis to determine if historical undiscovered failures of internal controls exist, and may in the future discover areas of our internal controls that need improvement. 
 
 If we are unable to maintain effective internal controls, we may not have adequate, accurate or timely financial information, and we may be unable to meet our reporting obligations as a public company, including the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act , we may be unable to accurately report our financial results in future periods, or report them within the timeframes required by the requirements of the SEC, Nasdaq or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act . Failure to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, when and as applicable, could also potentially subject us to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Any failure to maintain or implement required new or improved controls, or any difficulties we encounter in their implementation, could result in identification of additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies, cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in our financial statements. Furthermore, if we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and results of operations could be harmed and investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information. 
 Public company compliance may make it more difficult to attract and retain officers and directors. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act and rules implemented by the SEC have required changes in corporate governance practices of public companies. As a public company, these rules and regulations increase our compliance costs and make certain activities more time consuming and costly. As a public company, these rules and regulations may make it more difficult and expensive for us to maintain our director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board or as executive officers, and to maintain insurance at reasonable rates, or at all. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they change their recommendations regarding our stock adversely, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock relies in part on the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about us and our business. We do not control these analysts. The price of our common stock could decline if one or more equity research analysts downgrade our common stock or if they issue other unfavorable commentary or cease publishing reports about us or our business. 
 We may be or may become the target of securities litigation, which is costly and time-consuming to defend. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Following periods of market volatility in the price of a company s securities or the reporting of unfavorable news, security holders may institute class action litigation. If the market value of our securities experience adverse fluctuations and we become involved in this type of litigation, regardless of the outcome, we could incur substantial legal costs and our management s attention could be diverted from the operation of our business, causing our business to suffer. 
 
 ITEM 1B: UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide this information. 
 
 ITEM 2: PROPERTIES 
 We lease office space in several locations in the United States, including Palo Alto, CA where we house our principal headquarters, research and development, sales and marketing and certain administrative functions. Through our majority owned subsidiary Inpixon India Limited, we lease offices in Hyderabad, India primarily for research and development, sales, marketing and other administrative purposes. We also lease certain property Berlin, Germany through our subsidiary Nanotron for research and development, sales, marketing and administrative activities. We lease additional properties in Dusseldorf, Germany through our subsidiary Inpixon GmbH for sales, marketing and administrative activities. The Company also has offices in Eschborn, Germany through our subsidiary IntraNav. We believe our facilities are adequate for our current and reasonably anticipated future needs. 
 
 ITEM 3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 There are no material pending legal proceedings as defined by Item 103 of Regulation S-K, to which we are a party or of which any of our property is the subject, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the Company s business. 
 There are no proceedings in which any of the directors, officers or affiliates of the Company, or any registered or beneficial holder of more than 5 of the Company s voting securities, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to that of the Company. 
 
 ITEM 4: MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock currently trades under the symbol INPX on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 
 Holders of Record 
 
 According to our transfer agent, as of March 20, 2023, we had approximately 170 shareholders of record of our common stock. This number does not include an indeterminate number of shareholders whose shares are held by brokers in street name. Our stock transfer agent is Computershare Trust Company, N.A., 150 Royall Street, Suite 101, Canton, MA 02021. 
 Dividends 
 We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock, and we currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the expansion of our business, therefore, we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The decision whether to pay cash dividends on our common stock will be made by our Board, in their discretion, and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors that our Board considers significant. Holders of Series 4 Convertible Preferred Stock and Series 5 Convertible Preferred Stock will not be entitled to receive any dividends, unless and until specifically declared by our Board. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 For information required by this item with respect to our equity compensation plans, please see Item 11 of this report. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 During the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have not sold any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act that were not previously reported in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or in a current report on Form 8-K. 
 
 ITEM 6: [RESERVED] 
 
 ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis here and throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, due to a number of factors, including but not limited to, risks described in the section entitled Risk Factors. 
 
 Overview of Our Business 
 Inpixon is the Indoor Intelligence company. Our solutions and technologies help organizations create and redefine exceptional experiences that enable smarter, safer and more secure environments. Inpixon customers can leverage our real-time positioning, mapping and analytics technologies to achieve higher levels of productivity and performance, increase safety and security, improve worker and employee satisfaction rates and drive a more connected work environment. We have focused our corporate strategy on being the primary provider of the full range of foundational technologies needed to form a comprehensive suite of solutions that make indoor data available and actionable to organizations and their employees. Together, 
 40 

Table of Contents 

our technologies allow organizations to create and utilize the digital twin of a physical location and to deliver enhanced experiences in their current environment and in the metaverse. 
 
 Inpixon specializes in providing real-time location systems (RTLS) for the industrial sector. As the manufacturing industry has evolved, RTLS technology has become a crucial aspect of Industry 4.0. Our RTLS solution leverages cutting-edge technologies such as IoT, AI, and big data analytics to provide real-time tracking and monitoring of assets, machines, and people within industrial environments. With our RTLS, businesses can achieve improved operational efficiency, enhanced safety and reduced costs. By having real-time visibility into operations, industrial organizations can make informed, data-driven decisions, minimize downtime, and ensure compliance with industry regulations. With our RTLS, industrial businesses can transform their operations and stay ahead of the curve in the digital age. 
 
 Inpixon's full-stack industrial IoT solution provides end-to-end visibility and control over a wide range of assets and devices. It's designed to help organizations optimize their operations and gain a competitive edge in today's data-driven world. The turn-key platform integrates a range of technologies, including RTLS, sensor networks, edge computing, and big data analytics, to provide a comprehensive view of an organization's operations. We help organizations to track the location and status of assets in real-time, identify inefficiencies, and make decisions that drive business growth. Our IoT stack covers all the technology layers, from the edge devices to the cloud. It includes hardware components such as sensors and gateways, a robust software platforms for data management and analysis, and a user-friendly dashboard for real-time monitoring and control. Our solutions also offer robust security features, to help ensure the protection of sensitive data. Additionally, Inpixon's RTLS provides scalability and flexibility, allowing organizations to easily integrate it with their existing systems and add new capabilities as their needs evolve. 
 
 In addition to our Indoor Intelligence technologies and solutions, we also offer: 
 
 Digital solutions (eTearsheets; eInvoice, adDelivery) or cloudbased applications and analytics for the advertising, media and publishing industries through our advertising management platform referred to as Shoom by Inpixon; and 
 
 A comprehensive set of data analytics and statistical visualization solutions for engineers and scientists referred to as SAVES by Inpixon. 
 
 We report financial results for three segments: Indoor Intelligence, Shoom and SAVES. For Indoor Intelligence, we generate revenue from sales of hardware, software licenses and professional services. For Shoom and SAVES we generate revenue from the sale of software licenses. 
 
 Revenues increased in the year ended December 31, 2022 over the same period in 2021 by approximately 3.4 million which is primarily attributable to an increase in Indoor Intelligence sales, including approximately 2.6 million from our smart office app and approximately 1.0 million from our real time location based technologies. We expect to continue to grow our Indoor Intelligence product line in 2023. The Indoor Intelligence product line does have long sales cycles, which result from customer-related issues such as budget and procurement processes but also because of the early stages of indoor-positioning technology and the learning curve required for customers to implement such solutions. Customers also often engage in a pilot program first which prolongs sales cycles and is typical of most emerging technology adoption curves. We anticipate sales cycles to improve in 2023 as our customer base moves from early adopters to mainstream customers. The sales cycle is also improving with the increased presence and awareness of beacon and Wi-Fi locationing technologies in the market. Indoor Intelligence sales can be licensed-based with government customers but commercial customers typically prefer a SaaS or subscription model. Our other digital solutions are also delivered on a SaaS model and allow us to generate industry analytics that complement our indoor-positioning solutions. On March 14, 2023 the Company completed the CXApp spin-off and revenue from this business will not be included after that date and instead will be recognized by CXApp. We expect this to lower our revenues from March 15, 2023 going forward as we will only recognize the business segments remaining with Inpixon which includes approximately 50 of our Indoor Intelligence segment plus 100 of our SAVES and Shoom segments. Additionally, operating expenses from the CXApp business will not be included after that date and instead will be recognized by the CXApp. We expect this to lower our operating expenses by approximately 50 from March 15, 2023 going forward as we will only incur operating expenses for the business segments remaining with Inpixon. In addition, Inpixon has previously announced efforts to reduce its overall headcount and lower operating expenses across all its business segments. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

We experienced a net loss of approximately 66.3 million and 70.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This decrease in loss of approximately 3.8 million was primarily attributable to the higher gross margin of 2.3 million, decrease in operating expenses of 13.7 million offset by an increased other loss of 10.9 million and decreased income tax benefit of 1.3 million. We cannot assure that we will ever earn revenues sufficient to support our operations, or that we will ever be profitable. In order to continue our operations, we have supplemented the revenues we earned with proceeds from the sale of our equity and debt securities and proceeds from loans and bank credit lines. 
 
 Recent Events 
 October Financing 
 
 On October 18, 2022, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an institutional investor, pursuant to which we agreed to issue and sell in a registered direct offering, 253,112 shares of our common stock, and warrants to purchase up to 3,846,153 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 5.85 per share ("2022 October Purchase Warrants") and pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 2,310,990 shares of Common Stock at a purchase price of 5.849 per pre-funded warrant, and the exercise price of each pre-funded warrant is 0.001 per shares (the "2022 October Pre-funded Warrants"). At closing, we received gross proceeds of approximately 15.4 million before deducting placement agent fees and related offering expenses. Each 2022 October Purchase Warrant and 2022 October Pre-funded Warrant is or was immediately exercisable for one share of common stock until the five years anniversary of the issuance date. The 2022 October Pre-funded Warrants were exercised in full as of January 25, 2023. 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 On October 4, 2022, the Company filed a certificate of change with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to effect a reverse stock split of the Company's authorized and issued and outstanding shares of common stock, at a ratio of one (1) share of common stock for every seventy five (75) shares of common stock effective as of October 7, 2022 (the "Reverse Stock Split"). The Reverse Stock Split did not alter the par value of the Company's common stock or modify any voting rights or other terms of the common stock. The Reverse Stock Split was primarily intended to bring the Company into compliance with the minimum bid price requirements for maintaining its listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Company has reflected the Reverse Stock Split on a retroactive basis herein, unless otherwise indicated. 
 Authorized Share Increase 
 The Company filed a certificate of amendment to the Company's article of incorporation, as amended, with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock from 26,666,667 to 500,000,000 shares effective as of November 29, 2022. 
 March 2020 Note Exchanges 
 On October 17, 2022, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with the holder of a promissory note originally issued in March 2020 (the "March 2020 Note"), pursuant to which the Company and the holder agreed to: (i) partition a new promissory note in the form of the March 2020 Note equal to 0.4 million and then cause the outstanding balance of the March 2020 Note to be reduced by 0.4 million; and (ii) exchange the partitioned note for the delivery of 83,682 shares of the Company's Common Stock, at an effective price per share equal to 4.78, was equal to Nasdaq's "minimum price" as defined by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d). 
 During the quarter ended March 31, 2023, the Company exchanged approximately 0.9 million of the outstanding principal and interest under the March 2020 10 Note Purchase Agreement and Promissory Note for 611,258 shares of the Company's common stock at prices from 1.09 to 1.682 per share, calculated in accordance with Nasdaq's minimum price as defined by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d). This note was fully satisfied as of January 31, 2023. 
 July 2022 Note Purchase Agreement and Promissory Note 
 
 On July 22, 2022, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement (the "Purchase Agreement") with Streeterville Capital, LLC (the Holder ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to the Holder an unsecured promissory note (the July 2022 Note in an aggregate initial principal amount of 6.5 million (the Initial Principal Amount ), which is payable on or before the date that is 12 months from the issuance date (the Maturity Date ). The Initial Principal Amount includes an original issue discount of 1.5 million and 0.02 million that the Company agreed to pay to the Holder to cover the 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Holder s legal fees, accounting costs, due diligence, monitoring and other transaction costs. In exchange for the Note, the Holder paid an aggregate purchase price of 5.0 million (the Transaction ). Interest on the Note accrued at a rate of 10 per annum, which is payable on the maturity date. We may pay all or any portion of the amount owed earlier than it is due; provided that in the event we may elect to prepay all or any portion of the outstanding balance, it shall pay to the Holder 115 of the portion of the outstanding balance we may elect to prepay. Beginning on the date that is 6 months from the issue date and at the intervals indicated below until the Note is paid in full, the Holder shall have the right to redeem up to an aggregate of 1/3 of the initial principal balance of the Note for cash each month. The July 2022 Note includes customary event of default provisions, subject to certain cure periods, and provides for a default interest rate of 22 . Upon the occurrence of an event of default (except default due to the occurrence of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings), the Holder may, by written notice, declare all unpaid principal, plus all accrued interest and other amounts due under the July 2022 Note to be immediately due and payable. Upon the occurrence of bankruptcy-related event of default, without notice, all unpaid principal, plus all accrued interest and other amounts due under the July 2022 Note will become immediately due and payable at the mandatory default amount. Under the terms of the July 2022 Note, if the note is still outstanding after 6 months from the issuance date, or as of January 22, 2023, a 10 monitoring fee would be added to the balance of the note. On January 31, 2023, the Holder agreed to reduce the one time monitoring fee from 10 to 5 . The Company accrued the pro-rata portion of the monitoring fee of 0.3 million as of December 31, 2022 which added to the note balance. 
 
 During 2023 through the date of this filing, the Company exchanged approximately 1.1 million of the outstanding principal and interest under the July 2022 Note Purchase Agreement and Promissory Note for 2,517,397 shares of the Company's common stock at prices from 0.3336 to 0.915 per share, calculated in accordance with Nasdaq's minimum price as defined by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d). 
 
 At-The-Market (ATM) Program 
 
 On July 22, 2022, we entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the "Sales Agreement") with Maxim Group LLC ("Maxim") under which we may offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 25 million (the "Shares") from time to time through Maxim, acting exclusively as our Sales Agent (the "ATM Offering"). Maxim is entitled to compensation at a fixed commission rate of 3.0 of the gross sales price per Share sold excluding Maxim's costs and out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with its services, including the fees and out-of-pocket expenses of its legal counsel. 
 
 We have issued 9,655,207 shares of common stock in connection with the ATM Offering since January 1, 2023, in connection with the ATM Offering at per share price between 1.15 and 1.86, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of approximately 15.4 million. 
 December 2022 Note Purchase Agreement and Promissory Note 
 On December 30, 2022, we entered into a note purchase agreement with Streeterville Capital, LLC (the "Holder"), pursuant to which we agreed to issue and sell to the Holder an unsecured promissory note (the "December 2022 Note") in an aggregate initial principal amount of 8.4 million, which is payable on or before the date that is 12 months from the issuance date. The initial principal amount of includes an original issue discount of 1.9 million and 0.02 million that we agreed to pay to the Holder to cover the Holder's legal fees, accounting costs, due diligence, monitoring and other transaction costs. In exchange for the Note, the Holder paid an aggregate purchase price of 6.5 million. 
 Interest on the December 2022 Note accrues at a rate of 10 per annum and is payable on the maturity date or otherwise in accordance with the December 2022 Note. We may pay all or any portion of the amount owed earlier than it is due; provided that in the event we may elect to prepay all or any portion of the outstanding balance, it shall pay to the Holder 115 of the portion of the outstanding balance we may elect to prepay. Beginning on the date that is 6 months from the issuance date and at the intervals indicated below until the December 2022 Note is paid in full, the Holder shall have the right to redeem up to an aggregate of 1/6th of the initial principal balance of the December 2022 Note plus any interest accrued thereunder each month by providing written notice delivered to us; provided, however, that if the Holder does not exercise any monthly redemption amount in its corresponding month then such monthly redemption amount shall be available for the Holder to redeem in any further month in addition to such future month's monthly redemption amount. 
 Upon receipt of any monthly redemption notice, we shall pay the applicable monthly redemption amount in cash to the Holder within five (5) business days of the Company's receipt of such monthly redemption notice. The December 2022 Note includes customary event of default provisions, subject to certain cure periods, and provides for a default interest rate of 22 . 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Upon the occurrence of an event of default (except default due to the occurrence of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings), the Holder may, by written notice, declare all unpaid principal, plus all accrued interest and other amounts due under the December 2022 Note to be immediately due and payable. Upon the occurrence of bankruptcy-related event of default, without notice, all unpaid principal, plus all accrued interest and other amounts due under the December 2022 Note will become immediately due and payable at the mandatory default amount. 
 As of March 26, 2023, there is an aggregate outstanding principal and interest balance of approximately 8.6 million underlying the December 2022 Note. The December 2022 Note Holder is also the holder of an unsecured promissory note issued on July 22, 2022, with an outstanding aggregate principal and interest balance of approximately 6.7 million as of March 26, 2023. 
 CVH Class A Unit Transfers 
 On February 27, 2023, the Company entered into Limited Liability Company Unit Transfer and Joinder Agreements with certain of the Company s employees (the Transferees ), pursuant to which (i) the Company transferred all of its Class A Units of CVH (the Class A Units ), an aggregate of 599,999 Class A Units, to the Transferees as bonus consideration in connection with each Transferee s services performed for and on behalf of the Company as an employee, as applicable, and (ii) each Transferee became a member of CVH and a party to the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of CVH, dated as of September 30, 2020. 
 Warrant Amendments 
 On February 28, 2023, the Company entered into warrant amendments (the Warrant Amendments with certain holders (each, including its successors and assigns, a Warrant Holder and collectively, the Warrant Holders of (i) those certain Common Stock Purchase Warrants issued by the Company in April 2018 (the April 2018 Warrants pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-204159), (ii) those certain Common Stock Purchase Warrants issued by the Company in September 2021 (the September 2021 Warrants pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-256827), and (iii) those certain Common Stock Purchase Warrants issued by the Company in March 2022 (the March 2022 Warrants and together with the April 2018 Warrants and the September 2021 Warrants, the Existing Warrants pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-256827). 
 
 Pursuant to the Warrant Amendments, the Company and the Warrant Holders have agreed to amend (i) the September 2021 Warrants and the March 2022 Warrants to provide that all of such outstanding warrants shall be automatically exchanged for shares of common stock of the Company, at a rate of 0.33 shares of Common Stock (the Exchange Shares for each September 2021 Warrant or March 2022 Warrant, as applicable, and (ii) the April 2018 Warrants to remove the obligation of the Company to hold the portion of a Distribution (as defined in the April 2018 Warrants) in abeyance in connection with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined in the April 2018 Warrants). 
 
 In connection with the exchange for all of the then outstanding September 2021 Warrants and March 2022 Warrants as of the effective date of the Warrant Amendments, the Company issued 324,918 Exchange Shares in the aggregate. 
 
 Enterprise Apps Spin-off and Business Combination 
 
 On March 14, 2023, Inpixon completed (the Closing the separation (the Separation of its enterprise apps business (including its workplace experience technologies, indoor mapping, events platform, augmented reality and related business solutions) (the Enterprise Apps Business through a spin-off of CXApp Holding Corp., a Delaware corporation ("CXApp"), to certain holders of Inpixon securities as of March 6, 2023 (the Record Date on a pro rata basis (the Distribution or Enterprise Apps Spin-off and merger (the Merger of CXApp with a wholly owned subsidiary of KINS Technology Group Inc., a Delaware corporation KINS ), in a Reverse Morris Trust transaction (collectively, the Transactions pursuant to (i) an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 25, 2022, by and among Inpixon, KINS, CXApp, and KINS Merger Sub Inc. (the "Merger Agreement") and (ii) a Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2022, among KINS, Inpixon, CXApp and Design Reactor, Inc. (the "Separation Agreement , and collectively with the Merger Agreement and the other related transaction documents, the Transaction Agreements ). 
 
 In connection with the Closing, KINS was renamed CXApp Inc. New CXApp ). Pursuant to the Transaction Agreements, Inpixon contributed cash sufficient to ensure CXApp had 10 million in cash and cash equivalents prior to the 
 44 

Table of Contents 

deduction of transaction expenses at closing and certain assets and liabilities constituting the Enterprise Apps Business, including certain related subsidiaries of Inpixon, to CXApp (the Contribution ). In consideration for the Contribution, CXApp issued to Inpixon additional shares of CXApp common stock such that the number of shares of CXApp common stock then outstanding equaled the number of shares of CXApp common stock necessary to effect the Distribution. Pursuant to the Distribution, Inpixon shareholders as of the Record Date received one share of CXApp common stock for each share of Inpixon common stock held as of such date. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each share of Legacy CXApp common stock was thereafter exchanged for the right to receive 0.09752221612415190 of a share of New CXApp Class A common stock (with fractional shares rounded down to the nearest whole share) and 0.3457605844401750 of a share of New CXApp Class C common stock (with fractional shares rounded down to the nearest whole share). New CXApp Class A common stock and New CXApp Class C common stock are identical in all respects, except that New CXApp Class C common stock is not listed and will automatically convert into New CXApp Class A common stock on the earlier to occur of (i) the 180th day following the closing of the Merger and (ii) the day that the last reported sale price of New CXApp Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period following the closing of the Merger. Upon the closing of the Transactions, Inpixon s existing securityholders held approximately 50.0 of the shares of New CXApp common stock outstanding. 
 
 Employee Matters Agreement 
 
 On March 14, 2023, in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination and as contemplated by the Separation Agreement, CXApp, Legacy CXApp, Inpixon and Merger Sub entered into the Employee Matters Agreement (the Employee Matters Agreement ). The Employee Matters Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions of certain employee related matters in connection with the transaction, including, but not limited to the participation in benefits for each of the respective companies as relevant, and the assumption and retention of benefit plan assets and liabilities, worker's compensation, payroll taxes, regulatory filings, and the sharing of employee information. 
 
 Tax Matters Agreement 
 
 On March 14, 2023, in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination and as contemplated by the Separation Agreement, CXApp, Legacy CXApp and Inpixon entered into the Tax Matters Agreement (the Tax Matters Agreement which governs each party s respective rights, responsibilities and obligations with respect to tax liabilities and benefits, tax attributes, the preparation and filing of tax returns, the control of audits and other tax proceedings and certain other matters regarding taxes. 
 
 Allocation of Taxes 
 
 In general, KINS and CXApp will be liable for all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign taxes (and any related interest, penalties or audit adjustments) that are (i) imposed with respect to tax returns that include both CXApp and Inpixon, to the extent such taxes are attributable to CXApp or the Enterprise Apps Business, or (ii) imposed with respect to tax returns that include CXApp but not Inpixon, in each case, for tax periods (or portions thereof) beginning after the Distribution. Inpixon will generally be liable for taxes described in clauses (i) and (ii) above for tax periods (or portions thereof) ending on the date of or prior to the Distribution, and any and all Distribution Taxes, as defined in the Tax Matters Agreement (generally, taxes imposed with respect to the Separation, Contribution, and Distribution). However, CXApp and KINS may be liable for certain taxes pursuant to indemnity obligations described below. 
 
 Indemnification Obligations 
 
 The Tax Matters Agreement generally provides for indemnification obligations between New CXApp and KINS, on the one hand, and Inpixon, on the other hand. In particular, CXApp and KINS must indemnify Inpixon for taxes allocated to CXApp or KINS, as described above, and Inpixon must indemnify New CXApp and KINS for taxes as allocated to Inpixon as described above, which would generally include Distribution Taxes. The Tax Matters Agreements, however, provides that KINS and CXApp may be liable for certain taxes to the extent such taxes result from a breach of certain representations or restrictive covenants made by KINS and CXApp, as described below. 

45 

Table of Contents 

Transition Services Agreement 
 
 On March 14, 2023, in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination and as contemplated by the Separation Agreement, Legacy CXApp and Inpixon entered into a Transition Services Agreement (the Transition Services Agreement pursuant to which Inpixon and certain employees and representatives and CXApp and certain employees and representatives will provide services to each other primarily related to payroll and benefits administration, IT support, finance and accounting services, contract administration and management services, and other administrative support services that may be required on an as needed basis, which services are of the type that CXApp and Inpixon provided to, and received from, each other prior to the Separation. The fees for each of the transition services are set forth in the Transition Services Agreement. The Transition Services Agreement will terminate on the expiration of the term of the last service provided under it, and if no expiration date is provided for any transition service, then such transition service will terminate twelve months after the date of the Transition Services Agreement, provided that the receiving party shall have the right to an extension of each or any transition service for up to six months by providing written notice to providing party in advance of the original termination date for such transition service if, prior to such request for extension, the receiving party has used commercially reasonable efforts to establish analogous capabilities of its own. 
 
 The transaction is expected to be tax-free to Inpixon and its securityholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 On March 15, 2023, New CXApp began regular-way trading on NASDAQ under the ticker symbol CXAI. Inpixon continues to trade under the ticker symbol INPX. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ). In connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, we are required to make assumptions and estimates about future events, and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and the related disclosures. We base our assumptions, estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors that management believes to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. On a regular basis, we review the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our consolidated financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance with GAAP. However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material. 
 Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 2 of the audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 which are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe that the following accounting estimates are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results, and they require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. There have been no changes to estimates during the periods presented in the filing. Historically changes in management estimates have not been material. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 The Company recognizes revenue when control is transferred of the promised products or services to its customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those products or services. The Company derives revenue from software as a service, design and implementation services for its Indoor Intelligence systems, and professional services for work performed in conjunction with its systems. 
 
 Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple distinct products and services. Our licenses are sold as perpetual or term licenses and the arrangements typically contain various combinations of maintenance and professional services, which are accounted for as separate performance obligations. In determining how revenue should be recognized, a five-step process is used, which requires judgment and estimates within the revenue recognition process. The most critical judgements required in applying ASC 606 Revenue Recognition from Customers , and our revenue recognition policy relate to the determination of distinct performance obligations. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

We receive fixed consideration for sales of hardware and software products. Revenue is recognized at point in time when the customer has title to the product and risks and rewards of ownership have transferred. 
 
 Revenue related to software as a service contract is recognized over time using the output method (days of software provided) because we are providing continuous access to its service. 
 
 Design and implementation revenue is accounted for using the percentage of completion method. As soon as the outcome of a contract can be estimated reliably, contract revenue is recognized in the consolidated statement of operations in proportion to the stage of completion of the contract. Accounting for these contracts involves the use of estimates to determine total contract costs to be incurred. 
 
 Professional services revenue under fixed fee contracts is recognized over time using the input method (direct labor hours) to recognize revenue over the term of the contract. We have elected the practical expedient to recognize revenue for the right to invoice because our right to consideration corresponds directly with the value to the customer of the performance completed to date. 
 
 We recognize revenue related to Maintenance Services evenly over time using the output method (days of software provided) because we provide continuous service, and the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by our performance as the services are performed. 
 
 We also consider whether an arrangement has any discounts, material rights, or specified future upgrades that may represent additional performance obligations. We offer discounts in the form of prompt payment discounts and rebates for a decrease in service level percentages. We have determined that the most likely amount method is most useful for contracts that provides these discounts and rebates as the contracts have two potential outcomes and a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized is not expected to occur. Discounts have not historically been significant, but we continue to monitor and evaluate these estimates based on historical experience, anticipated performance, and our best judgment. Renewals or extensions of licenses are evaluated as distinct licenses (i.e., a distinct good or service), and revenue attributed to the distinct good or service cannot be recognized until (1) the entity provides the distinct license (or makes the license available) to the customer and (2) the customer is able to use and benefit from the distinct license. If any of these judgments were to change it could cause a material increase or decrease in the amount of revenue we report in a particular period. 
 Goodwill, Acquired Intangible Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets - Impairment Assessments 
 
 Long-lived assets are grouped for recognition and measurement of impairment at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets. The impairment test for long-lived assets requires us to assess the recoverability of our long-lived assets by comparing their net carrying value to the sum of undiscounted estimated future cash flows directly associated with and arising from our use and eventual disposition of the assets. If the net carrying value of a group of long-lived assets exceeds the sum of related undiscounted estimated future cash flows, we would be required to record an impairment charge equal to the excess, if any, of net carrying value over fair value. 
 
 When assessing the recoverability of our long-lived assets, which include property and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets, we make assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors. Some of these assumptions involve a high degree of judgment and bear a significant impact on the assessment conclusions. Included among these assumptions are estimating undiscounted future cash flows, including the projection of comparable sales, operating expenses, capital requirements for maintaining property and equipment and residual value of asset groups. We formulate estimates from historical experience and assumptions of future performance, based on business plans and forecasts, recent economic and business trends, and competitive conditions. In the event that our estimates or related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record an impairment charge. 
 
 We evaluate the remaining useful lives of long-lived assets and identifiable intangible assets whenever events or circumstances indicate that a revision to the remaining period of amortization is warranted. Such events or circumstances may include (but are not limited to): the effects of obsolescence, demand, competition, and/or other economic factors including the 
 47 

Table of Contents 

stability of the industry in which we operate, known technological advances, legislative actions, or changes in the regulatory environment. If the estimated remaining useful lives change, the remaining carrying amount of the long-lived assets and identifiable intangible assets would be amortized prospectively over that revised remaining useful life. We have determined that there were no events or circumstances during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which would indicate a revision to the remaining amortization period related to any of our long-lived assets. Accordingly, we believe that the current estimated useful lives of long-lived assets reflect the period over which they are expected to contribute to future cash flows and are therefore deemed appropriate. 
 
 We have recorded goodwill and other indefinite-lived assets in connection with our acquisitions of Shoom, Locality, Jibestream, GTX, the Systat Parties, Nanotron, CXApp, Game Your Game and IntraNav. Goodwill, which represents the excess of acquisition cost over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets of the acquired company, is not amortized. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are stated at fair value as of the date acquired in a business combination. The recoverability of goodwill is evaluated at least annually and when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. We have determined that it operates and reports in three reporting units: Indoor Intelligence, Saves, and Shoom. 
 
 We analyzed goodwill first to assess qualitative factors, such as macroeconomic conditions, changes in the business environment and reporting unit specific events, to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform a detailed goodwill impairment test as required. The more-likely-than-not threshold is defined as having a likelihood of more than 50 . 
 
 If we bypass the qualitative assessment or conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, then we perform a quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. We calculate the estimated fair value of a reporting unit using a weighting of the income and market approaches. For the income approach, we use internally developed discounted cash flow models that include the following assumptions, among others made by management: projections of revenues, expenses, and related cash flows based on assumed long-term growth rates and demand trends; expected future investments to grow new units; and estimated discount rates. For the market approach, we use internal analyses based primarily on market comparables. We base these assumptions on its historical data and experience, third party appraisals, industry projections, micro and macro general economic condition projections, and its expectations. Due to the variables inherent in our estimates of fair value, differences in assumptions may have a material effect on the result of our impairment analysis. For example, a 100 basis points increase or decrease in only the discount rate utilized as part of the discounted cash flow method (income approach) related to the Indoor Intelligence reporting unit could impact the overall fair value of the reporting unit, on a weighted average, by approximately 2.0 million (decrease) and 2.5 million (increase), respectively. 
 Based on its assessments, the Company has recorded impairment of goodwill and intangibles of 12.2 million and 14.8 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Deferred Income Taxes 
 In accordance with ASC 740 Income Taxes ASC 740 ), management routinely evaluates the likelihood of the realization of its income tax benefits and the recognition of its deferred tax assets. In evaluating the need for any valuation allowance, management will assess whether it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax asset may not be realized on a jurisdictional basis. Ultimately, the realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during those periods in which temporary differences become deductible and/or tax credits and tax loss carry-forwards can be utilized. In performing its analyses, management considers both positive and negative evidence including historical financial performance, previous earnings patterns, future earnings forecasts, tax planning strategies, economic and business trends and the potential realization of net operating loss carry-forwards within a reasonable timeframe. To this end, management considered (i) that we have had historical losses in the prior years and cannot anticipate generating a sufficient level of future profits in order to realize the benefits of our deferred tax asset; (ii) tax planning strategies; and (iii) the adequacy of future income as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, based upon certain economic conditions and historical losses through December 31, 2022. After consideration of these factors, management deemed it appropriate to establish a full valuation allowance with respect to the deferred tax assets for Inpixon, Inpixon Canada, Nanotron GmbH, Intranav GmbH, Inpixon Limited, Inpixon Philippines and Active Mind Technology LTD. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

A liability for unrecognized tax benefits is recorded for any tax benefits claimed in the Company s tax filings that do not meet these recognition and measurement standards. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no liability for unrecognized tax benefits was required to be reported. The guidance also discusses the classification of related interest and penalties on income taxes. The Company s policy is to record interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. No interest or penalties were recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Business Combinations 
 We account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, and accordingly, the assets and liabilities of the acquired business are recorded at their fair values at the date of acquisition. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value is recorded as goodwill. Any changes in the estimated fair values of the net assets recorded for acquisitions prior to the finalization of more detailed analysis, but not to exceed one year from the date of acquisition, will change the amount of the purchase price allocable to goodwill. Any subsequent changes to any purchase price allocations that are material to our consolidated financial results will be adjusted. All acquisition costs are expensed as incurred and in-process research and development costs are recorded at fair value as an indefinite-lived intangible asset and assessed for impairment thereafter until completion, at which point the asset is amortized over its expected useful life. Separately recognized transactions associated with business combinations are generally expensed subsequent to the acquisition date. The application of business combination and impairment accounting requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions. 
 Upon acquisition, the accounts and results of operations are consolidated as of and subsequent to the acquisition date and are included in our Consolidated Financial Statements from the acquisition date. 
 
 R ESULTS OF O PERATIONS 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 The following table sets forth selected consolidated financial data as a percentage of our revenue and the percentage of period-over-period change: 
 For the Years Ended 2022 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Amount of Revenues Amount of Revenues Change Change Revenues 19,418 100 15,995 100 3,423 21 Cost of revenues 5,489 28 4,374 27 1,115 25 Gross profit 13,929 72 11,621 73 2,308 20 Operating expenses 70,629 364 84,364 527 (13,735) (16) Loss from operations (56,700) (292) (72,743) (455) 16,043 22 Other (expense)/income (9,669) (50) 1,201 8 (10,870) (905) Income tax benefit 65 1,412 9 (1,347) (95) Net loss (66,304) (341) (70,130) (438) 3,826 5 Net loss attributable to stockholders of Inpixon (63,394) (326) (69,155) (432) 5,761 8 
 Amounts used to calculate dollar and percentage changes are based on numbers in the thousands. Accordingly, calculations in this item, which may be rounded to the nearest hundred thousand, may not produce the same results. 
 
 Revenues 
 Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 19.4 million compared to 16.0 million for the comparable period in the prior year for an increase of approximately 3.4 million, or approximately 21 . This increase is primarily attributable to an increase in Indoor Intelligence sales, including approximately 2.6 million from our smart office app and approximately 1.0 million from our real time location based technologies. On March 14, 2023 the Company completed the CXApp spin-off and revenue from this business will not be included after that date and instead will be recognized by CXApp. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

We expect this to lower our revenues from March 15,2023 going forward as we will only recognize the business segments remaining with Inpixon which includes approximately 50 of our Indoor Intelligence segment plus 100 of our SAVES and Shoom segments. 
 
 Gross Margin 
 Cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 5.5 million compared to 4.4 million for the comparable period in the prior year. This increase in cost of revenues of approximately 1.1 million, or approximately 25 , was primarily attributable to the increased sales during the year. 
 The gross profit margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 72 compared to 73 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This lower margin is primarily due to the sales mix during the year. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 70.63 million and 84.36 million for the comparable period ended December 31, 2021. This decrease of 13.7 million is primarily attributable to an approximate 9.4 million decrease in accrued earnout compensation expense, 7.2 million decrease in stock based compensation, 2.6 million decrease in the impairment of goodwill and intangibles offset by approximately 2.0 of unrealized foreign exchange losses and increases in other expenses including amortization of intangibles due to the acquisitions, professional fees, legal fees and compensation costs. 
 
 Loss From Operations 
 Loss from operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 56.7 million as compared to 72.7 million for the comparable period in the prior year. This decrease in loss of 16.0 million is primarily attributable to decreased operating expenses of 13.7 million as detailed above and the increased gross profit margin of approximately 2.3 million. 
 
 Other Income/(Expense) 
 Other income/expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was expense of 9.7 million compared to an income of 1.2 million for the comparable period in the prior year. This increase in other expense of approximately 10.9 million is primarily attributable to the unrealized loss on equity securities and unrealized foreign exchange losses. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 There was an income tax benefit of approximately 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to an income tax benefit of 1.4 million for the comparable period in the prior year. The net income tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was related to a current income tax benefit true-up adjustment of 0.2 million offset by a 0.1 million current foreign tax expense. The net income tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2021 was related to a current income tax expense of 1.2 million primarily from the gain on the Sysorex note offset by a 2.6 million deferred tax benefit primarily related to the release of a valuation allowance following the acquisition of intangibles of Design Reactor. 
 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable To Non-Controlling Interest 
 Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was a loss of 2.9 million and a loss of 1.0 million, respectively. The increase in loss of approximately 1.9 million was mainly attributable to the loss of the Game Your Game entity. 
 
 Net Loss Attributable To Stockholders of Inpixon 
 Net loss attributable to stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 63.4 million compared to 69.2 million for the comparable period in the prior year. This decrease in loss of approximately 5.8 million was primarily attributable to the decrease in operating expenses of 13.7 million and the higher gross margin of 2.3 million offset by an increase in other loss of 10.9 million. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Non-GAAP Financial information 
 EBITDA 
 EBITDA is defined as net income (loss) before interest, provision for (benefit from) income taxes, and depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is used by our management as the matrix in which it manages the business. It is defined as EBITDA plus adjustments for other income or expense items, non-recurring items and non-cash stock-based compensation. 
 Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022 was a loss of 26.6 million compared to a loss of 29.6 million for the prior year period. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net income/loss attributable to stockholders of Inpixon, which is our GAAP operating performance measure, to Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net loss attributable to common stockholders (79,570) (77,316) Interest expense/(income), net 673 (1,183) Income tax benefit (65) (1,412) Depreciation and amortization 7,456 6,451 EBITDA (71,506) (73,460) Adjusted for: Non-recurring one-time charges: Loss on exchange of debt for equity 30 Recovery for valuation allowance on held for sale loan (7,345) Gain on related party loan held for sale (49,817) Unrealized loss on equity securities 7,904 57,067 Unrealized loss on equity method investment 1,784 Acquisition transaction/financing costs 426 1,248 Earnout compensation expense 6,524 Professional service fees 8 1,366 Accretion of series 7 preferred stock 4,555 8,161 Accretion of series 8 preferred stock 13,090 Deemed dividend modification Series 8 Preferred Stock 2,627 Deemed Contribution modification of warrants (1,469) Amortization premium modification of Series 8 Preferred Stock (2,627) Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets 12,199 14,789 Unrealized gains on notes and loans 1,707 241 Bad debts expense/provision (31) 121 Reserve for inventory obsolescense 1 300 Stock-based compensation - compensation and related benefits 3,656 10,879 Severance costs 250 294 Restructuring costs 845 Adjusted EBITDA (26,581) (29,602) 
 We rely on Adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure for the following: 
 51 

Table of Contents 

To review and assess the operating performance of our Company as permitted by ASC Topic 280, Segment Reporting; 
 To compare our current operating results with corresponding periods and with the operating results of other companies in our industry; 
 As a basis for allocating resources to various projects; 
 As a measure to evaluate potential economic outcomes of acquisitions, operational alternatives and strategic decisions; and 
 To evaluate internally the performance of our personnel. 
 We have presented Adjusted EBITDA above because we believe it conveys useful information to investors regarding our operating results. We believe it provides an additional way for investors to view our operations, when considered with both our GAAP results and the reconciliation to net income (loss). By including this information, we can provide investors with a more complete understanding of our business. Specifically, we present Adjusted EBITDA as supplemental disclosure because of the following: 
 We believe Adjusted EBITDA is a useful tool for investors to assess the operating performance of our business without the effect of interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization and other non-cash items including stock based compensation, amortization of intangibles, change in the fair value of shares to be issued, change in the fair value of derivative liability, impairment of goodwill and one time charges including gain/loss on the settlement of obligations, severance costs, provision for doubtful accounts, acquisition costs and the costs associated with the public offering. 
 We believe that it is useful to provide to investors with a standard operating metric used by management to evaluate our operating performance; and 
 We believe that the use of Adjusted EBITDA is helpful to compare our results to other companies. 
 Even though we believe Adjusted EBITDA is useful for investors, it does have limitations as an analytical tool. Thus, we strongly urge investors not to consider this metric in isolation or as a substitute for net income (loss) and the other consolidated statement of operations data prepared in accordance with GAAP. Some of these limitations include the fact that: 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect our cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the significant interest expense or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on our debt; 
 Although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect income or other taxes or the cash requirements to make any tax payments; and 
 Other companies in our industry may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do, thereby potentially limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

Because of these limitations, Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered a measure of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business or as a measure of performance in compliance with GAAP. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and providing Adjusted EBITDA only as supplemental information. 
 Proforma Non-GAAP Net Loss per Share 
 Basic and diluted net loss per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 34.12) compared to 51.18) for the prior year period. The decreased loss per share in 2022 was attributable to the changes discussed in our results of operations. 
 Proforma non-GAAP net income (loss) per share is used by our Company s management as an evaluation tool as it manages the business and is defined as net income (loss) per basic and diluted share adjusted for non-cash items including stock based compensation, amortization of intangibles and one time charges including gain on the settlement of obligations, severance costs, provision for doubtful accounts, change in the fair value of shares to be issued, acquisition costs and the costs associated with the public offering. 
 Proforma non-GAAP net loss per basic and diluted common share for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 12.25) compared to a loss of 18.77) per share for the prior year period. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

The following table presents a reconciliation of net loss per basic and diluted share, which is our GAAP operating performance measure, to proforma non-GAAP net loss per share for the periods reflected (in thousands, except per share data): 
 For the Years Ended December 31, (thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 Net loss attributable to common stockholders (79,570) (77,316) Adjustments: Non-recurring one-time charges: Loss on the exchange of debt for equity 30 Recovery for valuation allowance on held for sale loan (7,345) Gain on related party loan held for sale (49,817) Unrealized loss on equity securities 7,904 57,067 Unrealized loss on equity method investment 1,784 Acquisition transaction/financing costs 426 1,248 Earnout compensation expense 6,524 Professional service fees 8 1,366 Accretion of series 7 preferred stock 4,555 8,161 Accretion of series 8 preferred stock 13,090 Deemed dividend modification Series 8 Preferred Stock 2,627 Deemed Contribution modification of warrants (1,469) Amortization premium modification of Series 8 Preferred Stock (2,627) Impairment of goodwill and intangibles 12,199 14,789 Unrealized gains on notes and loans 1,707 241 Bad debts expense/provision (31) 121 Reserve for inventory obsolescense 1 300 Stock-based compensation - compensation and related benefits 3,656 10,879 Severance costs 250 294 Restructuring costs 845 Amortization of intangibles 6,082 5,107 Proforma non-GAAP net loss (28,563) (28,351) Proforma non-GAAP net loss per basic and diluted common share (12.25) (18.77) Weighted average basic and diluted common shares outstanding 2,332,041 1,510,678 
 We rely on proforma non-GAAP net loss per share, which is a non-GAAP financial measure: 
 To review and assess the operating performance of our Company as permitted by ASC Topic 280, Segment Reporting; 
 To compare our current operating results with corresponding periods and with the operating results of other companies in our industry; 
 As a measure to evaluate potential economic outcomes of acquisitions, operational alternatives and strategic decisions; and 
 To evaluate internally the performance of our personnel. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

We have presented proforma non-GAAP net loss per share above because we believe it conveys useful information to investors regarding our operating results. We believe it provides an additional way for investors to view our operations, when considered with both our GAAP results and the reconciliation to net income (loss), and that by including this information we can provide investors with a more complete understanding of our business. Specifically, we present proforma non-GAAP net loss per share as supplemental disclosure because: 
 We believe proforma non-GAAP net loss per share is a useful tool for investors to assess the operating performance of our business without the effect of non-cash items including stock based compensation, amortization of intangibles and one time charges including gain on the settlement of obligations, severance costs, provision for doubtful accounts, change in the fair value of shares to be issued, acquisition costs and the costs associated with the public offering. 
 We believe that it is useful to provide to investors a standard operating metric used by management to evaluate our operating performance; and 
 We believe that the use of proforma non-GAAP net loss per share is helpful to compare our results to other companies. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources as of December 31, 2022 
 Our current capital resources and operating results as of and through December 31, 2022, consist of: 
 1) an overall working capital surplus of approximately 5.2 million; 
 2) cash of approximately 20.2 million; 
 3) net cash used by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 34.0 million. 
 The breakdown of our overall working capital surplus is as follows (in thousands): 
 Working Capital Assets Liabilities Net Cash and cash equivalents 20,235 20,235 Accounts receivable, net / accounts payable 3,227 2,557 670 Inventory 2,442 2,442 Accrued liabilities 4,355 (4,355) Operating lease obligation 477 (477) Deferred revenue 3,485 (3,485) Notes and other receivables / Short-term debt 509 13,643 (13,134) Other 3,453 197 3,256 Total 29,866 24,714 5,152 
 The Company believes that their current liquidity position, including the cash raised under promissory notes and under the Sales Agreement subsequent to year end, less the funds required to be contributed with the spin-off of the Enterprise Apps Business, has the ability to mitigate any going concern indicators for a period of at least one year from the date these financial statements are issued. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 
 Contractual obligations are cash that we are obligated to pay as part of certain contracts that we have entered during our course of business. Our contractual obligations consists of operating lease liabilities and acquisition liabilities that are included in our consolidated balance sheet and vendor commitments associated with agreements that are legally binding. As of December 31, 2022, the total obligation for operating leases is approximately 1.4 million, of which approximately 0.5 million is expected to be paid in the next twelve months. As of December 31, 2022, our obligation for acquisition liabilities is approximately 0.2 million of which approximately 0.2 million is expected to be paid in the next twelve months. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, as part of the Enterprise Apps Spin-off, the Company was required to contribute the cash needed so that the spin-off entity (CXApp Holding Corp.) had a 10 million cash balance at the time of the closing of the transaction. The amount contributed to the spin-off entity at closing on March 14, 2023 was approximately 4.0 million. 

Promissory Notes 
 
 As of March 26, 2023, the Company owed approximately 15.1 million in principal under promissory notes payable within the next twelve months inclusive of interest owed. The interest rate charged under the notes range from 8 to 10 . See Note 17 - Debt of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 of 34.0 million consists of net loss of 66.3 million offset by non-cash adjustments of approximately 32.3 million less net cash changes in operating assets and liabilities of approximately 0.004 million. Although the Company has sustained significant losses during the 2022 year, during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 we raised net proceeds from notes of 12.3 million and raised net proceeds of 14.1 million from a registered direct offering. Additionally in the quarter ended March 31, 2023 the Company raised gross proceed of approximately 15.4 million under an equity distribution agreement. Given our current cash balances and budgeted cash flow requirements, including the cash raised under promissory notes and under the Sales Agreement subsequent to year end, less the approximate 4.0 million required to be contributed with the spin-off of the Enterprise Apps Business to meet the 10 million cash balance required at the time of closing, the Company believes such funds are sufficient to satisfy its working capital needs, capital asset purchases, debt repayments and other liquidity requirements associated with its existing operations for the next 12 months from the issuance date of the financial statements. However, general economic or other conditions resulting from COVID 19 or other material events may impact the liquidity of our common stock or our ability to continue to access capital from the sale of our securities to support our growth plans. Our business has been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and may continue to be impacted. While we have been able to continue operations remotely, we have and continue to experience supply chain cost increases and constraints and delays in the receipt of certain components of our products impacting delivery times for our products. We have also seen some impact in the demand of certain products and delays in certain projects and customer orders either because they require onsite services which could not be performed as a result of new rules and regulations resulting from the pandemic, customer facilities being partially or fully closed during the pandemic or because of the uncertainty of the customer s financial position and ability to invest in our technology. 
 Despite these challenges, we were able to realize growth in total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared to the year ended 2021. The total impact that COVID-19 will have on general economic conditions is continuously evolving and the impact it may continue to have on our results of operations continues to remain uncertain and there are no assurances that we will be able to continue to experience the same growth or not be materially adversely effected. The Company may continue to pursue strategic transactions and may raise such additional capital as needed, using our equity securities and/or cash and debt financings in combinations appropriate for each acquisition. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources as of December 31, 2022 Compared With December 31, 2021 
 The Company s net cash flows used in operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and certain balances as of the end of those periods are as follows (in thousands): 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash used in operating activities (33,963) (37,131) Net cash used in investing activities 36,387 (53,508) Net cash provided by financing activities (34,586) 125,037 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash (83) 86 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents (32,245) 34,484 
 56 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 Cash and cash equivalents 20,235 52,480 Working capital surplus 5,152 78,831 
 
 Operating Activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 Net cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 34.0 million. The cash flows related to the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of the following (in thousands): Net loss (66,304) Non-cash income and expenses 32,345 Net change in operating assets and liabilities (4) Net cash used in operating activities (33,963) 
 The non-cash income and expense of approximately 32.3 million consisted primarily of the following (in thousands): 
 7,456 Depreciation and amortization expenses 706 Amortization of right of use asset (278) Accrued interest income, related party 3,656 Stock-based compensation expense attributable to warrants and options issued as part of Company operations 489 Amortization of debt discount 10 Provision for inventory obsolescence (32) Provision for doubtful accounts 1,707 Unrealized gain/loss on note (1) Deferred income tax 7,904 Unrealized loss on equity securities 12,199 Impairment of goodwill and intangibles (2,827) Earnout payment expense 1 Loss on disposal of property and equipment 151 Realized loss on sale of equity securities 1,784 Unrealized loss on equity method investment (791) Gain on conversion of note receivable 211 Other 32,345 Total non-cash expenses 
 The net cash used in the change in operating assets and liabilities aggregated approximately 0.004 million and consisted primarily of the following (in thousands): 
 57 

Table of Contents 

(115) Increase in accounts receivable and other receivables 843 Decrease in inventory, other current assets and other assets 182 Increase in accounts payable 977 Increase in accrued liabilities and other liabilities (677) Decrease in operating lease liabilities (1,214) Decrease in deferred revenue (4) Net cash used in the changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Operating Activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Net cash used in operating activities during the years ended December 31, 2021 was approximately 37.1 million. The cash flows related to the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of the following (in thousands): 
 Net loss (70,130) Non-cash income and expenses 35,847 Net change in operating assets and liabilities (2,848) Net cash used in operating activities (37,131) 
 The non-cash income and expense of approximately 35.8 million consisted primarily of the following (in thousands): 
 6,451 Depreciation and amortization expenses 677 Amortization of right of use asset (1,627) Accrued interest income, related party 10,879 Stock-based compensation expense attributable to warrants and options issued as part of Company operations and for the Jibestream acquisition 30 Loss on exchange of debt for equity 224 Amortization of debt discount 300 Provision for inventory obsolescence (49,817) Gain on settlement of related party promissory note 121 Provision for doubtful accounts (92) Unrealized gain/loss on note (7,345) Recovery for valuation allowance for held for sale loan (2,593) Deferred income tax 57,067 Unrealized loss on equity securities 14,789 Impairment of goodwill 6,524 Earnout payment expense 24 Loss on disposal of property and equipment 235 Other 35,847 Total non-cash expenses 
 The net use of cash in the change in operating assets and liabilities aggregated approximately 2.8 million and consisted primarily of the following (in thousands): 
 58 

Table of Contents 

(313) Increase in accounts receivable and other receivables (3,919) Increase in inventory, other current assets and other assets 391 Increase in accounts payable 834 Increase in accrued liabilities and other liabilities (658) Decrease in operating lease liabilities 817 Increase in deferred revenue (2,848) Net use of cash in the changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Net cash flows used in investing activities during 2022 was approximately 36.4 million compared to net cash flows used in investing activities during 2021 of approximately 53.5 million. Cash flows related to investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 include 0.2 million for the purchase of property and equipment, 0.9 million for investment in capitalized software, 43.0 million sales of treasury bills, 5.5 million purchase of convertible note, 0.2 million sales of equity securities, and 0.2 million for issuance of note receivable. 
 Cash flows related to investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 include 0.3 million for the purchase of property and equipment, 1.0 million for investment in capitalized software, 63.4 million for the purchase of treasury bills, 2.0 million for short term investments, 28.0 million sales of treasury bills, 2.0 million sale of short term investment, 0.9 million for cash paid the in Systat License Agreement, 0.2 million received from the acquisition of Game Your Game, 15.0 million paid for the acquisition of CXApp, 0.1 million paid for acquisition of Visualix, and 1.0 million paid for acquisition of IntraNav. 
 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Net cash flows used by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 34.6 million. Net cash flows provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was 125.0 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received incoming cash flows of 46.9 million for the issuance of common stock, preferred stock and warrants, received 12.3 million from promissory note, received 14.1 million from registered direct offering, paid 0.3 million of taxes related to the net share settlement of restricted stock units, paid a 5.1 million liability related to the CXApp acquisition, paid 49.3 million for redemption of Series 7 Preferred Stock, and paid 53.2 million for redemption of Series 8 Preferred Stock. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received incoming cash flows of 128.4 million for the issuance of common stock, preferred stock and warrants, loaned 0.1 million to related parties, paid 1.9 million of taxes related to the net share settlement of restricted stock units, paid 0.5 million liability related to the CXApp acquisition, paid 0.5 million acquisition liability to the pre-acquisition shareholders of Nanotron and paid a 0.5 million acquisition liability to the pre-acquisition shareholders of Locality. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not have any off-balance sheet guarantees, interest rate swap transactions or foreign currency contracts. We do not engage in trading activities involving non-exchange traded contracts. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 For a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements, please see Note 2 to our financial statements, which are included in this report beginning on page F-1. 
 
 ITEM 7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 59 

Table of Contents 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide this information. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 INPIXON 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page No. ANNUAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB NO. 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 10 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 11 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 14 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 17 

F-1 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 
 Inpixon and Subsidiaries 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Inpixon and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Valuation of Goodwill Impairment 
 
 Description of the Matter 
 
 The Company evaluates its goodwill for impairment annually or when there is an indication that there was an impairment. The estimates of fair value of the reporting units are computed using a combination of both an income approach and a market approach and the Company's reporting units are higher than the fair value of the fair value of the reporting units. 
 
 Under the income approach, the Company utilizes the discounted cash flow method to estimate the fair value of the reporting units. Some of the significant assumptions inherent in estimating the fair values include the estimated future annual net cash flows for each reporting unit (including net sales, operating income margin, and working capital) and a discount rate that appropriately reflects the risks inherent in each future cash flow stream. The Company selected assumptions used in the financial forecasts using historical data, supplemented by current and anticipated market conditions, estimated growth rates, management s plans, and guideline companies. Under the market approach, fair value is derived from metrics of publicly traded 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

companies or historically completed transactions of comparable businesses. The selection of comparable businesses is based on the markets in which the reporting units operate giving consideration to risk profiles, size, geography, and diversity of products and services. 
 
 The goodwill balance was fully impaired as of December 31, 2022. As of the measurement date the carrying value of the Indoor Intelligence reporting unit exceeded the fair value as of the measurement date and, therefore, the Company recorded an impairment of 7.6 million. 
 
 We identified goodwill impairment as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions made by management to estimate fair value given the sensitivity of operations to changes in demand for all reporting units and historical results and long-range strategic plans of the reporting units. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions related to the selection of the discount rates and forecasts of future net sales for all reporting units, and the future operating income margins for the Indoor Intelligence reporting unit. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in our Audit 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included the following. (1) We evaluated the Company s forecasted revenue (2) Evaluated the guideline companies used and operated in a similar industry as the subject reporting unit. (3) The guideline companies and transaction appear appropriate (4) The Company used the appropriate modified capital asset pricing model and a weighted average cost of capital. (5) We sensitized the projections and compared them to the valuation report to materially assess the impact to the reported amount of the impairment. (6) We evaluated the disclosures in the Company's financial statements for proper reporting. 
 
 Valuation of Intangible Asset Impairment 
 
 Description of the Matter 
 
 Auditing the Company's impairment assessments is complex due to the significant estimation required in determining the recoverable amount, being the higher of the value in use and fair value less costs to sell. The Company's methodologies for estimating the recoverable value of these assets involve significant assumptions and inputs, including projected financial information for net sales and operating profit by product, all of which are sensitive to and affected by economic, industry, and company-specific qualitative factors. These significant assumptions and inputs are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. 
 
 We gained an understanding of the Company s process to identify and account for impairment of intangible assets. The Group performs intangible assets impairment testing whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the cash-generating unit may not be recoverable. To determine whether an impairment shall be recognized, the carrying amount of a cash-generating unit is compared to its recoverable amount. If the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the cash-generating unit is reduced to its recoverable amount, and this reduction is recognized as an impairment loss. The recoverable amount of a cash-generating unit is the higher of its fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. The value in use is determined based on the estimated future cash flows and pre-tax discount rate for the cash-generating unit. 
 
 The intangible asset balance was 22.3 million as of December 31, 2022. As of the measurement date the carrying value of the of the intangible assets exceeded the fair values as of the measurement date and, therefore, the Company recorded an impairment of 4.6 million. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in our Audit 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included the following. (1) We evaluated management s projected revenues and process for developing the fair value estimates. (2) We tested the completeness accuracy and relevance of underlying data used in the models. (3) We evaluated the reasonableness of the assumptions used by management. (4) We sensitized the projections and compared them to the valuation report to materially assess the impact to the reported amount of the impairment. (5) We evaluated the disclosures in the Company's financial statements for proper reporting. 

F-3 

Table of Contents 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. 

April 17, 2023 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except number of shares and par value data) 

 As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 Assets Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and , respectively 
 Other receivables Inventory, net Short-term investments Note receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total Current Assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use asset, net Software development costs, net Investments in equity securities Long-term investments Intangible assets, net Goodwill, net Other assets Total Assets 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONTINUED) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares and par value data) 

As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current Liabilities Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Operating lease obligation, current Deferred revenue Short-term debt Acquisition liability Total Current Liabilities Long Term Liabilities Operating lease obligation, noncurrent Other liabilities, noncurrent Acquisition liability, noncurrent Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Mezzanine Equity Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock - shares authorized; and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock - share authorized; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,respectively. 
 Stockholders Equity Preferred Stock - par value; shares authorized 
 Series 4 Convertible Preferred Stock - shares authorized; issued, and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Series 5 Convertible Preferred Stock - shares authorized; issued, and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Common Stock - par value; shares authorized; and issued and and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost, share 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit ) ) 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONTINUED) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares and par value data) 

Stockholders Equity Attributable to Inpixon Non-controlling Interest ) Total Stockholders Equity Total Liabilities, Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders Equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues Cost of Revenues Gross Profit Operating Expenses Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Acquisition-related costs Impairment of goodwill and intangibles Amortization of intangibles Total Operating Expenses Loss from Operations ) ) Other Income (Expense) Interest (expense)/income, net ) Loss on exchange of debt for equity ) Benefit for valuation allowance on related party loan - held for sale Other income/( expense) ) Gain on related party loan - held for sale Unrealized loss on equity securities ) ) Unrealized loss on equity method investment ) Total Other Income (Expense) ) Net Loss, before tax ) ) Income tax benefit Net Loss ) ) Net Expense Attributable to Non-controlling Interest ) ) Net Loss Attributable to Stockholders of Inpixon ) ) Accretion of Series 7 preferred Stock ) ) Accretion of Series 8 Preferred Stock ) Deemed dividend for the modification related to Series 8 Preferred Stock ) Deemed contribution for the modification related to Warrants issued in connection with Series 8 Preferred Stock Amortization premium- modification related to Series 8 Preferred Stock Net Loss Attributable to Common Stockholders Net Loss Per Share - Basic and Diluted 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 Weighted Average Shares Outstanding Basic and Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands) 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net Loss ) ) Unrealized foreign exchange gain (loss) from cumulative translation adjustments ) Comprehensive Loss ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 F-10 

INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN MEZZANINE EQUITY AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Series 7 Preferred Stock Series 8 Preferred Stock Series 4 Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Non-Controlling Interest Total Stockholders (Deficit) Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance - January 1, 2022 ) ) ) Stock options and restricted stock awards granted to employees and consultants for services Common shares issued for extinguishment of debt Series 8 Preferred Stock issued for cash Accrete Discount - Series 7 Preferred Shares ) ) Accrete Discount - Series 8 Preferred Shares ) ) Deemed dividend for the modification related to Series 8 Preferred Stock ) ) Deemed contribution for the modification related to warrants isued in connection with Series 8 Preferred Stock ) Amortization premium - modification related to Series 8 Preferred Stock ) Series 7 Preferred Stock redeemed for cash ) ) Series 8 Preferred Stock redeemed for cash ) ) Restricted stock grants withheld for taxes ) ) ) Common shares issued for CXApp earnout Common shares issued for exchange of warrants Common shares issued for net proceeds from warrants Common shares issued for share rights Common shares issued for registered direct offering Cumulative translation adjustment ) Net loss ) ) ) Balance - December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) 
 F-11 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 F-12 

INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN MEZZANINE EQUITY AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (CONTINUED) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 Series 7 Preferred Stock Series 4 Convertible Preferred Stock Series 5 Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Non-Controlling Interest Total Stockholders (Deficit) Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance - January 1, 2021 ) ) ) Common shares issued for registered direct offering Common shares issued for extinguishment of debt Common shares issued for cashless stock options exercised Common shares issued for net proceeds from warrants exercised Stock options and restricted stock awards granted to employees and consultants for services Common shares issued for acquisition of of Game Your Game 
 Common shares issued for Visualix acquisition Common shares issued for the CXApp Common shares issued for restricted stock grants Taxes paid on stock based compensation ) ) Series 7 Preferred Stock issued for cash Series 7 Preferred Stock converted to common stock ) ) Accrete Discount - Preferred Shares ) ) Restricted stock grants forfeited ) Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Balance - December 31, 2021 ) ) ) 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 

 / For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash Flows Used in Operating Activities Net loss ) ) Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of right-of-use asset Stock options and restricted stock awards granted to employees and consultants for services Earnout payment expense ) Loss on exchange of debt for equity Amortization of debt discount Accrued interest income, related party ) ) Provision for doubtful accounts ) Unrealized gain/loss on note ) Provision for inventory obsolescense Recovery for valuation allowance for held for sale loan ) Gain on settlement of related party promissory note ) Deferred income tax ) ) Unrealized loss on equity securities Impairment of goodwill and intangibles Loss on disposal of property and equipment Realized loss on sale of equity securities Unrealized loss on equity method investment Gain on conversion of note receivable ) Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable and other receivables ) ) Inventory ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Other assets Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Income tax liabilities Deferred revenue ) Operating lease obligation ) ) Other liabilities Net Cash Used in Operating Activities ) ) Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities Purchase of property and equipment ) ) 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 
 (In thousands) 

 Investment in capitalized software ) ) Purchases of short term investments ) Sale of short term investments Purchases of treasury bills ) Sales of treasury bills Sales of equity securities Purchases of convertible note ) Issuance of note receivable ) Investment in Systat licensing agreement ) Purchase of intangible assets ) Acquisition of Intranav ) Acquisition of Game Your Game Acquisition of CXApp ) Acquisition of Visualix ) Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities ) Cash From Financing Activities Net proceeds from issuance of preferred stock and warrants Net proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants Net proceeds from promissory note Taxes paid related to net share settlement of restricted stock units ) ) Loans to related party ) Net proceeds for registered direct offering Common shares issued for net proceeds from warrants Cash paid for redemption of preferred stock series 7 ) Cash paid for redemption of preferred stock series 8 ) Repayment of CXApp acquisition liability ) ) Repayment of acquisition liability to Nanotron shareholders ) Repayment of acquisition liability to Locality shareholders ) Net Cash (Used in) Provided By Financing Activities ) Effect of Foreign Exchange Rate on Changes on Cash ) Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents - Beginning of year Cash and Cash Equivalents - End of year Supplemental Disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for: Interest Income Taxes 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 
 (In thousands) 

 Non-cash investing and financing activities Common shares issued for extinguishment of debt Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for lease liability Settlement of Sysorex Note Investment in equity securities through conversion of note receivable Common shares issued for CXApp acquisition Common shares issued for Game Your Game acquisition Common shares issued for Visualix asset acquisition Preferred shares converted into common shares Common shares issued in exchange for warrants 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Note 1 - 
 
 segments: Indoor Intelligence, Shoom and SAVES. For Indoor Intelligence, we generate revenue from sales of hardware, software licenses and professional services. For Shoom and SAVES we generate revenue from the sale of software licenses. 
 Enterprise Apps Spin-off and Business Combination 
 
 On September 25, 2022, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") by and among Inpixon, KINS Technology Group Inc., a Delaware corporation (renamed CXApp Inc., "KINS" or "New CXApp"), CXApp Holding Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of New CXApp (formerly a wholly-owned subsidiary of Inpixon, "CXApp"), and KINS Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of KINS ("Merger Sub"), pursuant to which KINS would acquire Inpixon's enterprise apps business (including its workplace experience technologies, indoor mapping, events platform, augmented reality and related business solutions) (the "Enterprise Apps Business") through the merger of Merger Sub with and into CXApp (the Merger ), with CXApp continuing as the surviving company and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of KINS, in exchange for the issuance of shares of KINS capital stock valued at million (the "Business Combination"). Immediately prior to the Merger and pursuant to a Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2022, among KINS, Inpixon, CXApp and Design Reactor, Inc., a California corporation ("Design Reactor") (the "Separation Agreement"), and other ancillary conveyance documents, Inpixon would, among other things and on the terms and subject to the conditions of the Separation Agreement, transfer the Enterprise Apps Business, including certain related 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 of the common stock of CXApp, par value , to certain holders of Inpixon securities as of the record date of March 6, 2023 (the "Enterprise Apps Spin-Off"). The Merger closed on March 14, 2023. See Note 32. 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 
 On October 7, 2022, the Company effected a 1-for-75 reverse stock split. See Note 21 for more details. All historical share and per share amounts reflected throughout this report have been adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split. 
 
 Note 2 - 
 million and cash of approximately million. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a net loss attributable to common stockholders of approximately million and net cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was million. 
 During the first quarter of 2022, the Company was required to redeem its Series 7 Preferred Stock for an aggregate amount of million. On March 22, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors named therein, pursuant to which it sold in a registered direct offering (i) shares of Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock and (ii) related warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock. Each share of Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock and the related warrants were sold at a subscription amount of , representing an original issue discount of of the stated value of each share of Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock for an aggregate subscription amount of million. The net proceeds to the Company from this offering was million after placement agent commissions and other offering costs. See further breakdown in Note 18 - Capital Raises. Effective October 1, 2022, the holders of Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock were eligible to redeem their shares. During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Company received cash redemption notices from the holders of the Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock issued on March 22, 2022, for all of the outstanding shares totaling shares of Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock for aggregate cash paid of approximately million. 
 
 On July 22, 2022, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement pursuant to which it agreed to issue and sell to a holder an unsecured promissory note in an aggregate initial principal amount of million for which in exchange for the note, the company received million. Additionally on July 22, 2022, the Company entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the "Sales Agreement") under which the Company may offer and sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to million. The Company did not make any sales pursuant to the Sales Agreement as of December 31, 2022, however, it has raised gross proceeds of approximately million under the Sales Agreement during the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 On October 18, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an institutional investor, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a registered direct offering, shares of the Company s common stock, warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock at a combined offering price of per share and pre-funded warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock at a purchase price of per pre-funded warrant, with each pre-funded warrant having an exercise price of per share. The Company raised net proceeds of million after deduction of sales commissions and other offering expenses. 
 
 On December 30, 2022, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement pursuant to which it agreed to issue and sell to a holder an unsecured promissory note in an aggregate initial principal amount of million, for which in exchange for the note, the company received million. 
 Risks and Uncertainties 
 The Company cannot assure you that we will ever earn revenues sufficient to support our operations, or that we will ever be profitable. In order to continue our operations, we have supplemented the revenues we earned with proceeds from the sale of our equity and debt securities and proceeds from loans and bank credit lines. While the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is generally subsiding, the lasting impact on our business and results of operations continues to remain uncertain. While we were able to continue operations remotely throughout the pandemic, we have experienced supply chain cost increases and constraints 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no cash equivalents. 
 
 The Company has recorded an allowance for credit losses of approximately million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had recorded an inventory obsolescence of approximately million. 
 Investments 
 Available for sale securities are carried at fair value, with an unrealized gains and losses included in the other income (expense) line of the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company recorded unrealized losses of approximately million for the year end December 31, 2021 which was included on the other income (expense) line in the consolidated statements of operations. unrealized gain or loss was recorded on available for sale securities for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Mezzanine equity 
 When ordinary or preferred shares are determined to be conditionally redeemable upon the occurrence of certain events that are not solely within the control of the issuer, and upon such event, the shares would become redeemable at the option of the holders, they are classified as mezzanine equity (temporary equity). The purpose of this classification is to convey that such a 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

The unrealized loss on equity securities was million, and million, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 to years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the useful life of the asset or the initial lease term. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs, which do not extend the economic useful life of the related assets, are charged to operations as incurred, and expenditures, which extend the economic life, are capitalized. When assets are retired, or otherwise disposed of, the costs and related accumulated depreciation or amortization are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss on disposal is recognized. 
 
 to years, which approximates customer attrition rate and technology obsolescence. The Company assesses the carrying value of its intangible assets for impairment each year. Based on its assessments, the Company has recorded impairment of million and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 IPR D capitalized on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 The Company continues to seek additional resources, through both capital raising efforts and meeting with industry experts, for further development of these technologies. Through December 31, 2022, the Company has made some progress with raising capital since these acquisitions, building their pipeline and getting industry acknowledgment. The Company has been recognized by leading industry analysts in a report on leading indoor positioning companies and was also awarded the IoT Security Excellence award by TMC and Crossfire Media. Management remains focused on growing revenue from these products and continues to pursue efforts to recognize the value of the technologies. If the Company chooses to abandon these efforts, or if the Company determines that such funding is not available, the related technologies could be subject to significant impairment. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 The Company has recorded impairment of goodwill of million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 to years. 
 . 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Research and development costs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. 
 Non-Controlling Interest 
 
 The Company has an equity interest in Inpixon India, a equity interest in Inpixon Philippines and a equity interest in Game Your Game as of December 31, 2022. The portion of the Company s equity attributable to this third party non-controlling interest was approximately ) million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company disposed of its equity interest in Inpixon Philippines in connection with the Closing of the Transactions disclosed under Note 32 herein, which include the Enterprise Apps Spin-off and the Merger. 
 million and ) million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Gains or losses resulting from transactions denominated in foreign currencies are included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company engages in foreign currency denominated transactions with customers that operate in functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Aggregate foreign currency net transaction losses were not material for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 stated term with a renewal option, (ii) a perpetual term or (iii) a term for students with the option to upgrade to a perpetual license at the end of the term. The contracts may also provide for yearly on-going maintenance services for a specified price, which includes maintenance services, designated support, and enhancements, upgrades and improvements to the software (the Maintenance Services ), depending on the contract. Licenses for on-premises software provide the customer with a right to use the software as it exists when made available to the customer. All software provides customers with the same functionality and differ mainly in the duration over which the customer benefits from the software. 
 The timing of the Company's revenue recognition related to the licensing revenue stream is dependent on whether the software licensing agreement entered into represents a good or service. Software that relies on an entity s IP and is delivered only through a hosting arrangement, where the customer cannot take possession of the software, is a service. A software arrangement that is provided through an access code or key represents the transfer of a good. Licenses for on-premises software represents a good and provide the customer with a right to use the software as it exists when made available to the customer. Customers may purchase perpetual licenses or subscribe to licenses, which provide customers with the same functionality and differ mainly in the duration over which the customer benefits from the software. Revenue from distinct on-premises licenses is recognized upfront at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer. 
 Renewals or extensions of licenses are evaluated as distinct licenses (i.e., a distinct good or service), and revenue attributed to the distinct good or service cannot be recognized until (1) the entity provides the distinct license (or makes the license available) to the customer and (2) the customer is able to use and benefit from the distinct license. Renewal contracts are not combined with original contracts, and, as a result, the renewal right is evaluated in the same manner as all other additional rights granted after the initial contract. The revenue is not recognized until the customer can begin to use and benefit from the license, which is typically at the beginning of the license renewal period. Therefore, the Company recognizes revenue resulting from renewal of licensed software at a point in time, specifically, at the beginning of the license renewal period. 
 The Company recognizes revenue related to Maintenance Services evenly over the service period using a time-based measure because the Company is providing continuous service and the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Company s performance as the services are performed. 
 Contract Balances 
 The timing of the Company s revenue recognition may differ from the timing of payment by its customers. The Company records a receivable when revenue is recognized prior to payment and the Company has an unconditional right to payment. Alternatively, when payment precedes the provision of the related services, the Company records deferred revenue until the performance obligations are satisfied. The Company had deferred revenue of approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to cash received in advance for product maintenance services and professional services provided by the Company s technical staff. The Company expects to satisfy its remaining performance obligations for these maintenance services and professional services, and recognize the deferred revenue and related contract costs over the next twelve months. 
 Costs to Obtain a Contract 
 The Company recognizes eligible sales commissions as an asset as the commissions are an incremental cost of obtaining a contract with the customer and the Company expects to recover these costs. The capitalized costs are amortized over the expected contract term. 
 Cost to Fulfill a Contract 
 The Company incurs costs to fulfill their obligations under a contract once it has obtained, but before transferring goods or services to the customer. These costs are recorded as an asset as these costs are an incremental cost of fulfilling the contract with the customer and the Company expects to recover these costs. The capitalized costs are amortized over the expected remaining contract term. 
 Multiple Performance Obligations 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

The Company incurred advertising costs, which are included in selling, general and administrative expenses of approximately million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company incurred stock-based compensation charges of approximately million and million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in general and administrative expenses. 
 Warrants Convertible preferred stock Earnout reserve Totals 
 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

F-27 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 Based on its assessments, the Company has recorded impairment of goodwill and intangibles of million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Note 3 - 
 Software Professional services Total recurring revenue Non-recurring revenue Hardware Software Professional services Total non-recurring revenue Total Revenue 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenue recognized at a point in time Indoor Intelligence (1) Saves (1) Shoom (1) Total Revenue recognized over time Indoor Intelligence (2) (3) Saves (3) Shoom (3) Total Total Revenue 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Note 4 - 
 million the Company acquired shares of the Company's common stock from Game Your Game, which represent of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of Game Your Game. The goodwill of million arising from the acquisition consists of an acquired workforce, as well as synergies and economies of scale expected from combined operations of Inpixon and Game Your Game. 
 
 Stock number of common stock shares) 
 Total Purchase Price 
 
 The acquisition is being accounted for as a business combination in accordance with ASC 805 Business Combinations. The Company has determined the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquisition. 
 
 In connection with the acquisition, the Company recorded a non-controlling interest for the ownership from unrelated third parties. The non-controlling interest was recorded at fair value on the closing date of the Acquisition. Future net income (loss) attributable to the non-controlling interest will be allocated based on its respective ownership. The Company has made an allocation of the purchase price of the acquisition to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as of the purchase date. 

F-30 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 Accounts receivable Inventory Other current assets Property and equipment Other assets Tradename Proprietary technology Customer relationship Goodwill Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities assumed Estimated fair value of net assets acquired: Less: Non Controlling Interest ) Estimated fair value of net assets acquired attributable to the Company 
 The value of the intangibles and goodwill were calculated by a third party valuation firm based on projections and financial data provided by management of the Company. The goodwill represents the excess fair value after the allocation to the intangibles. The calculated goodwill is not tax deductible for tax purposes. 
 Total acquisition-related costs for the Acquisition incurred during the period ended December 31, 2021 ended was million and is included in acquisition-related costs in the Purchaser s Statements of Operations. 
 Consulting fees Total acquisition costs 

Note 5 - 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 to Visualix 
 2. issued shares of Common Stock to Visualix; and 
 3. issued to shares of Common Stock to FEVM. 
 
 The asset purchase agreement includes customary representations and warranties, as well as certain covenants, including, inter alia, that the Founders are hired as employees of Inpixon GmbH and Visualix and the Founders shall not, for a period of two ) 
 years following the Closing Date, directly or indirectly, compete with the Company in the sectors of Mapping and Localization Technology (as defined in the asset purchase agreement). 
 
 Stock common stock shares at per share) 
 Total Purchase Price 
 
 Non-compete Agreements Total Purchase Price 

Note 6 - 
 
 million, the Company acquired all of the outstanding capital of the CXApp, incorporated in the State of California. The price was subject to certain post-closing adjustments based on actual working capital as of the closing as described in the stock purchase agreement. The goodwill of million arising from the acquisition consists of an acquired workforce, as well as synergies and economies of scale expected from combined operations of Inpixon and the CXApp. 
 
 Stock common stock shares at per share) 
 Total Purchase Price 
 
 In relation to the cash payment, Inpixon retained million of Holdback Funds from the Purchase Price to secure the Seller's obligations under the stock purchase agreement, with any unused portion of the Holdback Funds to be released to the Seller on the date that is months after the Closing Date. In addition, to the Holdback Funds, the Company is to pay various costs to third parties on the Seller's behalf. These costs consisted of Seller transaction expenses, option payouts, bonus payouts, and miscellaneous accrued expenses. The Company retained cash for these future payments and recorded these future payments in Acquisition Liability on the closing date of the Acquisition. During the measurement period the holdback funds was adjusted by 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 million to account for work capital adjustments. 
 
 Bonus payout Seller transaction expenses Miscellaneous accrued expenses Total current Noncurrent Option payout Bonus payout Holdback funds Total noncurrent Less adjustment to holdback funds due to measurement period adjustment ) Less payments made during the year ended December 31, 2021 ) Less payments made during the year ended December 31, 2022 ) Total acquisition liability 
 
 In connection with the Acquisition, the Company was required to pay an additional amount up to million to certain select sellers of CXApp shares (payable in shares of the Company s common stock based on a per share price of , subject to stockholder approval) in contingent earnout payments subject to CXApp meeting certain revenue targets on the one year anniversary of the Acquisition date. (the "Earnout Payment"). The Earnout Payment was subject to and conditioned upon each individual select seller's continued active employment or service with the Company at the time of the earnout payment date. The Earnout Payment was treated as post-combination compensation expense. 
 
 On December 30, 2021, the Company entered into an Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement (the "Amendment"), with the sellers' representative, pursuant to which the parties to the Purchase Agreement agreed to (i) amend the amount of the earnout target from million to million; (ii) amend the duration of the earnout period from the period of the closing date through twelve month anniversary to the closing date to the period from the closing date through December 31, 2021; and (iii) eliminate the sellers' representative's right to accelerate the Earnout Payment upon a sale or change of control of the Company. 
 
 The Acquisition is being accounted for as a business combination in accordance with ASC 805 Business Combinations. The Company has determined fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Acquisition. 

F-33 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 Trade and other receivables Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property, plant, and equipment Tradename Developed technology Customer relationships Non-compete agreements Goodwill Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Accounts payable Deferred revenue Accrued expenses and other liabilities Deferred tax liability Other tax liability, noncurrent Total liabilities assumed Estimated fair value of net assets acquired: 
 
 The value of the intangibles and goodwill were calculated by a third party valuation firm based on projections and financial data provided by management of the Company. The assets were valued using a combination of multi-period excess earnings methodologies, a relief from royalty approach, a discounted cash flow approach and present value of cash flows approach. The goodwill represents the excess fair value after the allocation to the intangibles. The calculated goodwill is not tax deductible for tax purposes. 
 Total acquisition-related costs for the Acquisition incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021 was million and is included in acquisition-related costs in the Company s Statements of Operations. 
 Legal fees Total acquisition costs 
 On March 3, 2022, we entered into a Second Amendment to that certain Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2021 (the "CXApp Stock Purchase Agreement"), by and among the Company, Design Reactor, Inc. (the "CXApp") and the holders of the outstanding capital stock of CXApp (the "Sellers") with the Sellers' Representative (as defined in the CXApp Stock Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which the parties agreed that withholding taxes payable by certain of the Sellers, as applicable, in connection with the issuance of the Earnout Shares (as defined in the CXApp Purchase Agreement) would be offset up to the aggregate amount payable to such Seller by the Company from the Holdback Amount (as defined in the CXApp Purchase Agreement) and the Holdback Amount would be reduced by an equal amount. On March 3, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to the Sellers in connection with the satisfaction of the Earnout Payment (as defined in the CXApp Purchase Agreement). The fair market value of the Earnout Shares issued of million was lower than the fair market value of the Earnout Shares as of December 31, 2021 of million, and therefore the Company recorded a benefit of 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is included in the General and Administrative costs of the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Note 7 - 
 million, the Purchaser acquired all the outstanding shares of IntraNav. The goodwill of million arising from the Acquisition consists of an acquired workforce, as well as synergies and economies of scale expected from combined operations of Nanotron and IntraNav. 
 
 The Acquisition is being accounted for as a business combination in accordance with ASC 805. The Company has determined the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Acquisition. The Company has made the allocation of the purchase price of the Acquisition to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as of the purchase date. 
 Less: IntraNav's indebtedness in excess of EUR 
 Total Purchase Price (EUR) Total Purchase Price (USD) - at USD per EUR 
 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Inventory Right of use asset Property, plant, and equipment Other assets Tradename trademarks Proprietary technology Customer relationships Goodwill Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Lease liabilities current Lease liabilities - noncurrent Payable to new parent Deferred revenue Total liabilities assumed Estimated fair value of net assets acquired: 
 Total acquisition-related costs for the Acquisition incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021, was , and is included in selling, general and administrative expense in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. 
 Legal fees Total acquisition costs 

Note 8 - 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) Net loss per basic and diluted common share Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic and Diluted 
 
 Note 9 - 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Inventory 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Note 10 - 
 Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Software Total Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total Property and Equipment, Net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense were approximately million and million for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Note 11 - 

Equity rights Total investments in equity securities - fair value 
 
 We entered into a note purchase agreement with Sysorex, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which we agreed to loan Sysorex up to an aggregate principal amount of million on a revolving credit basis (the "Sysorex Note"). On March 1, 2020, we agreed to extend the maturity date of the note from December 31, 2020 to December 31, 2022. On April 14, 2021, we entered into a Securities Settlement Agreement (the SSA and a Rights Letter Agreement (the RLA ), with Sysorex, whereby it agreed to satisfy in full its outstanding debt, in the aggregate amount of approximately million as of March 31, 2021, owed to the Company, including but, not limited to, amounts outstanding under the Sysorex Note (the Debt Settlement ). To effect the Debt Settlement, Sysorex agreed to issue to us shares of its common stock and rights to acquire shares of its common stock pursuant to the terms of the RLA. The Debt Settlement was entered into in connection with Sysorex s closing of a reverse triangular merger with TTM Digital Assets Technologies, Inc. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the fair value of the Sysorex shares and rights to acquire shares were million and million, respectively. 
 
 On April 27, 2022, the Company purchased a convertible note in aggregate principal amount of for a purchase price of from FOXO Technologies Operating Company, formerly FOXO Technologies Inc. FOXO Legacy ), pursuant to the terms of a securities purchase agreement between FOXO Legacy and the Company (the April 2022 Purchase Agreement ). Interest on the convertible note accrues at per annum. The term of the convertible note is , however FOXO Legacy has the ability to extend the maturity date for an additional months. The convertible note is subject to certain conversion features which include qualified financing, and/or qualified transaction, as defined in the April 2022 Purchase Agreement. The Company can voluntarily convert the note after days. The note is required to convert upon FOXO Legacy completing a qualified offering. 
 
 On September 15, 2022, FOXO Legacy consummated a business combination with Delwinds Insurance Acquisition Corp., now known as FOXO Technologies Inc. ("FOXO"), which qualified as a qualified offering as defined in the April 2022 Purchase Agreement. This qualified offering triggered a mandatory conversion of the convertible note to FOXO Legacy common stock which was then automatically converted into shares of FOXO Class A common stock, par value FOXO 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

million to be recognized in the statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 FOXO common stock is traded in active markets, as the security is trading under FOXO on the NYSE American. FOXO common stock is accounted for as available-for-sale equity securities based on Level 1 inputs, which consist of quoted prices in active markets, with unrealized holding gains and losses included in earnings. The fair value was determined by the closing trading price of the security as of December 31, 2022. The Company recognized an unrealized loss on FOXO common stock of million to be recognized in the statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the fair value of the FOXO shares was million and , respectively. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized a net unrealized loss on investments in equity securities of million and million on the statement of operations. 

Note 12 - 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) Software development costs, net 
 The Company tests its long lived assets for potential impairment at least annually, or more frequently if an event or other circumstance indicates that the Company may not be able to recover the carrying amount of the net assets of the reporting unit. There was impairment recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The weighted average remaining amortization period for the Company s software development costs is years. 
 Amortization expense for capitalized software development costs was approximately million and million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 and thereafter Total 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Note 13 - 
 weight was attributed to the income approach and was attributed to the market approach. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized approximately million of goodwill impairment on Systat, GTX, Nanotron, Jibestream, CXApp, Game Your Game, and IntraNav. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company's cumulative impairment charges are approximately million with approximately million related to the Indoor Intelligence reporting unit, approximately million related to the Shoom reporting unit and approximately million related to the SAVES reporting unit. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company's cumulative goodwill impairment charges were approximately million with approximately million related to the Indoor Intelligence reporting unit and approximately million related to the Shoom reporting unit. 
 Goodwill additions through acquisitions Goodwill impairment ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Valuation measurement period adjustments ) ) ) ) Exchange rate fluctuation at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Balance as of January 1, 2022 Goodwill impairment ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Exchange rate fluctuation at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 there was goodwill allocated for the Shoom segment. 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

) ) Trade Name/Trademarks ) ) ) Webstores Websites ) ) ) Customer Relationships ) ) ) Developed Technology ) ) ) Non-compete Agreements ) ) ) Totals ) ) ) 
 The Company reviews intangible and for impairment on an asset group basis on December 31 of each year and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of intangibles and other long-lived assets may not be recoverable. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company assessed its long-lived asset groups for impairment due to qualitative triggering events that consisted of missing operating projections, a sustained decrease in stock price, and planned divestitures to sell and/or dispose of long-lived assets before the end of their useful lives. Therefore, the Company calculated the fair value of each asset group s long-lived assets by utilizing fair value methodologies that are most applicable to each specific asset group. These fair value methodologies included an income based approach, a market based approach and a cost based approach. The Company compared the fair value of each asset group s long-lived assets to their carrying value as of December 31, 2022. The Company determined that the carrying value of the long-lived assets included in the SAVES and Indoor Intelligence segments were greater than their fair values as of December 31, 2022. Therefore, an impairment loss of million and million was recorded in the SAVES and Indoor Intelligence segments as of December 31, 2022. 
 Aggregate Amortization Expense: 
 Aggregate amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Note 14 - 
 
 million for Class A Units and Class B Units of Cardinal Ventures Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability CVH ). The Company is a member of CVH. CVH owns certain interests in KINS Capital, LLC, the sponsor entity (the Sponsor to KINS Technology Group Inc., a Delaware corporation and special purpose acquisition company ("KINS") with which the Company entered into the Business Combination (see Enterprise Apps Spin-off and Business Combination under Note 1 above and Recent Events - Enterprise Apps Spin-off and Business Combination section under Part II, Item 7 herein for more details). The million purchase price was paid on October 12, 2020 and therefore is the date the purchase of the Units was closed. On December 16, 2020, the Company increased its capital contribution by million in exchange for an additional Class B Units. The capital contribution was used by CVH to fund the Sponsor's purchase of securities in KINS. The underlying subscription agreement provides that each Class A Unit and each Class B Unit represents the right of the Company to receive any distributions made by the Sponsor on account of the Class A Interests and Class B Interests, respectively, of the Sponsor. 
 The Company generally records its share of earnings in its equity method investments using a three-month lag methodology and within net investment income. During the period January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021 and January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, CVH had no operating results as CVH is a holding company. CVH only contains units and has not been allocated shares of KINS, therefore CVH is not allocating any portion of income or expense incurred by KINS. As such, there was no share of earnings recognized by the Company in its statement of operations on its proportional equity investment. 
 Units CVH LLC Class B Units 
 The Company performed a valuation over the CVH units and determined that the Company's investment in CVH is impaired. The Company believes that the impairment is other than temporary, due to the significant difference between the carrying value and fair value and the Company's plan to dispose of the investment in February 2023, which plan was carried out (See below and see Note 32). Therefore, the Company recognized an impairment on the Company's investment in CVH of approximately million as of December 31, 2022. 
 Inpixon s investment in equity method eligible entities are represented on the balance sheet as an asset of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Ownership interest in equity method eligible entities did not change from the year ended December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. 
 On July 1, 2022, the Company loaned to CVH. The loan bears no interest and is due and payable in full on the earlier of: (i) the date by which KINS has to complete a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (a business combination ), and (ii) immediately prior to the date of consummation of the business combination of KINS, unless accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default. Nadir Ali, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and director, is also a member in CVH through 3AM, LLC, which is a member of CVH, and which may, in certain circumstances, be entitled to manage the affairs of CVH. As a result of the closing of the Business Combination, the loan was repaid on March 15, 2023. 
 Class A Units, to the Transferees as bonus consideration in connection with each Transferee s services performed for and on behalf of the Company as an employee, as applicable, and (ii) each Transferee became a member of CVH and a party to the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of CVH, dated as of September 30, 2020. 
 
 Note 15 - 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Service agreements Total Deferred Revenue 
 The fair value of the deferred revenue approximates the services to be rendered. 
 
 F-43 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Note 16 - 
 
 Accrued interest expense Accrued bonus and commissions Accrued other Accrued sales and other indirect taxes payable 

Note 17 - 
 Note 
 3/18/2023 July 2022 Promissory Note (net of 760 debt discount) 7/22/2023 Dec 2022 Promissory Note (net of 1,880 debt discount) 12/30/2023 Third party note payable 6/30/2023 Total Short-Term Debt 
 
 Interest expense on the short-term debt totaled approximately million and million which is inclusive of approximately million and million that was amortized to interest expense from the combined amortization of deferred financing costs and note discounts recorded at issuance for the Short Term Debt for the periods ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Notes Payable 
 
 March 2020 Note Purchase Agreement and Promissory Note 
 
 On March 18, 2020, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with Iliad, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to the holder an unsecured promissory note (the March 2020 Note in an aggregate initial principal amount of million, which is payable on or before the date that is months from the issuance date. The initial principal amount includes an original issue discount of million and million that the Company agreed to pay to the holder to cover the holder s legal fees, accounting costs, due diligence, monitoring and other transaction costs. 
 
 In exchange for the March 2020 Note, the holder paid an aggregate purchase price of million. Interest on the March 2020 Note accrues at a rate of per annum and is payable on the maturity date or otherwise in accordance with the March 2020 Note. The Company may pay all or any portion of the amount owed earlier than it is due; provided, that in the event the Company elects to prepay all or any portion of the outstanding balance, it shall pay to the holder of the portion of the outstanding balance the Company elects to prepay. 
 
 Beginning on the date that is months from the issuance date and at the intervals indicated below until the March 2020 Note is paid in full, the holder shall have the right to redeem up to an aggregate of 1/3 of the initial principal balance of the March 2020 Note each month by providing written notice delivered to the Company; provided, however, that if the holder 
 F-44 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Note includes customary event of default provisions, subject to certain cure periods, and provides for a default interest rate of . Upon the occurrence of an event of default (except a default due to the occurrence of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, the holder may, by written notice, declare all unpaid principal, plus all accrued interest and other amounts due under the March 2020 Note to be immediately due and payable. Upon the occurrence of a bankruptcy-related event of default, without notice, all unpaid principal, plus all accrued interest and other amounts due under the March 2020 Note will become immediately due and payable at the mandatory default amount. On September 17, 2020, we amended the one time monitoring fee applicable in the event the note was outstanding on the date that was months from the issuance date, from to which was added to the March 2020 Note balance. On March 17, 2021, the Company extended the maturity date of the March 2020 Note from March 18, 2021 to March 18, 2022. 
 
 On February 11, 2021, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with Iliad, pursuant to which the Company and Iliad agreed to: (i) partition a new promissory note in the form of the March 2020 Note equal to million and then cause the outstanding balance of the March 2020 Note to be reduced by million; and (ii) exchange the partitioned note for the delivery of shares of the Company s Common Stock, at an effective price per share equal to . The Company analyzed the exchange of the principal under the March 2020 Note as an extinguishment and compared the net carrying value of the debt being extinguished to the reacquisition price (shares of common stock being issued) and recorded approximately a million loss on the exchange of debt for equity as a separate item in the other income/expense section of the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The Company entered into an exchange agreement with Iliad which afforded a free trading date of July 1, 2021, pursuant to which the Company and Iliad agreed to: (i) partition a new promissory note in the form of the March 2020 Note equal to million and then cause the outstanding balance of the March 2020 Note to be reduced by million; and (ii) exchange the partitioned note for the delivery of shares of the Company s Common Stock, at an effective price per share equal to . The Company analyzed the exchange of the principal under the March 2020 Note as an extinguishment and compared the net carrying value of the debt being extinguished to the reacquisition price (shares of common stock being issued) and there was loss on the exchange for debt for equity. 
 
 On February 1, 2022, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with Iliad, pursuant to which the Company and Iliad agreed to: (i) partition a new promissory note in the form of the March 2020 Note equal to million and then cause the outstanding balance of the March 2020 Note to be reduced by million; and (ii) exchange the partitioned note for the delivery of shares of the Company s common stock, at an effective price per share equal to . The Company analyzed the exchange of the principal under the March 2020 Note as an extinguishment and compared the net carrying value of the debt being extinguished to the reacquisition price (shares of common stock being issued) and there was loss on the exchange for debt for equity. 
 
 On February 18, 2022, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with Iliad, pursuant to which the Company and Iliad agreed to: (i) partition a new promissory note in the form of the March 2020 Note equal to million and then cause the outstanding balance of the March 2020 Note to be reduced by million; and (ii) exchange the partitioned note for the delivery of shares of the Company s common stock, at an effective price per share equal to . The Company analyzed the exchange of the principal under the March 2020 Note as an extinguishment and compared the net carrying value of the debt being extinguished to the reacquisition price (shares of common stock being issued) and there was loss on the exchange for debt for equity. 
 
 On March 15, 2022, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with Iliad, pursuant to which the Company and Iliad agreed to: (i) partition a new promissory note in the form of the March 2020 Note equal to million and then cause the outstanding balance of the March 2020 Note to be reduced by million; and (ii) exchange the partitioned note for the delivery of shares of the Company s common stock, at an effective price per share equal to . The Company analyzed the exchange of the principal under the March 2020 Note as an extinguishment and compared the net carrying value of the debt being extinguished to the reacquisition price (shares of common stock being issued) and there was loss on the exchange for debt for equity. 
 F-45 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Note which was accounted for as a modification. Pursuant to the terms of the Third Amendment, the maturity date of the March 2020 Note was extended from March 18, 2022 to March 18, 2023 (the Maturity Date Extension ). In exchange for the Maturity Date Extension, we agreed to pay a extension fee in the amount of approximately million (the Extension Fee ), which was added to the outstanding balance of the March 2020 Note. 
 On May 17, 2022, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with Iliad, pursuant to which the Company and Iliad agreed to: (i) partition a new promissory note in the form of the March 2020 Note equal to approximately million and then cause the outstanding balance of the March 2020 Note to be reduced by approximately million; and (ii) exchange the partitioned note for the delivery of shares of the Company s common stock, at an effective price per share equal to . The Company analyzed the exchange of the principal under the March 2020 Note as an extinguishment and compared the net carrying value of the debt being extinguished to the reacquisition price (shares of common stock being issued) and there was loss on the exchange for debt for equity. 
 On May 31, 2022, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with Iliad, pursuant to which the Company and Iliad agreed to: (i) partition a new promissory note in the form of the March 2020 Note equal to approximately million and then cause the outstanding balance of the March 2020 Note to be reduced by approximately million; and (ii) exchange the partitioned note for the delivery of shares of the Company s common stock, at an effective price per share equal to . The Company analyzed the exchange of the principal under the March 2020 Note as an extinguishment and compared the net carrying value of the debt being extinguished to the reacquisition price (shares of common stock being issued) and there was loss on the exchange for debt for equity. 
 On July 1 2022, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with Iliad, pursuant to which the Company and Iliad agreed to: (i) partition a new promissory note in the form of the March 2020 Note equal to approximately million and then cause the outstanding balance of the March 2020 Note to be reduced by approximately million; and (ii) exchange the partitioned note for the delivery of shares of the Company s common stock, at an effective price per share equal to . The Company analyzed the exchange of the principal under the March 2020 Note as an extinguishment and compared the net carrying value of the debt being extinguished to the reacquisition price (shares of common stock being issued) and there was loss on the exchange for debt for equity. 
 On July 11, 2022, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with Iliad, pursuant to which the Company and Iliad agreed to: (i) partition a new promissory note in the form of the March 2020 Note equal to approximately million and then cause the outstanding balance of the March 2020 Note to be reduced by approximately million; and (ii) exchange the partitioned note for the delivery of shares of the Company s common stock, at an effective price per share equal to . The Company analyzed the exchange of the principal under the March 2020 Note as an extinguishment and compared the net carrying value of the debt being extinguished to the reacquisition price (shares of common stock being issued) and there was loss on the exchange for debt for equity. 
 On August 4, 2022, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with Iliad, pursuant to which the Company and Iliad agreed to: (i) partition a new promissory note in the form of the March 2020 Note equal to approximately million and then cause the outstanding balance of the March 2020 Note to be reduced by approximately million; and (ii) exchange the partitioned note for the delivery of shares of the Company s common stock, at an effective price per share equal to . The Company analyzed the exchange of the principal under the March 2020 Note as an extinguishment and compared the net carrying value of the debt being extinguished to the reacquisition price (shares of common stock being issued) and there was loss on the exchange for debt for equity. 
 On September 9, 2022, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with Iliad, pursuant to which the Company and Iliad agreed to: (i) partition a new promissory note in the form of the March 2020 Note equal to approximately million and then cause the outstanding balance of the March 2020 Note to be reduced by approximately million; and (ii) exchange the partitioned note for the delivery of shares of the Company s common stock, at an effective price per share equal to . The Company analyzed the exchange of the principal under the March 2020 Note as an extinguishment and compared the net carrying value of the debt being extinguished to the reacquisition price (shares of common stock being issued) and there was loss on the exchange for debt for equity. 
 On October 17, 2022, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with Iliad, pursuant to which the Company and Iliad agreed to: (i) partition a new promissory note in the form of the March 2020 Note equal to approximately million and then cause the outstanding balance of the March 2020 Note to be reduced by approximately million; and (ii) 
 F-46 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

shares of the Company s common stock, at an effective price per share equal to . The Company analyzed the exchange of the principal under the March 2020 Note as an extinguishment and compared the net carrying value of the debt being extinguished to the reacquisition price (shares of common stock being issued) and there was loss on the exchange for debt for equity. 
 Subsequent to year end, the Company entered into additional exchange agreements with Illiad and the note has been satisfied in full. See Note 32 for details. 
 July 2022 Note Purchase Agreement and Promissory Note 
 
 On July 22, 2022, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement (the "Purchase Agreement") with Streeterville Capital, LLC (the Holder ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to the Holder an unsecured promissory note (the July 2022 Note in an aggregate initial principal amount of million (the Initial Principal Amount ), which is payable on or before the date that is months from the issuance date (the Maturity Date ). The Initial Principal Amount includes an original issue discount of million and million that the Company agreed to pay to the Holder to cover the Holder s legal fees, accounting costs, due diligence, monitoring and other transaction costs. In exchange for the Note, the Holder paid an aggregate purchase price of million (the Transaction ). Interest on the Note accrued at a rate of per annum, which is payable on the maturity date. We may pay all or any portion of the amount owed earlier than it is due; provided that in the event we may elect to prepay all or any portion of the outstanding balance, it shall pay to the Holder of the portion of the outstanding balance we may elect to prepay. Beginning on the date that is months from the issue date and at the intervals indicated below until the Note is paid in full, the Holder shall have the right to redeem up to an aggregate of 1/3 of the initial principal balance of the Note for cash each month. The July 2022 Note includes customary event of default provisions, subject to certain cure periods, and provides for a default interest rate of . Upon the occurrence of an event of default (except default due to the occurrence of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings), the Holder may, by written notice, declare all unpaid principal, plus all accrued interest and other amounts due under the July 2022 Note to be immediately due and payable. Upon the occurrence of bankruptcy-related event of default, without notice, all unpaid principal, plus all accrued interest and other amounts due under the July 2022 Note will become immediately due and payable at the mandatory default amount. Under the terms of the July 2022 Note, if the note is still outstanding after months from the issuance date, or as of January 22, 2023, a monitoring fee would be added to the balance of the note. On January 31, 2023, the Holder agreed to reduce the one time monitoring fee from to . The Company accrued the pro-rata portion of the monitoring fee of million as of December 31, 2022 which added to the note balance. 
 
 December 2022 Note Purchase Agreement and Promissory Note 
 On December 30, 2022, we entered into a note purchase agreement with Streeterville Capital, LLC (the "Holder"), pursuant to which we agreed to issue and sell to the Holder an unsecured promissory note (the "December 2022 Note") in an aggregate initial principal amount of million, which is payable on or before the date that is months from the issuance date. The initial principal amount of includes an original issue discount of million and million that we agreed to pay to the Holder to cover the Holder's legal fees, accounting costs, due diligence, monitoring and other transaction costs. In exchange for the Note, the Holder paid an aggregate purchase price of million. 
 
 Interest on the December 2022 Note accrues at a rate of per annum and is payable on the maturity date or otherwise in accordance with the December 2022 Note. We may pay all or any portion of the amount owed earlier than it is due; provided that in the event we may elect to prepay all or any portion of the outstanding balance, it shall pay to the Holder of the portion of the outstanding balance we may elect to prepay. Beginning on the date that is months from the issuance date and at the intervals indicated below until the December 2022 Note is paid in full, the Holder shall have the right to redeem up to an aggregate of 1/6th of the initial principal balance of the December 2022 Note plus any interest accrued thereunder each month by providing written notice delivered to us; provided, however, that if the Holder does not exercise any monthly redemption amount in its corresponding month then such monthly redemption amount shall be available for the Holder to redeem in any further month in addition to such future month's monthly redemption amount. 
 
 Upon receipt of any monthly redemption notice, we shall pay the applicable monthly redemption amount in cash to the Holder within five (5) business days of the Company's receipt of such monthly redemption notice. The December 2022 Note includes customary event of default provisions, subject to certain cure periods, and provides for a default interest rate of . Upon the occurrence of an event of default (except default due to the occurrence of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings), the Holder may, by written notice, declare all unpaid principal, plus all accrued interest and other amounts due under the December 2022 
 F-47 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

million on October 29, 2021, approximately million on January 18, 2022, approximately million on March 22, 2022, approximately million on August 17, 2022, approximately million on September 21, 2022, approximately million on October 26, 2022, approximately million on November 29, 2022, and approximately million on December 22, 2022 for funding of liabilities and working capital needs. All of the promissory notes have an interest rate of and are due on or before June 30, 2023. As of December 31, 2022 the balance owed under the notes was million. 

Note 18 - 
 shares of its common stock, and warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share (the January 2021 Purchase Warrants for a combined purchase price of per share and pre-funded warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock ("January 2021 Pre-funded Warrants") at an exercise price of per share, at a purchase price of per share. At closing, the Company received approximately million in net proceeds after deducting placement agent commissions and offering expenses. The January 2021 Purchase Warrant and January 2021 Pre-funded Warrant is or was immediately exercisable for share of common stock for a period until the anniversary of the issuance date. The January 2021 Pre-funded Warrants were exercised in full as of February 8, 2021. In addition, the investor exercised its purchase rights for shares of common stock pursuant to the the January 2021 Purchase Warrant on February 11, 2021. 
 On February 12, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an institutional investor, pursuant to which it sold and issued in a registered direct offering, shares of its common stock, and warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share (the First February 2021 Purchase Warrants for a combined purchase price of per share and pre-funded warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock ("First February 2021 Pre-funded Warrants") at an exercise price of per share, at a purchase price of per share. At closing, the Company received approximately million in net proceeds after deducting placement agent commissions and offering expenses. The First February 2021 Purchase Warrant and First February 2021 Pre-funded Warrant is or was immediately exercisable for share of common stock for a period until the five year anniversary of the issuance date. The First February 2021 Pre-funded warrants were exercised in full as of February 18, 2021. 
 On February 16, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an institutional investor, pursuant to which the Company sold and issued in a registered direct offering, shares of its common stock, and warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share (the Second February 2021 Purchase Warrants for a combined purchase price of per share and pre-funded warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock ("Second February 2021 Pre-funded Warrants") at an exercise price of per share, at a purchase price of per share. At closing the Company received approximately million in net proceeds after deducting placement agent commissions and offering expenses. Each Second February 2021 Purchase Warrant and Second February 2021 Pre-funded Warrant is or was immediately exercisable for share of common stock for a period until the, anniversary of the issuance date. The Second February 2021 Pre-funded warrants were exercised in full as of March 1, 2021. 
 On September 13, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors named therein, pursuant to which the Company sold in a registered direct offering (i) shares of Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock and (ii) related warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock. Each share of Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock and the related Warrants were sold at a subscription amount of , representing an original issue discount of of the stated value of each share of Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock for an aggregate subscription amount 
 F-48 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 Note 18 - Capital Raises (continued) 

 million. In connection with this offering, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation for the Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock with the Nevada Secretary of State. The Company has authorized the issuance of shares of preferred stock, of which shares were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Each share of Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock has a par value of per share and stated value of per share. The shares of Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, at a conversion price of per share. Each share of Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock is entitled to receive cumulative dividends, payable in the same form as dividends paid on shares of the Company s common stock. At any time beginning on the 6-month anniversary of the date the shares of Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock are issued and ending ninety 90 days thereafter, the holders of the Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock have the right to redeem all or part of the shares held by such holder in cash for the redemption price equal to the stated value of such share, plus all accrued but unpaid dividends thereon and all liquidated damages and other costs, expenses or amounts due. Upon redemption, the holder of the Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock will forfeit of the warrants issued in connection therewith. The holders of the Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock shall vote together with all other classes and series of stock of the Company as a single class on all actions to be taken by the stockholders of the Company. The Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock and related warrants subject to forfeiture are recorded as Mezzanine Equity in the accompanying balance sheets as the holder has the option to redeem these shares for cash and the warrants are an embedded feature for the Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock. The remaining warrants that are not subject to forfeiture are recorded within Stockholders' Equity as the remaining warrants are classified as freestanding instruments The aggregate net proceeds from the offering, after deducting the placement agent fees and other estimated offering expenses, were approximately million. All of the shares of Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock were redeemed in March 2022 and of the related warrants were forfeited. See Note 20 for Preferred Stock and Note 23 for Warrant details. 
 On March 22, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors named therein, pursuant to which the Company sold in a registered direct offering (i) shares of Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock and (ii) related warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock. Each share of Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock and the related Warrants were sold at a subscription amount of , representing an original issue discount of of the stated value of each share of Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock for an aggregate subscription amount of million. In connection with this offering, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation for the Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock with the Nevada Secretary of State. Each share of Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock has a par value of per share and stated value of per share. The shares of Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, at a conversion price of per share. Each share of Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock is entitled to receive cumulative dividends, payable in the same form as dividends paid on shares of the Company s common stock. At any time beginning on October 1, 2022 and ending ninety 90 days thereafter, the holders of the Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock have the right to redeem all or part of the shares held by such holder in cash for the redemption price equal to the stated value of such share, plus all accrued but unpaid dividends thereon and all liquidated damages and other costs, expenses or amounts due. Upon redemption, the holder of the Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock will forfeit of the warrants issued in connection therewith. The holders of the Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock shall vote together with all other classes and series of stock of the Company as a single class on all actions to be taken by the stockholders of the Company. The Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock and related warrants subject to forfeiture are recorded as Mezzanine Equity in the accompanying balance sheets as the holder has the option to redeem these shares for cash and the warrants are an embedded feature for the Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock. The remaining warrants that are not subject to forfeiture are recorded within Stockholders' Equity as the remaining warrants are classified as freestanding instruments containing a total value of million. The aggregate net proceeds from the offering, after deducting the placement agent fees and other estimated offering expenses, were approximately million. See Note 20 for Preferred Stock and Note 23 for Warrant details. During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Company received cash redemption notices from the holders of the Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock issued on March 22, 2022, totaling shares of Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock for aggregate cash paid of approximately million which were thereafter fully redeemed. In conjunction with the redemption, warrants were forfeited. 
 
 Between March 15, 2022 and March 22, 2022, the Company received cash redemption notices from the holders of the Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock issued on September 15, 2021, totaling shares of Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock for aggregate cash required to be paid of approximately million. In addition, in accordance with the related purchase agreement, upon redemption of the Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock, each holder forfeited of the related warrants that were issued. Therefore, as of March 22, 2022, shares of Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock were redeemed and related warrants were forfeited. The Company noted about of the Series 7 Preferred Stock holders that redeemed 
 F-49 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 Note 18 - Capital Raises (continued) 

 million which were recognized as a deemed dividend at the date of the modification, upon which will be amortized until the redemption period begins on October 1, 2022. The total change in fair value as a result of modification related to the embedded warrants amounted to million which was recognized as a deemed contribution at the date of the modification, upon which will be accreted until the redemption period begins on October 1, 2022. 
 
 On July 22, 2022, the Company entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the "Sales Agreement") with Maxim Group LLC Maxim under which the Company may offer and sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to million (the Shares from time to time through Maxim, acting exclusively as the Company s sales agent (the Offering ). The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the Offering primarily for working capital and general corporate purposes. The Company did not make any sales pursuant to the Sales Agreement as of December 31, 2022, however, has raised gross proceeds of approximately million under the Sales Agreement as of March 14, 2023. 
 
 shares of the Company s common stock and warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock (the Purchase Warrants at a combined offering price of per share. The Purchase Warrants have an exercise price of per share. Each Purchase Warrant is exercisable for share of common stock and will be immediately exercisable and will expire from the issuance date. The Company also offered and sold to the Purchaser pre-funded warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock, in lieu of shares of common stock at the Purchaser s election. Each pre-funded warrant is exercisable for share of common stock. The purchase price of each pre-funded warrant was , and the exercise price of each pre-funded warrant is per share. The pre-funded warrants are immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until all of the pre-funded warrants are exercised in full. The Company raised net proceeds of million after deduction of sales commissions and other offering expenses. In October 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the exercise of pre-funded warrants at per share. 

Note 19 - 
 shares of common stock under exchange agreements to settle outstanding balances totaling approximately million under partitioned notes. (See Note 20 ). 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with registered direct offerings at per share prices between and , resulting in net proceeds to the Company of approximately million after subtracting sales commissions and other offering expenses (See Note 18). 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock issued for cashless stock options exercised. 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the exchange of Pre-Funded Warrants (as defined in Note 23) offered under the Securities Purchase Agreement, resulting in net proceeds of million. See Note 18 for further details. 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the Game Your Game acquisition with a fair value of approximately million. (See Note 4). 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the Visualix asset purchase with a fair value of approximately million . See Note 5) 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the CXApp acquisition with a fair value of approximately million. (See Note 6 ). 
 F-50 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 Note 19 - Common Stock (continued) 

 shares of common stock net of shares withheld for employee taxes for restricted stock granted in February 2021 at a par value of per share. 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for cashless stock options exercised. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock under an exchange agreement to settle outstanding balances totaling approximately million under a partitioned note. (See Note 17) . 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2021, shares of Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into shares of the Company's common stock (See Note 20). 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2021, shares of common stock issued in connection with unvested restricted stock grants were forfeited in connection with the departure of an employee. 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2021, shares of common stock issued in connection with restricted stock grants were forfeited for employee taxes. 
 On January 28, 2022, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with the holder of certain existing warrants which were exercisable for an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock. Pursuant to the exchange agreement, the Company agreed to issue to the warrant holder an aggregate of shares of common stock and rights to receive an aggregate of shares of common stock in exchange for the existing warrants (the "Warrant Exchange"). 
 On February 19, 2022, shares of common stock issued in connection with restricted stock grants were withheld for employee taxes. 
 On March 3, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to the sellers of the CXApp in connection with the satisfaction of an earnout payment. (See Note 6). 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock under exchange agreements to settle outstanding balances totaling approximately million under partitioned notes. 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock under exchange agreements to settle outstanding balances totaling approximately million under partitioned notes. (See Note 17). 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock under exchange agreements to settle outstanding balances totaling approximately million under partitioned notes. (See Note 17). 
 On October 12, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the exercise of a right to shares of common stock granted as part of warrant exchange agreement entered into on January 28, 2022. (See Note 23). 
 On October 17, 2022, the Company issued shares of the Company's common stock under an exchange agreement to settle outstanding balances totaling approximately million under partitioned notes. (See Note 17). 
 On October 18, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an institutional investor, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a registered direct offering, shares of the Company s common stock and warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock at a combined offering price of per share. 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the exercise of pre-funded warrants at per share. 

Note 20 - 
 F-51 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 Note 20 - Preferred Stock (continued) 

 shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions as to be determined by the Company s Board of Directors. 
 Series 4 Convertible Preferred Stock 
 On April 20, 2018, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada the Certificate of Designation that created the Series 4 Convertible Preferred Stock Series 4 Preferred ), authorized shares of Series 4 Preferred and designated the preferences, rights and limitations of the Series 4 Preferred. The Series 4 Preferred is non-voting (except to the extent required by law) and was convertible into the number of shares of common stock, determined by dividing the aggregate stated value of the Series 4 Preferred of per share to be converted by . 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was share of Series 4 Preferred outstanding. 
 Series 5 Convertible Preferred Stock 
 On January 14, 2019, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada the Certificate of Designation that created the Series 5 Convertible Preferred Stock, authorized shares of Series 5 Convertible Preferred Stock and designated the preferences, rights and limitations of the Series 5 Convertible Preferred Stock. The Series 5 Convertible Preferred Stock is non-voting (except to the extent required by law). The Series 5 Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into the number of shares of Common Stock, determined by dividing the aggregate stated value of the Series 5 Convertible Preferred Stock of per share to be converted by . 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Series 5 Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding. 
 Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock 
 On September 13, 2021, the Company filed the Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, amending the Company s Articles of Incorporation, as amended, by establishing the Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock, consisting of authorized shares, par value per share and stated value per share. The holders of the Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock have full voting rights and powers, except as otherwise required by the Articles of Incorporation, as amended, or applicable law. The holders of Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock shall vote together with all other classes and series of stock of the Company as a single class on all actions to be taken by the stockholders of the Company. Each holder of the Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of common stock into which the Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock then held by such holder could be converted on the record date for the vote which is being taken, provided, however, that the voting power of a holder together with its Attribution Parties (as defined in the Certificate of Designation), may not exceed (or such greater percentage allowed by the Nasdaq Listing Rules without any shareholder approval requirements). The Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into the number of shares of common stock, determined by dividing the aggregate stated value of the Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock of per share to be converted by . 
 On September 13, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors named therein, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell in a registered direct offering (i) up to shares of Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock and (ii) related warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock (the Warrants ). Each share of Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock and the related Warrants (see Note 26) were sold at a subscription amount of , representing an original issue discount of of the stated value for an aggregate subscription amount of million. The shares of Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stocks are recorded as Mezzanine Equity in the accompanying balance sheets as the holder has the option to redeem these shares for cash. The aggregate net proceeds from the offering, after deducting the placement agent fees and other estimated offering expenses, was approximately million. The Company has elected to accrete the issuance costs, discount, and freestanding warrants through the date shares can be first be redeemed at the option of the holders, which is the sixth month anniversary of the Original Issuance Date using the effective interest method. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, shares of Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into shares of the Company's common stock. 
 F-52 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 Note 20 - Preferred Stock (continued) 

 shares of Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock for aggregate cash paid of approximately million. 
 As of December 31, 2022 there were shares of Series 7 Convertible Preferred stock outstanding. 
 Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock 
 On March 22, 2022, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, amending the Company s Articles of Incorporation, as amended, by establishing the Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock, consisting of authorized shares, par value per share and stated value per share. The holders of the Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock have full voting rights and powers, except as otherwise required by the Articles of Incorporation, as amended, or applicable law. The holders of Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to vote together with all other classes and series of stock of the Company as a single class on all actions to be taken by the stockholders of the Company. Each holder of the Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock is entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of common stock into which the Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock then held by such holder could be converted on the record date for the vote which is being taken, provided, however, that the voting power of a holder together with its Attribution Parties (as defined in the Certificate of Designation), may not exceed (or such greater percentage allowed by the Nasdaq Listing Rules without any shareholder approval requirements). The Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into the number of shares of common stock, determined by dividing the aggregate stated value of the Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock of per share to be converted by . 
 
 On March 22, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain institutional investors named therein, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell in a registered direct offering (i) up to shares of Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock and (ii) related warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock (the Warrants ). Each share of Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock and the related Warrants (see Note 18) were sold at a subscription amount of , representing an original issue discount of of the stated value for an aggregate subscription amount of million. The shares of Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stocks are recorded as Mezzanine Equity in the accompanying balance sheets as the holder has the option to redeem these shares for cash. The aggregate net proceeds from the offering, after deducting the placement agent fees and other estimated offering expenses, was approximately million. The Company has elected to accrete the issuance costs, discount, and freestanding warrants through the date shares can be first be redeemed at the option of the holders, which is the sixth month anniversary of the original issuance date using the effective interest method. 
 During three months ended December 31 2022, the Company received cash redemption notices from the holders of the Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock issued on March 22, 2022, totaling shares of Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock for aggregate cash required to be paid of approximately million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding. 
 
 Note 21 - 
 to shares effective as of November 29, 2022. 
 
 Note 22 - 
 F-53 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

of the estimated fair market value of the underlying common stock at date of grant. The exercise price per share for incentive stock options may not be less than of the estimated fair value of the underlying common stock on the grant date for any individual possessing more that 10 of the total outstanding common stock of the Company. Options granted under the Option Plans vest over periods ranging from immediately to and are exercisable over periods not exceeding . 
 The aggregate number of shares that may be awarded under the 2018 Plan as of December 31, 2022 is . As of December 31, 2022, of options and restricted stock were granted to employees, directors and consultants of the Company (including share outside of our plan and shares under our 2011 Plan), and options were available for future grant under the Option Plans. 
 Employee Stock Options 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted options under the 2018 Plan for the purchase of shares of common stock to employees and consultants of the Company. These options are vested or vest pro-rata over , or months, have a life of years and an exercise price between and per share. The Company valued the stock options using the Black-Scholes option valuation model and the fair value of the awards was determined to be approximately million. The fair value of the common stock as of the grant date was determined to be between and per share. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted options under the 2018 Plan for the purchase of shares of common stock to employees and consultants of the Company. These options are vested or vest pro-rata over , or months, have a life of years and an exercise price between per share. The Company valued the stock options using the Black-Scholes option valuation model and the fair value of the awards was determined to be approximately million. The fair value of the common stock as of the grant date was determined to be between per share. 
 On February 5, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the cashless exercise of employee stock options. 
 On June 10, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the cashless exercise of employee stock options. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a charge of approximately million and million, respectively, for the amortization of employee stock options (not including restricted stock awards), which is included in the general and administrative section of the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of non-vested options totaled approximately million, which will be amortized to expense over the weighted average remaining term of years. 
 The fair value of each employee option grant is estimated on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. 
 F-54 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

- 
 - 
 Expected life of option grants years years Expected volatility of underlying stock - 
 - 
 Dividends assumption 
 The expected stock price volatility for the Company s stock options was determined by the historical volatilities for industry peers and used an average of those volatilities. The Company attributes the value of stock-based compensation to operations on the straight-line single option method. Risk free interest rates were obtained from U.S. Treasury rates for the applicable periods. The dividends assumptions was as the Company historically has not declared any dividends and does not expect to. 
 Granted Exercised ) Expired ) ) ) Forfeitures ) ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised Expired ) ) ) Forfeitures ) ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 On February 19, 2021, the Company granted restricted stock awards to employees of the Company. These stock awards vest either on the Grant Date and on each anniversary of Grant Date or on Grant Date and on the anniversary. In accordance with the terms of the restricted stock award agreements shares of common stock underlying the awards were withheld by the Company in satisfaction of the employee portion of the payroll taxes required to paid in connection with the grant of such awards. 
 On April 23, 2021, the Company granted restricted stock awards to employees of the Company. These stock awards either vest at the months anniversary and on the anniversary or over years pro rata every months. 
 On August 21, 2021, of unvested restricted stock award grants were forfeited in connection with the departure of an employee. 
 On December 23, 2021, of restricted stock award grants were forfeited to satisfy the employee portion of the payroll taxes required to be paid in connection with the grant of such awards. 
 On February 19, 2022, restricted stock grants were forfeited for employee taxes. 
 F-55 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

million and million, respectively, for the amortization of vested restricted stock awards. 
 Granted Forfeited ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Granted Forfeited ) Balance, December 31, 2022 

Note 23 - 
 shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, and warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock (the Purchase Warrants at a combined offering price of per share. The Purchase Warrants have an exercise price of per share. Each Purchase Warrant is exercisable for share of common stock and will be immediately exercisable and will expire from the issuance date. 
 The Company also offered and sold to the Purchaser pre-funded warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants and, together with the shares and the Purchase Warrants, the Securities ), in lieu of shares of common stock at the Investor s election. Each Pre-Funded Warrant is exercisable for share of common stock. The purchase price of each Pre-Funded Warrant is , and the exercise price of each Pre-Funded Warrant is per share. The Pre-Funded Warrants are immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until all of the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the exercise of Pre-Funded Warrants at per share in connection with the January 24, 2021 Securities Purchase Agreement. 
 On February 12, 2021, Inpixon entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an institutional investor named therein (the Investor ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a registered direct offering, shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, and warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock (the Purchase Warrants at a combined offering price of per share. The Purchase Warrants have an exercise price of per share. Each Purchase Warrant is exercisable for share of common stock and will be immediately exercisable and will expire from the issuance date. 
 The Company also offered and sold to the Purchaser pre-funded warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants and, together with the shares and the Purchase Warrants, the Securities ), in lieu of shares of common stock at the Investor s election. Each Pre-Funded Warrant is exercisable for share of common stock. The purchase price of each Pre-Funded Warrant is , and the exercise price of each Pre-Funded Warrant is per share. The Pre-Funded Warrants are immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until all of the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. 
 F-56 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

shares of common stock in connection with the exercise of Pre-Funded Warrants at an exercise price of per share in connection with the February 12, 2021 Securities Purchase Agreement. 
 On February 16, 2021, Inpixon entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an institutional investor named therein (the Investor ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a registered direct offering, shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, and warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock (the Purchase Warrants at a combined offering price of per share. The Purchase Warrants have an exercise price of per share. Each Purchase Warrant is exercisable for share of common stock and will be immediately exercisable and will expire years from the issuance date. 
 The Company also offered and sold to the Purchaser pre-funded warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock in lieu of shares of common stock at the Investor s election. Each Pre-Funded Warrant is exercisable for share of common stock. The purchase price of each Pre-Funded Warrant is , and the exercise price of each Pre-Funded Warrant is per share. The Pre-Funded Warrants are immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until all of the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the exercise of pre-funded warrants at per share in connection with the February 16, 2021 Securities Purchase Agreement. 
 On September 13, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the "Offering") with certain investors pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a registered direct offering sold an aggregate of shares of the Company s Series 7 Convertible Preferred Shares, par value per share, which are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock and warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock. Each share and related warrants were sold together at a subscription amount of , representing an original issue discount of of the Stated Value for an aggregate subscription amount of million. 
 On January 28, 2022, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with the holder of certain existing warrants of the Company which were exercisable for an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock. Pursuant to the exchange agreement, the Company agreed to issue to the warrant holder an aggregate of shares of common stock and rights to receive an aggregate of shares of common stock in exchange for the existing warrants. The Company accounted for the exchange agreement as a warrant modification. The Company determined the fair value of the existing warrants as if issued on the exchange agreement date and compared that to the fair value of the common stock issued. The Company calculated the fair value of the existing warrants using a Black-Scholes Option pricing model and determined it to be approximately per share. The fair value of the common stock issued was based on the closing stock price of the date of the exchange. The total fair value of the warrants prior to modification was greater than the fair value of the common stock issued, and therefore, there was no incremental fair value related to the exchange. 
 Between March 15 and March 22, 2022, we received cash redemption notices from the holders of the Company's Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock issued on September 15, 2021, totaling shares of Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock for aggregate cash required to be paid of approximately million. In addition, upon redemption of the Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock, each holder forfeited of the related warrants that were issued together with the Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock (the "Series 7 Warrants"). corresponding warrants issued in connection with the issuance of the Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock been forfeited and related warrants remain outstanding. 
 On March 22, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain investors pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a registered direct offering sold an aggregate of shares of the Company s Series 8 Convertible Preferred Shares, par value per share, and warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock. Each share and related warrants were sold together at a subscription amount of , representing an original issue discount of of the stated value for an aggregate subscription amount of million. 
 On October 12, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the exercise of a right to shares of common stock granted as part of warrant exchange agreement entered into on January 28, 2022. 
 F-57 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

shares of the Company s common stock and warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock at a combined offering price of per share. The Purchase Warrants have an exercise price of per share. Each Purchase Warrant is exercisable for share of common stock and will be immediately exercisable and will expire from the issuance date. 
 
 The Company also offered and sold to the Purchaser pre-funded warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock, in lieu of shares of common stock at the Purchaser s election. Each pre-funded warrant is exercisable for share of common stock. The purchase price of each pre-funded warrant was , and the exercise price of each pre-funded warrant is per share. The pre-funded warrants are immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until all of the pre-funded warrants are exercised in full. 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the exercise of pre-funded warrants from the October 2022 capital raise at per share. 
 Granted Exercised ) Expired Cancelled Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised ) Expired ) Cancelled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2021 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Note 24 - 
 
 F-58 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 ) Foreign ) ) Net Loss, before tax ) ) 
 Deferred ) U.S. federal Current ) Deferred ) ) State and local Current Deferred ) ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance Income Tax Benefit ) ) 
 State income taxes, net of federal benefit ) Incentive stock options ) ) 162(m) Compensation Limit ) Goodwill impairment loss ) ) US-Foreign income tax rate difference Other permanent items ) ) Provision to return adjustments ) ) Deferred only adjustment ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) Effective Rate 
 F-59 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Stock based compensation Research credits Accrued compensation Reserves Intangibles Fixed assets Unrealized gain Capital Research Other Total Deferred Tax Asset Less: valuation allowance ) ) Deferred Tax Asset, Net of Valuation Allowance 
 As of December 31, Deferred Tax Liabilities 2022 2021 Intangible assets ) ) Fixed assets ) ) Other ) ) Capitalized research ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net Deferred Tax Asset (Liability) 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. As a result, no additional income or withholding taxes have been provided for. The Company does not anticipate any impacts of the global intangible low taxed income GILTI and base erosion anti-abuse tax BEAT) and as such, the Company has not recorded any impact associated with either GILTI or BEAT. 
 
 In accordance with Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, deductibility of the Company s NOL carryover is subject to an annual limitation in the event of a change of control, as defined by the regulations. The Company performed an analysis to determine the annual limitation as a result of the changes in ownership that occurred during 2021 and 2022. Based on the Company s analysis, no ownership changes occurred during 2021. A change in ownership did occur in March of 2022. The NOL available to offset future taxable income after the 2022 ownership change is approximately million. The NOLs generated in 2017, million, will expire beginning in December 31, 2037 if not utilized. The remaining NOLs generated after 2017 have an indefinite life and do not expire. The NOLs as of December 31, 2022 that do not expire are approximately million. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Inpixon Canada, which was acquired on April 18, 2014 as part of the AirPatrol Merger Agreement, had approximately million and million, respectively, of Canadian NOL carryovers available to offset 
 F-60 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

million and million, respectively, of German NOL carryovers available to offset future taxable income. Although these NOLs do not expire, minimum taxation restrictions apply such that only a percentage of taxable income may be offset by NOL carryovers. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Intranav GmbH, which was acquired on December 8, 2021, had approximately million and million, respectively, of German NOL carryovers available to offset future taxable income. Although these NOLs do not expire, minimum taxation restrictions apply such that only a percentage of taxable income may be offset by NOL carryovers. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Active Mind Technology LTD, which was acquired on April 9, 2021 as part of the acquisition of Game Your Game Inc., had approximately million and million, respectively, of Irish NOL carryovers available to offset future taxable income. These NOLs have an indefinite life and do not expire. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Inpixon Philippines, Inc, which was organized on April 12, 2022 , had approximately million of Philippine NOL carryovers available to offset future taxable income. These NOLs, if not utilized, begin expiring in the year 2026. 
 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers, whether it is more likely than not , that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. 
 
 ASC 740, Income Taxes requires that a valuation allowance be established when it is more likely than not that all, or a portion of, deferred tax assets will not be realized. A review of all available positive and negative evidence needs to be considered, including the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies. After consideration of all the information available, management believes that uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of its deferred tax assets with respect to Inpixon, Game Your Game, Inpixon Canada, Nanotron GmbH, Intranav GmbH, Active Mind Technology LTD, and Inpixon Philippines and has, therefore, established a full valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the change in valuation allowance was million and million, respectively. 
 
 ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. The Company is required to file income tax returns in the United States (federal), Canada, India, Germany, United Kingdom, Ireland, Philippines and in various state jurisdictions in the United States. Based on the Company s evaluation, it has been concluded that there are no material uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company s consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Company s policy for recording interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits is to record such interest and penalties as interest expense and as a component of income tax expense. There were no amounts accrued for interest or penalties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Management does not expect any material changes in its unrecognized tax benefits in the next year. 
 
 The Company operates in multiple tax jurisdictions and, in the normal course of business, its tax returns are subject to examination by various taxing authorities. Such examinations may result in future assessments by these taxing authorities. The Company is subject to examination by U.S. tax authorities beginning with the year ended December 31, 2017. In general, the Canadian Revenue Authority may reassess taxes four years from the date the original notice of assessment was issued. The tax years that remain open and subject to Canadian reassessment are 2018 2022. The tax years that remain open and subject to India reassessment are tax years beginning March 31, 2017. The German tax authorities may reassess taxes generally four years 
 F-61 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Note 25 - 
 and of total accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2021, no customer accounted for at least 10 of total accounts receivable. 
 As of December 31, 2022, two vendors represented approximately and of total gross accounts payable. Purchases from these vendors during the year ended December 31, 2022 was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, one vendor represented approximately of total gross accounts payable. Purchases from this vendor during the year ended December 31, 2021 was million. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, one vendor represented approximately of total purchases. For the year ended December 31, 2021, three vendors represented approximately , , and of total purchases. 
 Segments 
 The Company s operations consist of reportable segments based on similar economic characteristics, the nature of products and production processes, end-use markets, channels of distribution, and regulatory environments: Indoor Intelligence, Saves, and Shoom. 
 During the second quarter of 2021, the Company changed the level of detail at which its Chief Executive Officer CEO acting as the Chief Operating Decision Maker, or CODM regularly reviews and manages certain of its businesses, resulting in the bifurcation of its former segment into standalone reportable segments: Indoor Intelligence, Saves, and Shoom. The Company now manages and reports its operating results through these reportable segments. This change allows the Company to enhance its customer focus and better align its business models, resources, and cost structure to the specific current and future growth drivers of each business, while providing increased transparency to the Company s shareholders. The historical segment information has been recast to conform to the current segment structure. 
 Gross profit and income (loss) from operations are the primary measures of segment profitability used by the Company s CODM. 
 
 F-62 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 Note 25 - Credit Risk and Concentration (continued) 

 Saves Shoom Total segment revenue Gross profit by Segment Indoor Intelligence Saves Shoom Gross profit by Segment Income (loss) from operations by Segment Indoor Intelligence ) ) Saves ) ) Shoom Loss from operations by Segment ) ) 
 The reporting package provided to the Company's CODM does not include the measure of assets by segment as that information isn't reviewed by the CODM when assessing segment performance or allocating resources. 

Note 26 - 
 
 Investments in equity securities Total assets 
 F-63 

INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Note 26 - Fair Value of Financial Instruments (continued) 

 Short-term investments Investments in equity securities Total assets 
 
 The following is a discussion of the valuation methodologies used for the Company s assets measured at fair value. 
 
 Short-term investments represent U.S. treasury bills with maturities greater than three months. The fair value of the U.S. treasury bills are based on quoted market prices in active markets and are included in the Level 1 fair value hierarchy. The market for U.S. treasury bills is an actively traded market given the high level of daily trading volume. All U.S. treasury bills were sold by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Investments in equity securities are marked to market based on the respective publicly quoted market prices of the equity securities adjusted for liquidity. The fair value for Level 1 equity investments was determined using quoted prices of the security in active markets. The fair value for Level 3 equity investments was determined using a pricing model with certain significant unobservable market data inputs. 
 
 Investments in debt securities are valued using an option pricing model under the income approach methodology as the investment does not have observable inputs of identical or comparable instruments. 
 
 Transfers in - FOXO Technologies, Inc. convertible note Transfers in - FOXO Technologies, Inc. original issue discount on convertible note ) Amortization of original issue discount on convertible note Change in fair value on debt securities Transfers out - FOXO Technologies, Inc. conversion of note to marketable equity securities ) Unrealized loss on equity securities ) Balance at end of year 
 
 The following table is a reconciliation of assets for Level 3 investments for which significant unobservable inputs were used to determine fair value for the year ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 
 
 F-64 

INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Note 26 - Fair Value of Financial Instruments (continued) 

 Transfers in- Sysorex Securities Settlement Agreement Benefit (provision) for valuation allowance on related party loan - held for sale Interest income (expense), net Gain on related party loan held for sale Unrealized loss on equity securities ) Balance at end of year 
 F-65 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Note 27 - 
 
 ) Operating income (loss) by geographic area ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) by geographic area ) ) ) ) ) ) For the Year Ended December 31, 2021: Revenues by geographic area ) Operating income (loss) by geographic area ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) by geographic area ) ) ) ) ) ) As of December 31, 2022: Identifiable assets by geographic area ) Long lived assets by geographic area Goodwill by geographic area As of December 31, 2021: Identifiable assets by geographic area ) Long lived assets by geographic area Goodwill by geographic area 
 F-66 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Note 28 - 
 million (the Principal Amount ), including any amounts advanced through the date of the Secured Note (the Prior Advances ), to be borrowed and disbursed in increments (such borrowed amount, together with the Prior Advances, collectively referred to as the Loan Amount ), with interest to accrue at a rate of percent per annum on all such Loan Amounts, beginning as of the date of disbursement with respect to any portion of such Loan Amount. In addition, Sysorex agreed to pay to the Company to cover the Company s legal fees, accounting costs, due diligence, monitoring and other transaction costs incurred in connection with the purchase and sale of the Secured Note (the Transaction Expense Amount ), all of which amount is included in the Principal Amount. Sysorex may borrow repay and borrow under the Secured Note, as needed, for a total outstanding balance, exclusive of any unpaid accrued interest, not to exceed the Principal Amount at any one time. 
 All sums advanced by the Company to the Maturity Date (as defined below) pursuant to the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement will become part of the aggregate Loan Amount underlying the Secured Note. All outstanding principal amounts and accrued unpaid interest owing under the Secured Note shall become immediately due and payable on the earlier to occur of (i) month anniversary of the date the Secured Note is issued (the Maturity Date ), (ii) at such date when declared due and payable by the Company upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Secured Note), or (iii) at any such earlier date as set forth in the Secured Note. All accrued unpaid interest shall be payable in cash. On February 4, 2019, April 2, 2019, and May 22, 2019, the Secured Note was amended to increase the Principal Amount from million to million, million to million and million to million, respectively. On March 1, 2020, the Company extended the maturity date of the Secured Note to December 31, 2022. In addition, the Secured Note was amended to increase the default interest rate from to or the maximum rate allowable by law and to require a cash payment to the Company by Sysorex against the Loan Amount in an amount equal to no less than of the aggregate gross proceeds raised following the completion of any financing, or series of related financings, in which Sysorex raises aggregate gross proceeds of at least million. 
 In accordance with the terms of the Systat License Agreement on June 30, 2020, the Company partitioned a portion of the outstanding balance of the Secured Note into a new note in an amount equal to million in principal plus accrued interest (the Closing Note and assigned the Closing Note and all rights and obligations thereunder to Systat in accordance with the terms and conditions of that certain Promissory Note Assignment and Assumption Agreement ("Assignment Agreement"). An additional million of the principal balance underlying the Sysorex Note was partitioned into a new note and assigned to Systat as consideration payable for the rights granted under the license as of December 31, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2020, an additional amount of approximately million was advanced under the Secured Note and approximately was repaid. The amount owed for principal as of December 31, 2020 and accrued interest through September 30, 2019 by Sysorex to the Company as of December 31, 2020 was approximately million. These amounts exclude of additional interest that the Company is contractually entitled to accrue from October 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019 and approximately million of additional interest from January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020 in accordance with the terms of the Sysorex Note, but did not accrue due to the uncertainty of repayment. 
 An additional million of the principal balance under the Secured Note was assigned to Systat on March 19, 2021, as the final portion of the total consideration due in connection with the license. 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2020 an additional was advanced under the Secured Note and the Company was entitled to an additional of interest in accordance with the terms of the Note, but did not accrue due to the uncertainty of repayment. An additional million of the principal balance under the Secured Note was assigned to Systat on March 19, 2021, as the final portion of the total consideration due in connection with the license. 
 F-67 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

whereby Atlas agreed to accept an aggregate of shares of freely-tradable common stock of the Company in full satisfaction of the award. The Company and Sysorex each agreed pursuant to the terms and conditions of that certain Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated August 7, 2018, as amended, that of the costs and liabilities related to the arbitration action would be shared by each party following the Sysorex Spin-off. As a result, Sysorex owes the Company million for the settlement plus the interest accrued during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 of million. The total owed to the Company for this settlement as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was . The Company established a full valuation allowance against this balance as of December 31, 2020. 
 As of April 14, 2021, the Sysorex Receivable was settled, see Sysorex Securities Settlement Agreement below. 
 Sysorex Securities Settlement Agreement 
 On April 14, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Settlement Agreement (the SSA and a Rights Letter Agreement (the RLA ), each with Sysorex, whereby Sysorex agreed to satisfy in full its outstanding debt, in the aggregate amount of million as of March 31, 2021, owed to the Company under that certain secured promissory note, originally dated December 31, 2018, as amended from time to time, and in connection with that certain settlement agreement, dated February 20, 2019, by and among the Company, Sysorex and Atlas Technology Group, LLC (the Debt Settlement ). To effect the Debt Settlement, Sysorex agreed to issue to the Company (i) pursuant to the terms of the SSA, shares of its common stock, par value per share, and (ii) rights to acquire additional shares of its common stock pursuant to the terms of the RLA. The Debt Settlement was entered into in connection with Sysorex s closing of a reverse triangular merger with TTM Digital Assets Technologies, Inc. 
 
 The Company recorded million for the release of the previously recorded valuation allowance, million of interest income, and a gain on settlement of million equal to the difference in the carry value of the promissory note, including interest and value of the common stock and rights to acquire additional shares received in the settlement. 
 In connection with the Debt Settlement, the Company also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2021 (the RRA ), with Sysorex and certain other shareholders of Sysorex (the Holders ). Pursuant to the terms of the RRA, Sysorex must, subject to certain limitations, register the resale of the shares of common stock held by the Company and the Holders, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), during the period that begins on the 90th day following April 14, 2021. In the event Sysorex fails to register such shares within that timeframe, or otherwise fails to meet its obligations under the RRA, then, subject to certain limitations, the Company and the Holders may be entitled to receive from Sysorex an amount in cash equal to the product of multiplied by the value of their shares (as set forth in the RRA), which amount is payable each month following the date of such failure for so long as the failure continues; provided that the shares are considered "Registrable Securities" as defined by the RRA. The shares of Sysorex common stock were not deemed Registrable Securities as defined by the RRA as of the date of the registration obligation. 
 Also, under the RRA, if Sysorex determines to prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement relating to an offering of any of its equity securities, for its own account or the account of others, then the Company and the Holders will have the right, subject to certain limitations, to require Sysorex to include in such registration statement all or any part of the shares of common stock held by them. 
 Cardinal Health Ventures Investment 
 Nadir Ali, our Chief Executive Officer and director, is also a member in CVH through 3AM, which may, in certain circumstances, be entitled to manage the affairs of CVH. Mr. Ali s relationship may create conflicts of interest between Mr. Ali s obligations to our company and its shareholders and his economic interests and possible fiduciary obligations in CVH through 3AM. For example, Mr. Ali may be in a position to influence or manage the affairs of CVH in a manner that may be viewed as contrary to the best interests of either the Company or CVH and their respective stakeholders. (See Note 14). 
 F-68 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

per month as consideration for the additional time and efforts dedicated to the Company and management in support of the evaluation of strategic relationships and growth initiatives. The Amended Director Services Agreement supersedes and replaces all prior agreements by and between the Company and Mr. Irfan. 
 F-69 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 Note 29 - 
 new operating leases for its administrative offices in Ratingen, Germany, both from February 1, 2021 through January 1, 2023. The monthly lease rate is approximately and per month. The Company renewed the operating lease, which expires on July 31, 2023. The new monthly lease rate is approximately and . 
 
 As part of the acquisition of IntraNav on December 9, 2021. the Company acquired right-of-use assets and lease liabilities related to an operating lease for an office space (the IntraNav office) located in Frankfurt, Germany. This lease expires on January 6, 2025 and the current lease rate is approximately per month. 
 
 The Company entered into new operating leases for its administrative office in Hyderabad, India and Manila, Philippines. The Hyderabad, India and Manila, Philippines office lease expires on March 25, 2025 and May 14, 2025, respectively. 
 The Company has no other operating or financing leases with terms greater than 12 months. 
 
 Hyderabad, India Office Coquitlam, Canada Office Westminster, Canada Office Toronto, Canada Office Ratingen, Germany Office Berlin, Germany Office Slough, United Kingdom Office Frankfurt, Germany Office Manila, Philippines Office Less accumulated amortization ) ) Right-of-use asset, net 
 Lease expense for operating leases recorded in the balance sheet is included in operating costs and expenses and is based on the future minimum lease payments recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease plus any variable lease costs. Operating lease expenses, inclusive of short-term and variable lease expenses, recognized in our consolidated statements of operations for both years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded million each year as rent expense to the right-of-use assets. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded short-term and variable lease expenses of million and million each year, respectively. 
 
 F-70 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 Note 29 - Leases (continued) 

 Less: short term portion ) ) Long term portion 
 Year ending December 31, 2024 Year ending December 31, 2025 Year ending December 31, 2026 Total Less: Present value discount ) Lease liability 
 Operating lease liabilities are based on the net present value of the remaining lease payments over the remaining lease term. In determining the present value of lease payments, the Company used its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the date of adoption of Topic 842. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining lease term is and the weighted average discount rate used to determine the operating lease liabilities was . 
 
 Note 30 - 
 . The layoffs resulted in one-time expenses of approximately million in the Indoor Intelligence segment which consisted of severance payouts to terminated employees and outplacement service expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022. These expenses were included in the Company's total operating expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations with the unpaid restructuring costs included in accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The Company recorded a Restructuring costs payable for costs incurred related to the restructuring activities noted above for costs incurred but not yet paid as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Restructuring costs incurred Restructuring costs paid ) Restructuring costs payable - December 31, 2022 
 
 Note 31 - 
 F-71 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Note 32 - 
 million on January 13, 2023 for funding of liabilities and working capital needs. The promissory note has an interest rate of and is due on or before June 30, 2023. 
 On February 27, 2023, the Company entered into Limited Liability Company Unit Transfer and Joinder Agreements with certain of the Company s employees (the Transferees ), pursuant to which (i) the Company transferred all of its Class A Units of CVH (the Class A Units ), an aggregate of Class A Units, to the Transferees as bonus consideration in connection with each Transferee s services performed for and on behalf of the Company as an employee, as applicable, which was approved by the board of directors during the quarter ended March 31, 2023 and (ii) each Transferee became a member of CVH and a party to the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of CVH, dated as of September 30, 2020. 
 During the quarter ended March 31, 2023, the Company exchanged approximately million of the outstanding principal and interest under the March 2020 Note Purchase Agreement and Promissory Note for shares of the Company's common stock at prices from to per share, calculated in accordance with Nasdaq's minimum price as defined by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d). This note was full satisfied as of January 31, 2023. 
 F-72 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 million of the outstanding principal and interest under the July 2022 Note Purchase Agreement and Promissory Note for shares of the Company's common stock at prices from to per share, calculated in accordance with Nasdaq's minimum price as defined by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d). 
 During the quarter ended March 31, 2023, the Company sold shares of common stock at share prices between and per share under an equity distribution agreement for gross proceeds of approximately million. 
 During January 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the exercise of pre-funded warrants at per share in connection with the October 2022 registered direct offering. 
 On April 14, 2023, the Company received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Staff of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq indicating that, based upon the closing bid price of our common stock for the last 30 consecutive business days beginning on March 2, 2023, and ending on April 13, 2023, the Company no longer meets the requirement to maintain a minimum bid price of 1 per share, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company has been provided a period of 180 calendar days, or until October 11, 2023, in which to regain compliance. In order to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement, the closing bid price of our common stock must be at least 1 per share for a minimum of ten consecutive business days during this 180-day period. In the event that the Company does not regain compliance within this 180-day period, the Company may be eligible to seek an additional compliance period of 180 calendar days if it meets the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards for the Nasdaq Capital Market, with the exception of the bid price requirement, and provides written notice to Nasdaq of its intent to cure the deficiency during this second compliance period, by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. However, if it appears to the Nasdaq staff that the Company will not be able to cure the deficiency, or if the Company is otherwise not eligible, Nasdaq will provide notice to the Company that our common stock will be subject to delisting. The letter does not result in the immediate delisting of our common stock from the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Company intends to monitor the closing bid price of our common stock and consider its available options in the event that the closing bid price of our common stock remains below 1 per share. 
 Warrant Amendments 
 On February 28, 2023, the Company entered into warrant amendments (the Warrant Amendments with certain holders (each, including its successors and assigns, a Holder and collectively, the Holders of (i) those certain Common Stock Purchase Warrants issued by the Company in April 2018 (the April 2018 Warrants pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-204159), (ii) those certain Common Stock Purchase Warrants issued by the Company in September 2021 (the September 2021 Warrants pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-256827), and (iii) those certain Common Stock Purchase Warrants issued by the Company in March 2022 (the March 2022 Warrants and together with the April 2018 Warrants and the September 2021 Warrants, the Existing Warrants pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-256827). 
 
 Pursuant to the Warrant Amendments, the Company and the Holders have agreed to amend (i) the September 2021 Warrants and the March 2022 Warrants to provide that all of such outstanding warrants shall be automatically exchanged for shares of common stock of the Company, at a rate of shares of Common Stock (the Exchange Shares for each September 2021 Warrant or March 2022 Warrant, as applicable, and (ii) the April 2018 Warrants to remove the obligation of the Company to hold the portion of a Distribution (as defined in the April 2018 Warrants) in abeyance in connection with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined in the April 2018 Warrants). 
 
 In connection with the exchange for all of the then outstanding September 2021 Warrants and March 2022 Warrants as of the effective date of the Warrant Amendments, the Company issued Exchange Shares and Exchange Shares, respectively, resulting in the issuance of Exchange Shares in the aggregate. 
 Enterprise Apps Spin-off and Business Combination 
 
 On March 14, 2023, Inpixon completed (the Closing the separation (the Separation of its enterprise apps business (including its workplace experience technologies, indoor mapping, events platform, augmented reality and related business solutions) (the Enterprise Apps Business through a spin-off of CXApp Holding Corp., a Delaware corporation ("CXApp"), to certain holders of Inpixon securities as of March 6, 2023 (the Record Date on a pro rata basis (the Distribution or Enterprise Apps Spin-off and merger (the Merger of CXApp with a wholly owned subsidiary of KINS Technology Group 
 F-73 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 share of CXApp common stock for each share of Inpixon common stock held as of such date. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each share of Legacy CXApp common stock was thereafter exchanged for the right to receive of a share of New CXApp Class A common stock (with fractional shares rounded down to the nearest whole share) and of a share of New CXApp Class C common stock (with fractional shares rounded down to the nearest whole share). New CXApp Class A common stock and New CXApp Class C common stock are identical in all respects, except that New CXApp Class C common stock is not listed and will automatically convert into New CXApp Class A common stock on the earlier to occur of (i) the th day following the closing of the Merger and (ii) the day that the last reported sale price of New CXApp Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share for any trading days within any -trading day period following the closing of the Merger. Upon the closing of the Transactions, Inpixon s existing securityholders held approximately of the shares of New CXApp common stock outstanding. 
 
 As of the Closing, CXApp is expected to have approximately million of net cash. The transaction is expected to be tax-free to Inpixon and its stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
 The following unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 are presented as if the Enterprise Apps Spin-Off had occurred as of January 1, 2022 in that they reflect the reclassification of Enterprise Apps as a discontinued operation for all periods presented. The following unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2022 is presented as if the Enterprise Apps Spin-Off occurred on December 31, 2022. The unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are presented based on information currently available including certain assumptions and estimates. They are intended for informational purposes only, and do not purport to represent what the Company s financial position and operating results would have been had the Enterprise Apps Spin-Off and related events occurred on the dates indicated above, or to project the Company s financial position or results of operations for any future date or period. Furthermore, they do not reflect all actions that may be undertaken by the Company after the Enterprise Apps Spin-Off. The unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying notes should be read in conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in the Company s Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. In the enclosed unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Balance Sheets, the amounts reflected in the columns presented are described below: 
 
 Inpixon and Subsidiaries Historical 
 
 This column reflects the Company s historical financial statements for the periods presented and does not reflect any adjustments related to the Enterprise Apps Spin-Off and related events. The Inpixon and Subsidiaries Historical Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 and the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 were derived from the Company s audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in its Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Enterprise Apps Discontinued Operations 
 
 The unaudited pro forma financial information related to the Enterprise Apps Discontinued Operations has been prepared in accordance with the discontinued operations guidance in Accounting Standards Codification 205, Financial Statement Presentation and therefore does not reflect what the Company s or Enterprise Apps results of operations would have been on 
 F-74 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 F-75 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 ) ) (c) Accounts receivable, net of allowances ) Other receivables ) Inventory Note receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Total Current Assets ) ) Property and equipment, net ) Operating lease right-of-use asset, net ) Software development costs, net ) Investments in equity securities Long-term investments ) (d) Intangible assets, net ) Other assets ) Total Assets ) ) Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current Liabilities Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities ) Operating lease obligation, current ) Deferred revenue ) Short-term debt Acquisition liability ) (e) Total Current Liabilities ) Long Term Liabilities 
 F-76 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 ) Other liabilities, noncurrent ) ) Total Liabilities ) Commitments and Contingencies Mezzanine Equity Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock- 53,197.7234 shares authorized, 0 issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Stockholders Equity Preferred Stock - 0.001 par value; 5,000,000 shares authorized Series 4 Convertible Preferred Stock - 10,415 shares authorized; 1 issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Series 5 Convertible Preferred Stock - 12,000 shares authorized; 126 issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Common Stock - 0.001 par value; 500,000,000 shares authorized; 3,570,894 issued and 3,570,893 outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost, 1 share ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit ) ) ) (c), (d), (e) ) Stockholders Equity Attributable to Inpixon ) ) Non-controlling Interest ) ) Total Stockholders Equity ) ) Total Liabilities, Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders Equity ) ) 
 
 F-77 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

) Cost of Revenues ) Gross Profit ) Operating Expenses Research and development ) Sales and marketing ) (g) General and administrative ) (g) Acquisition-related costs ) Impairment of goodwill and intangibles ) Amortization of intangibles ) Total Operating Expenses ) Loss from Operations ) ) ) Other Income (Expense) Interest expense, net ) ) ) Other expense, net Unrealized loss on equity securities ) ) Unrealized loss on equity method investment ) ) Total Other Expense ) ) ) Net Loss, before tax ) ) ) Income tax provision Net Loss ) ) ) Net Loss Attributable to Non-controlling Interest ) ) Net Loss Attributable to Stockholders of Inpixon ) ) ) Accretion of Series 7 preferred stock ) ) 
 F-78 

Table of Contents 
 INPIXON AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 ) Deemed dividend for the modification related to Series 8 Preferred Stock ) ) Deemed contribution for the modification related to Warrants issued in connection with Series 8 Preferred Stock Amortization premium- modification related to Series 8 Preferred Stock Net Loss Attributable to Common Stockholders Basic and diluted loss per share Weighted Average Shares Outstanding, basic and diluted 
 
 The following is a summary of the unaudited pro forma adjustments reflected in the unaudited pro forma consolidated financial statements based on preliminary estimates, which may change as additional information is obtained. 
 
 a. Reflects amounts reported by the Company within its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 b. Reflects the elimination of the Enterprise Apps Business assets, liabilities, and historical balances within the Company's consolidated financial statements that were discontinued as result of the Business Combination. The Company notes million of consideration was to be received by the Company in connection with the Business Combination. The consideration was paid directly to the shareholders of the Company, and no adjustment was included in the unaudited pro forma consolidated balance sheet as a result. 
 
 c. Reflects adjustments for remaining cash contribution of million to reach million cash balance for Enterprise Apps Business in accordance with the Separation and Distribution Agreement. 
 
 d. Reflects adjustments to the Company's investment in Class A and Class B Units of Cardinal Ventures Holdings LLC, which has certain interests in the sponsor of KINS. The Company distributed its ownership interests to certain employees and members of management on February 28, 2023 as a pre-requisite to the Business Combination. 
 
 e. Reflects adjustment for acquisition liability that is within the Enterprise Apps Business, but will be retained by the Company subsequent to the Enterprise Apps Spin-off. 
 
 f. Reflects the elimination of the historical revenue and expenses directly related to the Enterprise Apps Business that will not recur in the Company combined statement of operations as a result of the Enterprise Apps Spin-off. 
 
 g. Reflects management s estimates of approximately million of historical costs mainly for executive salaries and benefits in general and administrative expenses million) and sales and marketing expenses million) that were allocated to Enterprise Apps Business. The historical costs were added back to the statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 as the costs would be incurred by the Company. 
 
 F-79 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer (our principal executive officer) and our chief financial officer (our principal financial and accounting officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. The evaluation was undertaken in consultation with our accounting personnel. Based on that evaluation, our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. 
 Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our Board, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and our directors; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on the assessment, management has concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15 (f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter of the last fiscal year that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B: OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 At-The-Market (ATM) Program 
 
 On July 22, 2022, we entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the "Sales Agreement") with Maxim Group LLC ("Maxim") under which we may offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 25 million (the "Shares") from time to time through Maxim, acting exclusively as our Sales Agent (the "ATM Offering"). Maxim is entitled to compensation at a fixed commission rate of 3.0 of the gross sales price per Share sold excluding Maxim's costs and out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with its services, including the fees and out-of-pocket expenses of its legal counsel. 
 
 We have issued 9,655,207 shares of common stock in connection with the ATM Offering since January 1, 2023, in connection with the ATM Offering at per share price between 1.15 and 1.86, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of approximately 15.4 million. 
 
 The information set forth below is included herein for the purpose of providing the disclosure required under Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. of Form 8-K. 
 
 We issued an aggregate of 850,000 shares of common stock (the Exchange Common Shares to the holder of that certain outstanding promissory note of the Company issued on July 22, 2022 (the July 2022 Note ), at a price of 0.3336 per share, which is equal to the Minimum Price as defined in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d) in connection with the terms and conditions of an Exchange Agreement, dated April 13, 2023, pursuant to which we and the holder agreed to (i) partition new promissory notes in the form of the July 2022 Note in the aggregate original principal amount equal to approximately 0.3 million and then cause the outstanding balance of the July 2022 Note to be reduced by an aggregate of approximately 0.3 million; and (ii) exchange the partitioned notes for the delivery of the Exchange Common Shares. 
 
 The offer and sale of the Exchange Common Shares was not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), in reliance on an exemption from registration under Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, in that (a) the Exchange Common Shares were issued in exchanges for partitioned notes which are other outstanding securities of the Company; (b) there was no additional consideration of value delivered by the holder in connection with the exchanges; and (c) there were no commissions or other remuneration paid by the Company in connection with the exchanges. 
 
 After taking into account the issuance of the Exchange Common Shares, the Company will have 18,059,673 shares of common stock outstanding. 
 
 The information set forth below is included herein for the purpose of providing the disclosure required under Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing. of Form 8-K. 
 
 On April 14, 2023, the Company received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Staff of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq indicating that, based upon the closing bid price of our common stock for the last 30 consecutive business days beginning on March 2, 2023, and ending on April 13, 2023, the Company no longer meets the requirement to maintain a minimum bid price of 1 per share, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). 
 
 In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company has been provided a period of 180 calendar days, or until October 11, 2023, in which to regain compliance. In order to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement, the closing bid price of our common stock must be at least 1 per share for a minimum of ten consecutive business days during this 180-day period. In the event that the Company does not regain compliance within this 180-day period, the Company may be eligible to seek an additional compliance period of 180 calendar days if it meets the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards for the Nasdaq Capital Market, with the exception of the bid price requirement, and provides written notice to Nasdaq of its intent to cure the deficiency during this second compliance period, by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. However, if it appears to the Nasdaq staff that the Company will not be able to cure the deficiency, or if the Company is otherwise not eligible, Nasdaq will provide notice to the Company that our common stock will be subject to delisting. 
 
 The letter does not result in the immediate delisting of our common stock from the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Company intends to monitor the closing bid price of our common stock and consider its available options in the event that the closing bid price of our common stock remains below 1 per share. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9C: DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 

82 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10: DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The following table sets forth the names and ages of all of our current directors and executive officers. Our officers are appointed by, and serve at the pleasure of, the Company s Board of Directors (referred to herein as the Board and/or our Chief Executive Officer. 
 Name Age Position Nadir Ali 53 Chief Executive Officer and Director Soumya Das 49 Chief Operating Officer Wendy Loundermon 51 Chief Financial Officer and Director, Secretary of Inpixon Leonard Oppenheim 75 Director Kareem Irfan 61 Director Tanveer Khader 53 Director 
 
 Nadir Ali 
 
 Mr. Ali has served as our Chief Executive Officer and as a member of our Board since September 2011. As the Chief Executive Officer of Inpixon, Mr. Ali is responsible for establishing the vision, strategy and the operational aspects of Inpixon. Mr. Ali works with the Inpixon executive team to deliver both operational and strategic leadership and has over 20 years of experience in the consulting and high-tech industries. From November 2015 until the completion of the Sysorex Spin-off in August 2018, Mr. Ali served as the Chief Executive Officer of Sysorex Inc. (OTCQB: SYSX) and he served as a member of board of directors until May 14, 2021. Mr. Ali is also the Managing Director of 3AM LLC, a company that advises and invests in certain asset classes including real estate and other asset classes since April 26, 2011. Mr. Ali also serves in the capacities set forth below for each of our following direct and indirect subsidiaries (a) director of Inpixon India Limited since April 1, 2005 (b) Managing Director of Inpixon GmbH since May 8, 2020, (c) Managing Director of Inpixon GmbH since May 8, 2020, (d) Managing Director of Inpixon Limited since May 13, 2020, (e) Managing Director of Nanotron Technologies GmbH since October 6, 2020, (f) director of Game Your Game, Inc. since April 9, 2021, (g) director of Active Mind Technology Ltd. and (h) Managing Director of IntraNav GmbH. 
 From 1998 to 2001, Mr. Ali was the co-founder and Managing Director of Tira Capital, an early stage technology fund. Immediately prior thereto, Mr. Ali served as Vice President of Strategic Planning for Isadra, Inc., an e-commerce software start-up, which was acquired by VerticalNet. From 1995 through 1998, Mr. Ali was Vice President of Strategic Programs at Sysorex Information Systems, a computer systems integrator, which was acquired by Vanstar Government Systems in 1997. Mr. Ali received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from the University of California at Berkeley in 1989. Mr. Ali s valuable entrepreneurial, management, mergers and acquisitions and technology experience together with his in-depth knowledge of the business of Inpixon led us to the conclusion that he should serve as a member of our Board. 
 Soumya Das 
 
 Mr. Das has served as our Chief Operating Officer since February 2018 and served as our Chief Marketing Officer from November 2016 until March 2021. Prior to joining Inpixon, from November 2013 until January 2016, Mr. Das was the Chief Marketing Officer of Identiv, a security technology company. From January 2012 until October 2013, Mr. Das was the Chief Marketing Officer of SecureAuth, a provider of multi-factor authentication, single sign-on, adaptive authentication and self-services tools for different applications. Prior to joining SecureAuth, Mr. Das was the Vice President, Marketing and Strategy of CrownPeak, a provider of web content management solutions, from April 2010 until January 2012. Mr. Das has also served as a member of the board of Museum on Mile since January 4, 2019, and President of Take 1 Down Foundation, a California non-profit, since March 2016. Mr. Das earned an MBA from Richmond College, London, United Kingdom, and Bachelor of Business Management from Andhra University in India. 
 Wendy Loundermon 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Ms. Loundermon, who was appointed our Principal Financial and Accounting Officer on July 19, 2017, has overseen all of Inpixon s finance, accounting and HR activities from 2002 until October 2014 at which time she became the Vice President of Finance until December 2014. From January 2015 and October 2015, she was appointed Interim CFO of the Company. Thereafter, she continued with the Company as Vice President of Finance and was re- appointed as CFO on September 16, 2019. She was also appointed as a member of our Board on May 14, 2019. Ms. Loundermon has over 20 years of finance and accounting experience. She is currently responsible for the preparation and filing of financial statements and reports for all companies, tax return filings, and managing the accounting staff. Ms. Loundermon received a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting and a Master of Science degree in Taxation from George Mason University. Ms. Loundermon s extensive knowledge about the Company and strong financial experience provides her with the qualifications and skills to serve as a director of our Company. 
 Leonard A. Oppenheim 
 Mr. Oppenheim has served as a member of our Board since July 2011. Mr. Oppenheim retired from business in 2001 and has since been active as a private investor. From 1999 to 2001, he was a partner in Faxon Research, a company offering independent research to professional investors. From 1983 to 1999, Mr. Oppenheim was a principal in the Investment Banking and Institutional Sales division of Montgomery Securities. Prior to that, he was a practicing attorney. Mr. Oppenheim is a graduate of New York University Law School. Mr. Oppenheim served on the Board of Apricus Biosciences, Inc. (Nasdaq: APRI), a publicly held bioscience company, from June 2005 to May 2014. Mr. Oppenheim s public company board experience is essential to the Company. Mr. Oppenheim also meets the Audit Committee Member requirements as a financial expert. Mr. Oppenheim s public company board experience and financial knowledge provide him with the qualifications and skills to serve as a director of our Company. 
 Kareem M. Irfan 
 
 Mr. Irfan has served as a member of our Board since July 2014. Mr. Irfan has been Chicago-based CEO (Global Businesses) since 2013 of Cranes Software International Limited (Cranes), a group of multinational corporations providing IT, Big-Data Analytics, Business Intelligence Tech-Education services. Mr. Irfan previously served as Chief Strategy Officer for Cranes; a General Counsel for Schneider Electric (a Paris-based global leader in energy management) from 2005 to 2011; a Chief Counsel for Square D (US), and practiced IP law at two international. law firms in the US. He also advises global corporate, NGOs, NPOs and ed-institutions on M A strategies, CSG/SRI, strategic sustainability governance, inter-faith bridge-building, diversity/cultural sensitivity, international collaborations, and industry-oriented management/Leadership programs. Mr. Irfan is a graduate of DePaul University College of Law, holds a MS in Computer Engineering from the University of Illinois, and a BS in Electronics Engineering from Bangalore University. Mr. Irfan s extensive experience in advising information technology companies, managing corporate governance and regulatory management policies, including over 30 years as a business strategist and over fifteen years of executive management leadership give him strong qualifications and skills to serve as a director of our Company. 
 Tanveer A. Khader 
 Mr. Khader has served as a member of our Board since July 2014. Since 2010, Mr. Khader has been the Executive Vice President of Systat Software Inc., a company offering scientific software products for statisticians and researchers. Prior thereto he was Senior Vice President from 2008-2010, Vice President from 2004-2008, and General Manager from 2002-2004. Mr. Khader holds a BE in Engineering from Bangalore University and a degree in Business Administration from St. Joseph s Commerce College. Mr. Khader s extensive experience with software development, data analytics and strategic planning give him the qualifications and skills to serve as director of our Company. 
 Our Board 
 Our Board may establish the authorized number of directors from time to time by resolution. The current authorized number of directors is five (5). Our current directors, if elected, will continue to serve as directors until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor has been elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, or removal. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 We continue to review our corporate governance policies and practices by comparing our policies and practices with those suggested by various groups or authorities active in evaluating or setting best practices for corporate governance of public companies. Based on this review, we have adopted, and will continue to adopt, changes that the Board believes are the appropriate corporate governance policies and practices for our Company. 
 Our Board held ten (10) meetings during 2022 and acted through seven (7) written consents. No member of our Board attended fewer than 75 of the aggregate of (i) the total number of meetings of the Board (held during the period for which he or she was a director) and (ii) the total number of meetings held by all committees of the Board on which such director served (held during the period that such director served). Members of our Board are invited and encouraged to attend our annual meeting of stockholders. 
 Independence of Directors 
 In determining the independence of our directors, we apply the definition of independent director provided under the listing rules of Nasdaq. Pursuant to these rules, the Board has determined that all of the directors currently serving on the Board are independent within the meaning of Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605 with the exception of Nadir Ali and Wendy Loundermon, who are executive officers. 
 Committees of our Board 
 The Board has three standing committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 
 Audit Committee 
 The Audit Committee consists of Leonard Oppenheim, Tanveer Khader, and Kareem Irfan, all of whom are independent as defined under section 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules. Mr. Oppenheim is the Chairman of the Audit Committee. In addition, the Board has determined that Leonard Oppenheim qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in the rules of the SEC. The Audit Committee operates pursuant to a charter, which can be viewed on our website at http://www.inpixon.com (under Investors ). The Audit Committee met four (4) times during 2022. All members attended more than 75 of such committee meetings. The primary role of the Audit Committee is to: 
 oversee management s preparation of our financial statements and management s conduct of the accounting and financial reporting processes; 
 oversee management s maintenance of internal controls and procedures for financial reporting; 
 oversee our compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, including without limitation, those requirements relating to financial controls and reporting; 
 oversee the independent auditor s qualifications and independence; 
 oversee the performance of the independent auditors, including the annual independent audit of our financial statements; 
 prepare the report required by the rules of the SEC to be included in our Proxy Statement; and 
 discharge such duties and responsibilities as may be required of the Committee by the provisions of applicable law, rule or regulation. 
 The Audit Committee is authorized to establish procedures to receive, address, monitor, and retain complaints arising out of accounting and auditing matters. As it deems appropriate, the Audit Committee is authorized to engage outside auditors, counsel, or other experts. A copy of the charter of the Audit Committee is available on our website at http://www.inpixon.com (under "Investors"). 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Compensation Committee 
 The Compensation Committee consists of Kareem Irfan, Leonard Oppenheim and Tanveer Khader, all of whom are independent as defined in section 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules. Mr. Irfan is the Chairman of the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee met two (2) times during 2022. All members attended 75 or more of such committee meetings. The primary role of the Compensation Committee is to: 
 develop and recommend to the independent directors of the Board the annual compensation (base salary, bonus, stock options and other benefits) for our directors and officers; 
 review, approve and recommend to the independent directors of the Board the annual compensation (base salary, bonus and other benefits) for all of our Executive Officers (as used in Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and defined in Rule 16a-1 thereunder); 
 review, approve and recommend to the Board the annual profit-sharing contribution, aggregate number of equity grants and other benefits to be granted to all other employees; 
 review, the management's succession planning process in consultation with CEO, and provide report to the Board on Company's leadership succession planning for the CEO and other Executive Officers, on annual basis; and 
 ensure that a significant portion of executive compensation is reasonably related to the long-term interest of our stockholders. 
 A copy of the charter of the Compensation Committee is available on our website at http://www.inpixon.com (under Investors ). 
 The Compensation Committee may form and delegate a subcommittee consisting of one or more members to perform the functions of the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee may engage outside advisers, including outside auditors, attorneys and consultants, as it deems necessary to discharge its responsibilities. The Compensation Committee has sole authority to retain and terminate any compensation expert or consultant to be used to provide advice on compensation levels or assist in the evaluation of director, President/Chief Executive Officer or senior executive compensation, including sole authority to approve the fees of any expert or consultant and other retention terms. In addition, the Compensation Committee considers, but is not bound by, the recommendations of our Chief Executive Officer with respect to the compensation packages of our other executive officers. 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 
 The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, or the Governance Committee, consists of Tanveer Khader, Leonard Oppenheim and Kareem Irfan, all of whom are independent as defined in section 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules. Mr. Khader is the Chairman of the Governance Committee. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee did not meet in person during 2022 and acted by written consent one (1) time during 2022. The role of the Governance Committee is to: 
 evaluate from time to time the appropriate size (number of members) of the Board and recommend any increase or decrease; 
 determine the desired skills and attributes of members of the Board, taking into account the needs of the business and listing standards; 
 establish criteria for prospective members, conduct candidate searches, interview prospective candidates, and oversee programs to introduce the candidate to us, our management, and operations; 
 annually recommend to the Board persons to be nominated for election as directors; 
 recommend to the Board the members of all standing Committees; 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 periodically review the independence of each director; 
 adopt or develop for Board consideration corporate governance principles and policies; and 
 provide oversight to the strategic planning process conducted annually by our management. 
 A copy of the charter of the Governance Committee is available on our website at http://www.inpixon.com (under Investors ). 
 Stockholder Communications 
 Two-way communication is important for maintaining transparency and resolving any grievances with stockholders. Stockholders may communicate with the members of the Board, either individually or collectively, by writing to the Board at 2479 E. Bayshore Road, Suite 195, Palo Alto, CA 94303. These communications will be reviewed by the Secretary as agent for the non-employee directors in facilitating direct communication to the Board. The Secretary will treat communications containing complaints relating to accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters as reports under our Whistleblower Policy. Further, the Secretary will disregard communications that are bulk mail, solicitations to purchase products or services not directly related either to us or the non-employee directors roles as members of the Board, sent other than by stockholders in their capacities as such or from particular authors or regarding particular subjects that the non-employee directors may specify from time to time, and all other communications which do not meet the applicable requirements or criteria described below, consistent with the instructions of the non-employee directors. 
 General Communications. The Secretary will summarize all stockholder communications directly relating to our business operations, the Board, our officers, our activities or other matters and opportunities closely related to us. This summary and copies of the actual stockholder communications will then be circulated to the Chairman of the Governance Committee. 
 Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations and Recommendations. Stockholder proposals are reviewed by the Secretary for compliance with the requirements for such proposals set forth in our Bylaws and in Regulation 14a-8 promulgated under the Exchange Act. Stockholder proposals that meet these requirements will be summarized by the Secretary. Summaries and copies of the stockholder proposals are circulated to the Chairman of the Governance Committee. 
 Stockholder nominations for directors are reviewed and summarized by the Secretary. 
 The Governance Committee will consider director candidates recommended by stockholders. If a director candidate is recommended by a stockholder, the Governance Committee expects to evaluate such candidate in the same manner it evaluates director candidates it identifies. Stockholders desiring to make a recommendation to the Governance Committee should follow the procedures set forth above regarding stockholder nominations for directors. 
 Retention of Stockholder Communications. Any stockholder communications which are not circulated to the Chairman of the Governance Committee because they do not meet the applicable requirements or criteria described above will be retained by the Secretary for at least ninety calendar days from the date on which they are received, so that these communications may be reviewed by the directors generally if such information relates to the Board as a whole, or by any individual to whom the communication was addressed, should any director elect to do so. 
 Distribution of Stockholder Communications. Except as otherwise required by law or upon the request of a non-employee director, the Chairman of the Governance Committee will determine when and whether a stockholder communication should be circulated among one or more members of the Board and/or Company management. 
 Director Qualifications and Diversity 
 The Board seeks independent directors who represent a diversity of backgrounds and experiences that will enhance the quality of the Board s deliberations and decisions. The Board is particularly interested in maintaining a mix that includes individuals who are active or retired executive officers and senior executives, particularly those with experience in technology; research and development; finance, accounting and banking; or marketing and sales. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 There is no difference in the manner in which the Governance Committee evaluates nominees for director based on whether the nominee is recommended by a stockholder. In evaluating nominations to the Board, the Governance Committee also looks for depth and breadth of experience within the Company s industry and otherwise, outside time commitments, special areas of expertise, accounting and finance knowledge, business judgment, leadership ability, experience in developing and assessing business strategies, corporate governance expertise, and for incumbent members of the Board, the past performance of the incumbent director. Each of the candidates nominated for election to our Board at our last annual meeting of stockholders was recommended by the Governance Committee. 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 The Board has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics (the Code designed, in part, to deter wrongdoing and to promote honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships, full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with or submits to the SEC and in the Company s other public communications, compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations, the prompt internal reporting of Code violations to an appropriate person or persons, as identified in the Code and accountability for adherence to the Code. The Code applies to all directors, executive officers and employees of the Company. The Code is periodically reviewed by the Board. A copy of the Code is available on our website at http://www.inpixon.com (under "Investors"). In the event we determine to amend or waive certain provisions of the Code, we intend to disclose such amendments or waivers on our website within four (4) business days following such amendment or waiver or as otherwise required by the Nasdaq Listing Rules. 
 Policy against Hedging Stock 
 Our insider trading policy (which was adopted by the Board in November 2015 and updated as of August 2020) prohibits our directors, officers, and other employees, and their designees, from engaging in short sales or from hedging transactions of any nature that are designed to hedge or offset a decrease in market value of such person's ownership of the Company's equity securities. 
 Risk Oversight 
 Our Board provides risk oversight for our entire company by receiving management presentations, including risk assessments, and discussing these assessments with management. Our officers are responsible for overseeing the material risk faced by our Company as part of their day-to-day management responsibilities. Our Board s overall risk oversight, which focuses primarily on risks and exposures associated with current matters that may present material risk to our operations, plans, prospects or reputation, is supplemented by the various committees. Our Audit Committee discusses with management and our independent registered public accounting firm our risk management guidelines and policies, our major financial risk exposures and the steps taken to monitor and control such exposures. Our Compensation Committee oversees risks related to our compensation programs and discusses with management its annual assessment of our employee compensation policies and programs. Our Governance Committee oversees risks related to corporate governance and management and director succession planning. 
 Board Leadership Structure 
 The Chairman of the Board presides at all meetings of the Board, unless such position is vacant, in which case, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company presides. The office of Chairman of the Board has been vacant since the resignation of Abdus Salam Qureishi in September 2016. 
 The Company has no fixed policy with respect to the separation of the offices of the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 ITEM 11: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The table below sets forth, for the last two fiscal years, the compensation earned by (i) each individual who served as our principal executive officer and (ii) our two other most highly compensated executive officers, other than our principal 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 executive officer, who were serving as an executive officer at the end of the last fiscal year. Together, these individuals are sometimes referred to as the Named Executive Officers. 
 Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards )(1) Option Awards )(1) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Nadir Ali, 2022 280,000 220,000 370,005 (1) 294,610 (3) 1,164,615 Chief Executive Officer 2021 280,000 215,000 2,745,000 (1) 523,500 (1) 312,157 (3) 4,075,657 Soumya Das 2022 312,000 280,838 185,023 (1) 12,000 (2) 789,861 Chief Operating Officer 2021 312,000 292,800 1,372,500 (1) 209,400 (1) 12,000 (2) 2,198,700 Wendy Loundermon 2022 300,000 150,000 185,023 (1) 24,519 (4) 659,542 Chief Financial Officer 2021 280,000 110,000 1,372,500 (1) 261,750 (1) 24,232 (4) 2,048,482 
 (1) The fair value of employee restricted stock and option grants are estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with key weighted average assumptions, expected stock volatility and risk free interest rates based on US Treasury rates from the applicable periods. The fair value of each share underlying the restricted stock awards was 1.83. 
 (2) Automobile allowance. 
 (3) Accrued vacation paid as compensation, automobile allowance and housing allowance. 
 (4) Accrued vacation paid as compensation. 
 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 
 Other than as set forth below, there were no outstanding unexercised options, unvested stock, and/or equity incentive plan awards issued to our Named Executive Officers as of December 31, 2022. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Option Awards Stock Awards Name Grant Date Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) exercisable Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) unexercisable Equity incentive plan awards: number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options (#) Option exercise price ) Option expiration date Number of shares of restricted stock # Market value of shares of restricted stock ) Nadir Ali 08/14/2013 1 (1) 146,450,902.50 08/14/2023 04/17/2015 2 (2) 125,839,291.50 04/17/2025 05/17/2018 5 (1) 42,795.00 05/17/2028 01/25/2019 149 (3) 7,627.50 01/25/2029 05/10/2019 149 (3) 2,531.25 05/10/2029 05/08/2020 13,335 (4) (4) 82.50 05/08/2030 08/16/2021 9,452 (5) 10,549 (5) 77.25 08/16/2031 01/08/2022 24,453 (3) 2,214 (3) 39.75 01/08/2032 Soumya Das 02/03/2017 1 (1) 14,102,680.50 02/03/2027 05/17/2018 4 (1) 42,795.00 05/17/2028 01/25/2019 90 (3) 7,627.50 01/25/2029 05/10/2019 90 (3) 2,531.25 05/10/2029 05/08/2020 6,667 (4) (4) 82.50 05/08/2030 08/16/2021 3,791 (5) 4,210 (5) 77.25 08/16/2031 01/08/2022 12,233 (3) 1,102 (3) 39.75 01/08/2032 Wendy Loundermon 11/18/2013 1 (1) 138,857,152.50 11/18/2023 05/09/2014 1 (1) 263,069,208.00 05/09/2024 08/05/2015 1 (2) 94,921,875.00 08/05/2025 02/25/2016 1 (2) 28,205,361.00 02/25/2026 07/20/2016 1 (2) 25,493,305.50 07/20/2026 05/17/2018 4 (1) 42,795.00 05/17/2028 01/25/2019 105 (3) (3) 7,627.50 01/25/2029 05/10/2019 105 (3) (3) 2,531.25 05/10/2029 05/08/2020 6,667 (4) (4) 82.50 05/08/2030 08/16/2021 4,726 (5) 5,275 (5) 77.25 08/16/2031 01/08/2022 12,233 (3) 1,102 (3) 39.75 01/08/2032 
 (1) This option is 100 vested. 
 (2) This option vests 1/48 th per month. 
 (3) This option vests 1/12 th per month. 
 (4) This option vests 1/24th per month. 
 (5) This option vests 1/36th per month. 
 
 Employment Agreements and Arrangements 
 Nadir Ali 
 On July 1, 2010, Nadir Ali entered into an at-will Employment and Non-Compete Agreement, as subsequently amended, with Inpixon Federal, Inc., Inpixon Government Services and Inpixon Consulting prior to their acquisition by the Company. Under the terms of the Employment Agreement Mr. Ali serves as President. The employment agreement was 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 assumed by the Company and Mr. Ali became CEO in September 2011. Mr. Ali s salary under the agreement was initially 240,000 per annum plus other benefits including a bonus plan, a housing allowance, health insurance, life insurance and other standard Inpixon employee benefits. If Mr. Ali s employment is terminated without Cause (as defined), he will receive his base salary for 12 months from the date of termination. Mr. Ali s employment agreement provides that he will not compete with the Company and will be subject to non-solicitation provisions relating to employees, consultants and customers, distributors, partners, joint ventures or suppliers of the Company during the term of his employment or consulting relationship with the Company. On April 17, 2015, the compensation committee approved the increase of Mr. Ali s annual salary to 252,400, effective January 1, 2015. Effective May 16, 2018 the compensation committee approved an increase in Mr. Ali s annual salary to 280,000 and an auto allowance of 1,000 a month. 
 Soumya Das 
 
 On November 4, 2016, and effective as of November 7, 2016, Mr. Das entered into an employment agreement to serve as Chief Marketing Officer of the Company. On February 2, 2018, he was promoted to Chief Operating Officer. In accordance with the terms of the agreement, Mr. Das will receive a base salary of 250,000 per annum. In addition, Mr. Das will receive a bonus up to 75,000 annually, provided that he completes the required tasks before their deadlines, and the tasks, their deadlines and the amount of corresponding bonuses shall be determined by the Company and the CEO. The agreement was effective for an initial term of twenty-four (24) months and was automatically renewed for one additional twelve (12) month period. The Company may terminate the services of Mr. Das with or without just cause, (as defined). If the Company terminates Mr. Das employment without just cause, or if Mr. Das resigns within twenty-four (24) months following a change of control (as defined) and as a result of a material diminution of his position or compensation, Mr. Das will receive (1) his base salary at the then current rate and levels for one (1) month if Mr. Das has been employed by the Company for at least six (6) months but not more than twelve (12) months as of the date of termination or resignation, for three (3) months if Mr. Das has been employed by the Company more than twelve (12) but not more than twenty-four (24) months as of the date of termination or resignation, or for six (6) months if Mr. Das has been employed by the Company for more than twenty-four (24) months as of the date of resignation or termination; (2) 50 of the value of any accrued but unpaid bonus that Mr. Das otherwise would have received; (3) the value of any accrued but unpaid vacation time; and (4) any unreimbursed business expenses and travel expenses that are reimbursable under the agreement. If the Company terminates Mr. Das employment with just cause, Mr. Das will receive only the portion of his base salary and accrued but unused vacation pay that has been earned through the date of termination. On August 31, 2018, the Company amended Mr. Das employment agreement to make the following changes to his compensation effective May 14, 2018: (1) increase in base salary to 275,000 per year, (2) have up to 50,000 in MBO s annually, (3) commissions equal to 2 of recognized revenue associated with the IPA product line paid quarterly and subject to the Company policies in connection with commissions payable and (4) provide a transportation allowance of 1,000 per month. On May 10, 2019, the Company amended Mr. Das commission plan to include a 1 commission on recognized revenue associated with the Shoom product line paid quarterly and subject to Company commission plan policies. Mr. Das s salary was increased to 275,000 effective May 31, 2018 and 312,000 effective January 1, 2021, Effective January 1, 2021, any entitlement to commissions payable to Mr. Das was superseded by adjusting his annual bonus target up to a maximum of 300,000 subject to the achievement of certain milestones, with tasks, deadlines and amounts determined by the Chief Executive Officer. Effective as of March 2021, Mr. Das resigned from his position as Chief Marketing Officer. 
 Wendy Loundermon 
 On October 21, 2014, and effective as of October 1, 2014, the Company entered into an at-will employment agreement with Wendy Loundermon. Ms. Loundermon currently serves as CFO, Director and Secretary of the Company and Secretary of Inpixon Canada, Inc. Pursuant to the agreement, Ms. Loundermon was compensated at an annual rate of 200,000 and is entitled to benefits customarily provided to senior management including equity awards and cash bonuses subject to the satisfaction of certain performance goals determined by the Company. The standards and goals and the bonus targets is set by the compensation committee, in its sole discretion. The Company may terminate the services of Ms. Loundermon with or without cause (as defined). If the Company terminates Ms. Loundermon s employment without cause or in connection with a change of control (as defined), Ms. Loundermon will receive (1) severance consisting of her base salary at the then current rate for twelve (12) months from the date of termination, and (2) her accrued but unpaid salary. If Ms. Loundermon s employment is terminated under any circumstances other than the above, Ms. Loundermon will receive her accrued but unpaid salary. Ms. Loundermon s salary was increased to 228,500 effective April 1, 2017, 250,000 effective March 1, 2018, 280,000 effective January 2021 and 300,000 effective January 2022. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Employee Stock Incentive Plans 
 2018 Employee Stock Incentive Plan 
 The following is a summary of the material terms of our 2018 Employee Stock Incentive Plan, as amended to date (the 2018 Plan ). This description is not complete. For more information, we refer you to the full text of the 2018 Plan, and as amended from time to time. 
 The 2018 Plan is an important part of our compensation program. It promotes financial saving for the future by our employees, fosters good employee relations, and encourages employees to acquire shares of our common stock, thereby better aligning their interests with those of the other stockholders. Therefore, the Board believes it is essential to our ability to attract, retain, and motivate highly qualified employees in an extremely competitive environment both in the United States and internationally. 
 Amount of Shares of Common Stock. The number of shares of our common stock currently available for issuance under the 2018 Plan is 43,000,000, which number is automatically increased on the first day of each quarter through October 1, 2028, by a number of shares of common stock equal to the least of (i) 3,000,000 shares, (ii) twenty percent (20 of the outstanding shares of common stock on the last day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, or (iii) such number of shares that may be determined by the Board. The amount of shares available for issuance is not adjusted in connection with a change in the outstanding shares of common stock by reason of stock dividends, stock splits, reverse stock splits, recapitalizations, mergers, consolidations, combinations or exchanges of shares, separations, reorganizations or liquidations; provided; however, that in no event will the Company issue more than 120,000,000 shares of common stock under the 2018 Plan, including the maximum amount of shares of common stock that may be added to the 2018 Plan in accordance with the automatic quarterly increases. 
 Types of Awards . The 2018 Plan provides for the granting of incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options NQSOs ), stock grants and other stock-based awards, including Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units (as defined in the 2018 Plan). 
 Incentive and Nonqualified Stock Options. The plan administrator determines the exercise price of each stock option. The exercise price of an NQSO may not be less than the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. The exercise price of an incentive stock option may not be less than the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant if the recipient holds 10 or less of the combined voting power of our securities, or 110 of the fair market value of a share of our common stock on the date of grant otherwise. 
 Stock Grants. The plan administrator may grant or sell stock, including restricted stock, to any participant, which purchase price, if any, may not be less than the par value of shares of our common stock. The stock grant will be subject to the conditions and restrictions determined by the administrator. The recipient of a stock grant shall have the rights of a stockholder with respect to the shares of stock issued to the holder under the 2018 Plan. 
 Stock-Based Awards. The plan administrator of the 2018 Plan may grant other stock-based awards, including stock appreciation rights, restricted stock and restricted stock units, with terms approved by the administrator, including restrictions related to the awards. The holder of a stock-based award shall not have the rights of a stockholder except to the extent permitted in the applicable agreement. 
 Plan Administration .Our Board is the administrator of the 2018 Plan, except to the extent it delegates its authority to a committee, in which case the committee shall be the administrator. Our Board has delegated this authority to our compensation committee. The administrator has the authority to determine the terms of awards, including exercise and purchase price, the number of shares subject to awards, the value of our common stock, the vesting schedule applicable to awards, the form of consideration, if any, payable upon exercise or settlement of an award and the terms of award agreements for use under the 2018 Plan. 
 Eligibility .The plan administrator will determine the participants in the 2018 Plan from among our employees, directors and consultants. A grant may be approved in advance with the effectiveness of the grant contingent and effective upon such person s commencement of service within a specified period. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 Termination of Service .Unless otherwise provided by the administrator or in an award agreement, upon a termination of a participant s service, all unvested options then held by the participant will terminate and all other unvested awards will be forfeited. 
 Transferability .Awards under the 2018 Plan may not be transferred except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, unless otherwise provided by the plan administrator in its discretion and set forth in the applicable agreement, provided that no award may be transferred for value. 
 Adjustment .In the event of a stock dividend, stock split, recapitalization or reorganization or other change in change in capital structure, the plan administrator will make appropriate adjustments to the number and kind of shares of stock or securities subject to awards. 
 Corporate Transaction .If we are acquired, the plan administrator will: (i) arrange for the surviving entity or acquiring entity (or the surviving or acquiring entity s parent company) to assume or continue the award or to substitute a similar award for the award; (ii) cancel or arrange for cancellation of the award, to the extent not vested or not exercised prior to the effective time of the transaction, in exchange for such cash consideration, if any, as the plan administrator in its sole discretion, may consider appropriate; or (iii) make a payment, in such form as may be determined by the plan administrator equal to the excess, if any, of (A) the value of the property the holder would have received upon the exercise of the award immediately prior to the effective time of the transaction, over (B) any exercise price payable by such holder in connection with such exercise. In addition in connection with such transaction, the plan administrator may accelerate the vesting, in whole or in part, of the award (and, if applicable, the time at which the award may be exercised) to a date prior to the effective time of such transaction and may arrange for the lapse, in whole or in part, of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by us with respect to an award. 
 Amendment and Termination .The 2018 Plan will terminate on January 4, 2028 or at an earlier date by vote of our Board; provided, however, that any such earlier termination shall not affect any awards granted under the 2018 Plan prior to the date of such termination. The 2018 Plan may be amended by our Board, except that our Board may not alter the terms of the 2018 Plan if it would adversely affect a participant s rights under an outstanding stock right without the participant s consent. 
 The Board may at any time amend or terminate the 2018 Plan; provided that no amendment may be made without the approval of the stockholder if such amendment would increase either the maximum number of shares which may be granted under the 2018 Plan or any specified limit on any particular type or types of award, or change the class of employees to whom an award may be granted, or withdraw the authority to administer the 2018 Plan from a committee whose members satisfy the independence and other requirements of Section 162(m) and applicable SEC and Nasdaq requirements. Pursuant to the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market, certain other material revisions to the 2018 Plan may also require stockholder approval. 
 Federal Income Tax Consequences of the 2018 Plan. The federal income tax consequences of grants under the 2018 Plan will depend on the type of grant. The following is a general summary of the principal United States federal income taxation consequences to participants and us under current law with respect to participation in the 2018 Plan. This summary is not intended to be exhaustive and does not discuss the income tax laws of any city, state or foreign jurisdiction in which a participant may reside or the rules applicable to deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code. Our ability to realize the benefit of any tax deductions described below depends on our generation of taxable income as well as the requirement of reasonableness, the provisions of Section 162(m) of the Code and the satisfaction of our tax reporting obligations. 
 From the grantees standpoint, as a general rule, ordinary income will be recognized at the time of delivery of shares of our common stock or payment of cash under the 2018 Plan. Future appreciation on shares of our common stock held beyond the ordinary income recognition event will be taxable as capital gain when the shares of our common stock are sold. The tax rate applicable to capital gain will depend upon how long the grantee holds the shares. We, as a general rule, will be entitled to a tax deduction that corresponds in time and amount to the ordinary income recognized by the grantee, and we will not be entitled to any tax deduction with respect to capital gain income recognized by the grantee. 
 Exceptions to these general rules arise under the following circumstances: 
 If shares of our common stock, when delivered, are subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture by reason of any employment or performance-related condition, ordinary income taxation and our tax deduction will be delayed 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 until the risk of forfeiture lapses, unless the grantee makes a special election to accelerate taxation under section 83(b) of the Code. 
 If an employee exercises a stock option that qualifies as an ISO, no ordinary income will be recognized, and we will not be entitled to any tax deduction, if shares of our common stock acquired upon exercise of the stock option are held until the later of (A) one year from the date of exercise and (B) two years from the date of grant. However, if the employee disposes of the shares acquired upon exercise of an ISO before satisfying both holding period requirements, the employee will recognize ordinary income at the time of the disposition equal to the difference between the fair market value of the shares on the date of exercise (or the amount realized on the disposition, if less) and the exercise price, and we will be entitled to a tax deduction in that amount. The gain, if any, in excess of the amount recognized as ordinary income will be long-term or short-term capital gain, depending upon the length of time the employee held the shares before the disposition. 
 A grant may be subject to a 20 tax, in addition to ordinary income tax, at the time the grant becomes vested, plus interest, if the grant constitutes deferred compensation under section 409A of the Code and the requirements of section 409A of the Code are not satisfied. 
 Section 162(m) of the Code generally disallows a publicly held corporation s tax deduction for compensation paid to its chief executive officer or certain other officers in excess of 1 million in any year. Qualified performance-based compensation is excluded from the 1 million deductibility limit, and therefore remains fully deductible by the corporation that pays it. We intend that options and SARs granted under the 2018 Plan will be qualified performance-based compensation. Stock units, stock awards, dividend equivalents, and other stock-based awards granted under the 2018 Plan may be designated as qualified performance-based compensation if the Committee conditions such grants on the achievement of specific performance goals in accordance with the requirements of section 162(m) of the Code. 
 We have the right to require that grantees pay to us an amount necessary for us to satisfy our federal, state or local tax withholding obligations with respect to grants. We may withhold from other amounts payable to a grantee an amount necessary to satisfy these obligations. The Committee may permit a grantee to satisfy our withholding obligation with respect to grants paid in shares of our common stock by having shares withheld, at the time the grants become taxable, provided that the number of shares withheld does not exceed the individual s minimum applicable withholding tax rate for federal, state and local tax liabilities. 
 2011 Employee Stock Incentive Plan 
 Except as set forth below, the material terms of our 2011 Employee Stock Incentive Plan, as amended to date (the 2011 Plan are substantially similar to the material terms of the 2018 Plan. However, this description is not complete. For more information, we refer you to the full text of the 2011 Plan. 
 The 2011 Plan is intended to encourage ownership of common stock by our employees and directors and certain of our consultants in order to attract and retain such people, to induce them to work for the benefit of us and to provide additional incentive for them to promote our success. The 2011 Plan terminated in accordance with its terms on August 31, 2021 and no new awards will be issued under the 2011 Plan. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 regarding the shares of our common stock to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options or available for issuance under equity compensation plans and other compensation arrangements that were (i) adopted by our security holders and (ii) were not approved by our security holders. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options (a) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options (b) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column a) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 351,586 (1) 16,599.63 48,605,503 (2) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 1 (3) 146,450,902.50 Total 351,587 17,016.13 48,605,503 
 (1) Represents 57 shares of common stock that may be issued pursuant to outstanding stock options granted under the 2011 Plan and 351,529 shares of common stock that may be issued pursuant to outstanding stock options granted under the 2018 Plan. 
 (2) Represents 0 shares of common stock available for future issuance in connection with equity award grants under the 2011 Plan and 48,605,503 shares of common stock available for future issuance in connection with equity award grants under the 2018 Plan. 
 (3) Represents shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options granted to Nadir Ali on August 14, 2013 outside of the 2011 Plan and the 2018 Plan. 
 Director Compensation 
 The following table provides certain summary information concerning compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our Directors in the year ended December 31, 2022 except Nadir Ali and Wendy Loundermon, whose aggregate compensation information has been disclosed above. 
 Name Fees Earned or paid in cash ) Stock awards ) Option awards ) (1) Non-equity Incentive plan compensation ) Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings ) All other compensation ) Total ) Leonard Oppenheim 56,500 7,409 63,909 Kareem Irfan 173,500 7,409 180,909 Tanveer Khader 47,500 7,409 54,909 
 (1) The fair value of the director option grants are estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with key weighted average assumptions, expected stock volatility and risk free interest rates based on US Treasury rates from the applicable periods. 
 Directors are entitled to reimbursement of ordinary and reasonable expenses incurred in exercising their responsibilities and duties as a director. 
 Effective July 1, 2015, the Board approved the following compensation plan for the independent directors payable in accordance with each independent director s services agreement: 30,000 per year for their services rendered on the Board, 15,000 per year for service as the audit committee chair, 10,000 per year for service as the compensation committee chair, 6,000 per year for service on the audit committee, 4,000 per year for service on the compensation committee, 2,500 per year for service on the nominating committee, a one-time non-qualified stock option grant to purchase 20,000 shares (on a pre- 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 Reverse Splits basis) of the Company s common stock under the 2011 Plan and restricted stock awards of 20,000 shares (on a pre-Reverse Splits basis) of common stock under the 2011 Plan, which are granted in four equal installments on a quarterly basis and are each 100 vested upon grant. 
 On January 25, 2019, each independent director entered into an amendment to his respective director services agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to grant each independent director, so long as such director continues to fulfill his duties and provide services pursuant to their services agreement, an annual non-qualified stock option to purchase up to 20,000 shares of common stock in lieu of the above-mentioned equity awards. Each stock option grant will be subject to the approval of the Board, which shall determine the appropriate vesting schedule, if any, and the exercise price. 
 
 On May 16, 2022, Mr. Irfan's Director Services Agreement (as amended, the "Amended Director Services Agreement") was amended to increase his quarterly compensation by an additional 10,000 per month as consideration for the additional time and efforts dedicated to the Company and management in support of the evaluation of strategic relationships and growth initiatives. The Amended Director Services Agreement supersedes and replaces all prior agreements by and between the Company and Mr. Irfan. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Board of Directors awarded each independent director an aggregate of 534 non-qualified stock options. The independent directors did not receive any restricted stock awards during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The following table sets forth certain information as of March 26, 2023, regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock by the following persons: 
 our Named Executive Officers; 
 each director; 
 all of our executive officers and directors as a group; and 
 each person or entity who, to our knowledge, owns more than 5 of our common stock. 
 Except as indicated in the footnotes to the following table, subject to applicable community property laws, each stockholder named in the table has sole voting and investment power. Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each stockholder listed is c/o Inpixon, 2479 E. Bayshore Road, Suite 195, Palo Alto, California 94303. Shares of common stock subject to options, warrants, or other rights currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of March 26, 2023, are deemed to be beneficially owned and outstanding for computing the share ownership and percentage of the stockholder holding the options, warrants or other rights, but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other stockholder. The information provided in the following table is based on our records, information filed with the SEC, and information furnished by our stockholders. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 Name of Beneficial Owner Amount and nature of beneficial ownership Percent of Class(1) Named Executive Officers and Directors Nadir Ali 66,193 (2) Leonard Oppenheim 2,680 (3) Kareem Irfan 2,679 (4) Tanveer Khader 2,680 (5) Soumya Das 29,896 (6) Wendy Loundermon 33,128 (7) All executive officers and directors as a group (6 persons) 137,256 (8) 
 Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1 . 
 (1) Based on 16,478,252 shares outstanding as of March 26, 2023. 
 (2) Includes (i) 13,649 shares of common stock held of record by Nadir Ali, (ii) 52,542 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of March 26, 2023, (iii) 1 share of common stock held of record by Lubna Qureishi, Mr. Ali s wife, and (iv) 1 share of common stock held of record by the Qureishi Ali Grandchildren Trust, of which Mr. Ali is the joint-trustee (with his wife Lubna Qureishi) of the Qureishi Ali Grandchildren Trust and has shared voting and investment control over the shares held. Excludes an additional 7,768 shares of common stock underlying options that are not exercisable within 60 days of March 26, 2023. 
 (3) Includes (i) 2 shares of common stock held of record by Mr. Oppenheim, and (ii) 2,678 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of March 26, 2023. 
 (4) Includes (i) 1 share of common stock held of record by Mr. Irfan and (ii) 2,678 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of March 26, 2023. 
 (5) Includes (i) 1 share of common stock owned directly by SyHolding Corp., (ii) 1 share of common stock held of record by Mr. Khader and (iii) 2,678 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of March 26, 2023. Tanveer Khader holds the power to vote and dispose of the SyHolding Corp. shares. 
 (6) Includes (i) 4,803 shares of common stock held of record by Mr. Das, (ii) 25,093 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of March 26, 2023. Excludes an additional 3,095 shares of common stock underlying options that are not exercisable within 60 days of March 26, 2023. 
 (7) Includes (i) 6,790 shares of common stock held of record by Ms. Loundermon and (ii) 26,338 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of March 26, 2023. Excludes an additional 3,884 shares of common stock underlying options that are not exercisable within 60 days of March 26, 2023. 
 (8) Includes (i) 25,247 shares of common stock held directly, or by spouse or relative, (ii) 2 shares of common stock held of record by entities, and (iii) 112,007 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of March 26, 2023. 

ITEM 13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons. 
 The Board reviews issues involving potential conflicts of interest, and reviews and approves all related party transactions, including those required to be disclosed as a related party transaction under applicable federal securities laws. The Board has not adopted any specific procedures for conducting reviews of potential conflicts of interest and considers each transaction in light of the specific facts and circumstances presented. However, to the extent a potential related party transaction is presented to the Board, the Company expects that the Board would become fully informed regarding the potential transaction 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 and the interests of the related party, and would have the opportunity to deliberate outside of the presence of the related party. The Company expects that the Board would only approve a related party transaction that was in the best interests of the Company, and further would seek to ensure that any completed related party transaction was on terms no less favorable to the Company than could be obtained in a transaction with an unaffiliated third party. Other than as described below, no transaction requiring disclosure under applicable federal securities laws occurred during fiscal year 2022 that was submitted to the Board for approval as a related party transaction. 
 Related Party Transactions 
 SEC regulations define the related person transactions that require disclosure to include any transaction, arrangement or relationship in which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years in which we were or are to be a participant and in which a related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. A related person is: (i) an executive officer, director or director nominee, (ii) a beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock, (iii) an immediate family member of an executive officer, director or director nominee or beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock, or (iv) any entity that is owned or controlled by any of the foregoing persons or in which any of the foregoing persons has a substantial ownership interest or control. 
 For the period from January 1, 2021, through the date of this report (the Reporting Period ), described below are certain transactions or series of transactions between us and certain related persons. 
 
 Sysorex Transactions 
 
 Sysorex Revolving Loan 
 
 On December 31, 2018, the Company and Sysorex entered into a note purchase agreement (the Note Purchase Agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase from Sysorex at a purchase price equal to the Loan Amount (as defined below), a secured promissory note (the Secured Note for up to an aggregate principal amount of 3 million (the Principal Amount ), including any amounts advanced through the date of the Secured Note (the Prior Advances ), to be borrowed and disbursed in increments (such borrowed amount, together with the Prior Advances, collectively referred to as the Loan Amount ), with interest to accrue at a rate of 10 percent per annum on all such Loan Amounts, beginning as of the date of disbursement with respect to any portion of such Loan Amount. In addition, Sysorex agreed to pay 20,000 to the Company to cover the Company s legal fees, accounting costs, due diligence, monitoring and other transaction costs incurred in connection with the purchase and sale of the Secured Note (the Transaction Expense Amount ), all of which amount is included in the Principal Amount. Sysorex may borrow repay and borrow under the Secured Note, as needed, for a total outstanding balance, exclusive of any unpaid accrued interest, not to exceed the Principal Amount at any one time. 
 
 All sums advanced by the Company to the Maturity Date (as defined below) pursuant to the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement will become part of the aggregate Loan Amount underlying the Secured Note. All outstanding principal amounts and accrued unpaid interest owing under the Secured Note shall become immediately due and payable on the earlier to occur of (i) 24 month anniversary of the date the Secured Note is issued (the Maturity Date ), (ii) at such date when declared due and payable by the Company upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Secured Note), or (iii) at any such earlier date as set forth in the Secured Note. All accrued unpaid interest shall be payable in cash. On February 4, 2019, the Secured Note was amended to increase the maximum principal amount that may be outstanding at any time under the Secured Note from 3 million to 5 million. On April 2, 2019, the Secured Note was amended to increase the maximum principal amount that may be outstanding at any time under the Secured Note from 5 million to 8 million. On May 22, 2019, the Secured Note was amended to increase the maximum principal amount that may be outstanding at any time under the Secured Note from 8 million to 10 million. The largest aggregate principal amount owed by Sysorex to the Company during the Reporting Period was approximately 10 million, the amount of principal paid during the Reporting Period was approximately 1.8 million and the interest paid during the Reporting Period was 0. The amount owed by Sysorex to the Company as of December 31, 2021 was approximately 7.7 million. These amounts exclude 275,000 of additional interest that the Company is contractually entitled to accrue from October 1, 2019 through December 31, 2019 and approximately 1.1 million of additional interest from January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020 in accordance with the terms of the Sysorex Note, but did not accrue due to the uncertainty of repayment. The Secured Note has been classified as held for sale and the Company, with the assistance of a third-party valuation firm, estimated the fair value of such using Sysorex financial projections, a discounted cash flow model and a 12.3 discount rate. As a result, the Company established a full valuation allowance as of December 31, 2021. We are required to periodically re-evaluate the carrying value of the note and the related valuation allowance based on various factors, including, but not limited to, Sysorex s performance and collectability of the note. Sysorex s performance 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 against those financial projections will directly impact future assessments of the fair value of the note. On March 1, 2020, the Company amended the Secured Note to extend the maturity date of the Secured Note to December 31, 2022, to increase the default interest rate from 18 to 21 or the maximum rate allowable by law and to require a cash payment to the Company by Sysorex against the Loan Amount in an amount equal to no less than 6 of the aggregate gross proceeds raised following the completion of any financing, or series of related financings, in which Sysorex raised aggregate gross proceeds of at least 5 million. 
 
 Sysorex Receivable 
 
 On February 20, 2019, the Company, Sysorex and Atlas Technology Group, LLC Atlas entered into a settlement agreement resulting in a net award of 941,796 whereby Atlas agreed to accept an aggregate of 16,655 shares of freely-tradable common stock of the Company in full satisfaction of the award (the "Atlas Settlement Agreement"). The Company and Sysorex each agreed pursuant to the terms and conditions of that certain Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated August 7, 2018, as amended, that 50 of the costs and liabilities related to the arbitration action would be shared by each party following the Spin-off. As a result, Sysorex owed the Company 0.6 million as of December 31, 2020 for the settlement plus the interest accrued during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 of 0.1 million. 
 
 Sysorex Settlement 
 
 On April 14, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Settlement Agreement (the SSA and a Rights Letter Agreement (the RLA ), each with Sysorex, whereby Sysorex agreed to satisfy in full its outstanding debt, in the aggregate amount of 9.1 million as of March 31, 2021, owed to us under that certain secured promissory note, originally dated December 31, 2018, as amended from time to time, and in connection with the Atlas Debt Settlement. To effect the Debt Settlement, Sysorex agreed to issue to us (i) pursuant to the terms of the SSA, 12,972,189 shares of its common stock, 0.00001 par value per share, and (ii) rights to acquire 3,000,000 additional shares of its common stock pursuant to the terms of the RLA. The Debt Settlement was entered into in connection with Sysorex s closing of a reverse triangular merger with TTM Digital Assets Technologies, Inc. 
 
 In connection with the Debt Settlement, the Company also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2021 (the RRA ), with Sysorex and certain other shareholders of Sysorex (the Holders ). Pursuant to the terms of the RRA, Sysorex was required, subject to certain limitations, to register the resale of the shares of common stock held by the Company, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), 90 days following April 14, 2021. 
 
 Also, under the RRA, if Sysorex determines to prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement relating to an offering of any of its equity securities, for its own account or the account of others, then the Company will have the right, subject to certain limitations, to require Sysorex to include in such registration statement all or any part of the shares of common stock held by it. 
 
 Nadir Ali, Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board, was a member of the board of directors of Sysorex until his resignation on May 14, 2021. Nadir Ali entered into a consulting agreement with Sysorex, pursuant to which he agreed to provide certain business services specified in the agreement for the benefit of Sysorex in exchange for shares of Sysorex s common stock. The consulting agreement was terminated on October 14, 2021. 
 
 Systat License Acquisition 
 On June 30, 2020 (the "Closing Date"), pursuant to the terms and conditions of that certain Exclusive Software License and Distribution Agreement, dated as of on June 19, 2020, with an effective date of June 1, 2020 (as amended, the License Agreement ), with Cranes Software International Ltd., a company organized under the laws of India Cranes and Systat Software, Inc., a Delaware corporation Systat, and together with Cranes, the Systat Parties ). In accordance with the terms of the License Agreement, on June 30, 2020 (the License Closing Date ), we acquired (a) an exclusive, worldwide license to use, modify, develop market and distribute certain software, software source, user documentation and related Systat intellectual property, and (b) an exclusive, worldwide sub-license to use, modify, develop, market and distribute software, software source, user documentation and related intellectual property license to Systat by Cranes (collectively, the "Licenses"). In exchange for the Licenses, we paid 2.2 million in cash and we partitioned a portion of the outstanding balance of the Sysorex Note into a new note in an amount equal to 3 million in principal plus accrued interest (the Closing Note and assigned the Closing Note and all rights and obligations thereunder to Systat in accordance with the terms and conditions of that 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 certain Promissory Note Assignment and Assumption Agreement. Pursuant to the License Agreement, we partitioned and assigned to Systat an additional 3.3 million of the principal balance underlying the Sysorex Note as follows: (i) 1.3 million on the three month anniversary of the Closing Date, (ii) 1.0 million on the six month anniversary of the Closing Date and (iii) 1.0 million on March 19, 2021. 
 In addition, in connection with an amendment to License Agreement dated February 22, 2021, we exercised our option to purchase a portion of the underlying assets of the Sysorex Note, including certain software, trademarks, solutions, domain names and websites from Systat in exchange for 900,000 in cash consideration. 
 
 Systat License Agreement 
 
 Nadir Ali, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board, is a related party in connection with the acquisition of the Licenses as a result of his service as a director of Sysorex, the issuer of the Sysorex Note that was assigned in accordance with the terms and conditions of the License Agreement. In addition, Tanveer Khader and Kareem Irfan, members of our Board, are also related parties in connection with the acquisition of the Licenses as a result of their respective employment relationships with the Systat Parties. 
 
 Subscription of Units of, and Loan to, Cardinal Venture Holdings 
 
 On September 30, 2020, we entered into a Subscription Agreement (the Subscription Agreement with Cardinal Venture Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company CVH ), pursuant to which we agreed to (i) contribute up to 1,800,000 (the Contribution to CVH and (ii) purchase up to 599,999 Class A Units of CVH (the Class A Units and up to 1,800,000 Class B Units of CVH (the Class B Units, and, together with the Class A Units, the Units ). The aggregate purchase price of 1,800,000 for the Units is deemed to be satisfied in part through the Contribution. The Contribution was used by CVH to fund the Sponsor s purchase of securities in the KINS. 
 
 CVH owns certain interests in KINS Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the sponsor entity (the Sponsor to KINS Technology Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation and publicly traded former special purpose acquisition company ("KINS") with which the Company entered into the Business Combination. 
 
 Concurrently with our entry into the Subscription Agreement, we entered into the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of CVH (the LLC Agreement ), dated as of September 30, 2020. Under the terms of the LLC Agreement, in the event the Managing Member can no longer manage CVH s affairs due to his death, disability or incapacity, 3AM will serve as CVH s replacement Managing Member. Except as may be required by law, we, as a non-managing member under the LLC Agreement, do not have any voting rights and generally cannot take part in the management or control of CVH s business and affairs. 
 
 On December 16, 2020, the Company entered into a second subscription agreement with CVH, pursuant to which the Company agreed to (i) contribute 700,000 (the "Additional Contribution") to CVH and (ii) purchase 700,000 Class B Units. The aggregate purchase price of 700,000 for the Class B Units is deemed to be satisfied through the Additional Contribution. Following the closing of the Additional Contribution, the Company owned an aggregate of 599,999 Class A Units and 2,500,000 Class B Units. 
 
 Additionally, on July 1, 2022, we loaned 150,000 to CVH. The loan bears no interest and is due and payable in full on the earlier of (i) the date by which KINS has to complete a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (a "business combination"), and (ii) immediately prior to the date of consummation of the Business Combination of KINS, unless accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default. As a result of the closing of the Business Combination, the loan was repaid on March 15, 2023. 
 
 On February 27, 2023, the Company entered into Limited Liability Company Unit Transfer and Joinder Agreements with certain of the Company s employees (the Transferees ), pursuant to which (i) the Company transferred all of its Class A Units of CVH (the Class A Units ), an aggregate of 599,999 Class A Units, to the Transferees as bonus consideration in connection with each Transferee s services performed for and on behalf of the Company as an employee, as applicable, and (ii) 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 each Transferee became a member of CVH and a party to the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of CVH, dated as of September 30, 2020. 
 
 Nadir Ali, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and a director, beneficially owns membership interest in CVH through 3AM LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a founding member of CVH ("3AM"), which may, in certain circumstances, be entitled to manage the affairs of CVH. Mr. Ali's relationship may create conflict of interest between Mr. Ali's obligation to our company and its shareholders and his economic interests and possible fiduciary obligation in CVH through 3AM. For example, Mr. Ali may be in a position to influence or manage the affairs of CVH in a manner that may be viewed as contrary to the best interest of either the Company or CVH and their respective stakeholders. 
 
 Enterprise Apps Spin-off and Business Combination 
 
 On September 25, 2022, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") by and among Inpixon, KINS Technology Group Inc., a Delaware corporation (renamed CXApp Inc., "KINS" or "New CXApp"), CXApp Holding Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of New CXApp (formerly a wholly-owned subsidiary of Inpixon, "CXApp"), and KINS Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of KINS ("Merger Sub"), pursuant to which KINS would acquire Inpixon's enterprise apps business (including its workplace experience technologies, indoor mapping, events platform, augmented reality and related business solutions) (the "Enterprise Apps Business") through the merger of Merger Sub with and into CXApp (the Merger ), with CXApp continuing as the surviving company and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of KINS, in exchange for the issuance of shares of KINS capital stock valued at 69 million (the "Business Combination"). Immediately prior to the Merger and pursuant to a Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2022, among KINS, Inpixon, CXApp and Design Reactor, Inc., a California corporation ("Design Reactor") (the "Separation Agreement"), and other ancillary conveyance documents, Inpixon would, among other things and on the terms and subject to the conditions of the Separation Agreement, transfer the Enterprise Apps Business, including certain related subsidiaries of Inpixon, including Design Reactor, to CXApp (the "Reorganization"). Following the Reorganization, Inpixon would distribute 100 of the common stock of CXApp, par value 0.00001, to certain holders of Inpixon securities as of the record date of March 6, 2023 (the "Enterprise Apps Spin-Off"). The Merger closed on March 14, 2023. See Recent Events - Enterprise Apps Spin-off and Business Combination under Part II, Item 7 herein for more details. 
 
 Effective as of the closing of the Merger, Design Reactor, entered into a consulting agreement with 3AM, pursuant to which Mr. Ali will provide advisory services following the closing of the Business Combination in exchange for 180,000 in consulting fees. 

ITEM 14: PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Set forth below are approximate fees billed and accrued for services rendered by Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 2022 2021 Audit Fees(1) 289,410 332,039 Audit Related Fees 542,693 174,343 Tax Fees All Other Fees 
 (1) Audit fees represent fees for professional services provided in connection with the audit of our Company's 2022 and 2021 annual consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and review of our quarterly financial statements included in the Company's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and audit services provided in connection with other statutory or regulatory filings. 
 Audit Fees . The Audit Fees are the aggregate fees of Marcum attributable to professional services rendered in 2022 and 2021 for the audit of our annual financial statements in our annual reports on Form 10-K, for review of financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or for services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for that fiscal year. These fees include fees billed for professional services rendered by 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 Marcum for the review of registration statements or services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years. 
 Audit-Related Fees . Marcum billed us for professional services that were reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements for fiscal years ended 2022 and 2021, which are not included under Audit Fees above including the filing of our registration statements, including our Registration Statement on Form S-3. This amount also includes audit fees related to acquisitions. 
 Tax Fees . Marcum did not perform any tax advice or planning services in 2022 or 2021. 
 All Other Fees . Marcum did not perform any services for us or charge any fees other than the services described above in 2022 and 2021. 
 Pre-approval Policies and Procedures 
 The Audit Committee is required to review and approve in advance the retention of the independent auditors for the performance of all audit and lawfully permitted non-audit services and the fees for such services. The Audit Committee may delegate to one or more of its members the authority to grant pre-approvals for the performance of certain non-audit services, and any such Audit Committee member who pre-approves a non-audit service must report the pre-approval to the full Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. The Audit Committee is required to periodically notify the Board of their approvals. The required pre-approval policies and procedures were complied with during 2022. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 15(a)(1) Financial Statements 
 The financial statements filed as part of this report are listed and indexed in the table of contents. Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information has been included elsewhere in this report. 
 15(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 Not applicable. 
 15(a)(3) Exhibits 
 The exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed in the Exhibit Index immediately preceding the exhibits. The Company has identified in the Exhibit Index each management contract and compensation plan filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K in response to Item 15(a)(3) of Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 
 Not applicable. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 INPIXON Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Nadir Ali Nadir Chief Executive Officer 
 Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Nadir Ali and Wendy Loundermon, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Nadir Ali Chief Executive Officer and Director April 17, 2023 Nadir Ali (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Wendy Loundermon Chief Financial Officer and Director April 17, 2023 Wendy Loundermon (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Leonard A. Oppenheim Director April 17, 2023 Leonard A. Oppenheim /s/ Kareem Irfan Director April 17, 2023 Kareem Irfan /s/ Tanveer Khader Director April 17, 2023 Tanveer Khader 
 
 104 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated August 31, 2013 by and among Sysorex Global Holdings Corp., Sysorex Merger Sub, Inc., Shoom, Inc. and the Shareholder Representative. 
 S-1 333-191648 
 2.4 October 9, 2013 
 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of December 20, 2013, by and among Sysorex Global Holdings Corp., AirPatrol Corporation, AirPatrol Acquisition Corp. I, AirPatrol Acquisition Corp. II, and Shareholders Representative Services LLC. 
 S-1/A 333-191648 
 2.6 January 21, 2014 
 2.3 Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger dated February 28, 2014 with AirPatrol Corporation. 
 S-1/A 333-191648 
 2.7 March 13, 2014 
 2.4 Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger dated April 18, 2014 with AirPatrol Corporation. 
 8-K 001-36404 
 2.8 April 24, 2014 
 2.5 Waiver and Amendment No. 3 to Agreement and Plan of Merger dated May 30, 2014 with AirPatrol Corporation. 
 S-1 333-198502 
 12.9 August 29, 2014 2.6 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 24, 2015, between Sysorex Global Holdings Corp., LightMiner Systems, Inc. and Chris Baskett. 
 8-K 001-36404 
 2.1 April 30, 2015 
 2.7 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated August 7, 2018 between Inpixon and Sysorex, Inc. 
 10-Q 001-36404 
 2.1 August 13, 2018 
 2.8 Amendment No. 1 to Separation and Distribution Agreement dated August 31, 2018 between Inpixon and Sysorex, Inc. 
 8-K 001-36404 
 10.5 September 4, 2018 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 2.9 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated May 21, 2019, by and among Inpixon, Inpixon Canada, Inc., Locality Systems Inc., Kirk Moir, in his capacity as the Sellers Representative, the Sellers and Garibaldi Capital Advisors Ltd. 
 8-K 001-36404 2.1 May 22, 2019 
 2.10 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated June 27, 2019, by and between Inpixon and GTX Corp. 
 8-K 001-36404 
 2.1 July 1, 2019 
 2.11 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated July 9, 2019, by and among Inpixon, Inpixon Canada, Inc., Jibestream Inc., the Vendors, and Chris Wiegand, in his capacity as the Vendors Representative. 
 8-K 001-36404 
 2.1 July 11, 2019 
 2.12 
 Amendment to Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2019, by and among Inpixon, Inpixon Canada, Inc., Jibestream Inc., the Vendors, and Chris Wiegand, in his capacity as the Vendors Representative. 
 8-K 001-36404 
 2.1 August 9, 2019 2.13 The Second Amendment to the Share Purchase Agreement, dated August 15, 2019, by and among Inpixon, Inpixon Canada, Inc., Jibestream Inc, and Chris Wiegand, in his capacity as the Vendors representative. 
 8-K 001-36404 
 2.1 August 19, 2019 2.14 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2020, by and among Inpixon, Ten Degrees Inc., Ten Degrees International Limited, mCube International Limited and mCube, Inc. 
 8-K 001-36404 
 2.1 August 20, 2020 
 2.15 Share Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 5, 2020, among Inpixon GmbH, Sensera Limited and Nanotron Technologies GmbH. 
 8-K 001-36404 2.1 October 5, 2020 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 2.16 Amendment to the Share Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2021, among Inpixon GmbH, Sensera Limited and Nanotron Technologies GmbH. 
 8-K 001-36404 2.1 February 26, 2021 2.17 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2021, among Inpixon, Game Your Game, Inc., Rick Clemmer, and Martin Manniche. 
 10-K 001-36404 2.23 March 31, 2021 2.18 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2021, among Inpixon, Design Reactor, Inc., dba The CXApp, the sellers set forth on the signature page thereto and each other person who owns outstanding capital stock of The CXApp and executes a Joinder to Stock Purchase Agreement, and Leon Papkoff, as Sellers Representative 
 8-K 001-36404 2.1 May 6, 2021 2.19 Share Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2021, between Nanotron Technologies GmbH and the Shareholders of IntraNav GmbH. 
 8-K 001-36404 2.1 December 13, 2021 2.20 Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2021, by and between Inpixon and Leon Papkoff, in his capacity as the Sellers Representative. 
 8-K 001-36404 2.1 December 30, 2021 2.21 Second Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2022, by and between Inpixon and Leon Papkoff, in his capacity as Sellers' Representative 
 8-K 001-36404 2.1 March 9, 2022 2.22 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 25, 2022, by and among KINS Technology Group Inc., Inpixon, CXApp Holding Corp. and KINS Merger Sub Inc. 
 8-K 001-36404 2.1 September 26, 2022 2.23 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2022, by and among KINS Technology Group, Inc., Inpixon, CXApp Holding Corp. and Design Reactor Inc. 
 8-K 001-36404 2.2 September 26, 2022 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 2.24 Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2022, by and among KINS Capital LLC, KINS Technology Group Inc., Inpixon and CXApp Holding Corp 
 8-K 001-36404 2.3 September 26, 2022 3.1 Restated Articles of Incorporation. 
 S-1 333-190574 3.1 August 12, 2013 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (Increase Authorized Shares). 
 S-1 333-218173 3.2 May 22, 2017 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (Reverse Split). 
 8-K 001-36404 3.1 April 10, 2014 3.4 Articles of Merger (renamed Sysorex Global). 
 8-K 001-36404 3.1 December 18, 2015 3.5 Articles of Merger (renamed Inpixon). 
 8-K 001-36404 3.1 March 1, 2017 3.6 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (Reverse Split). 
 8-K 001-36404 3.2 March 1, 2017 3.7 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (authorized share increase). 
 8-K 001-36404 3.1 February 5, 2018 3.8 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (Reverse Split). 
 8-K 001-36404 3.1 February 6, 2018 3.9 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (Reverse Split). 
 8-K 001-36404 3.1 November 1, 2018 3.10 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, effective as of January 7, 2020 (Reverse Split). 
 8-K 001-36404 
 3.1 January 7, 2020 
 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 3.11 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation increasing the number of authorized shares of Common Stock from 250,000,000 to 2,000,000,000 filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on November 18, 2021 
 8-K 001-36404 
 3.1 November 19, 2021 
 3.12 Certificate of Change filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on October 4, 2022 (effective as of October 7, 2022) 
 8-K 001-36404 3.1 October 6, 2022 3.13 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation increasing the number of authorized shares of Common Stock from 26,666,667 to 500,000,000 filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on November 29, 2022 
 8-K 001-36404 3.1 December 2, 2022 3.14 Bylaws, as amended. 
 S-1 333-190574 
 3.2 August 12, 2013 
 3.15 Bylaws Amendment 
 8-K 001-36404 
 3.2 September 13, 2021 
 4.1 Specimen Stock Certificate of the Company. 
 S-1 333-190574 4.1 August 12, 2013 
 4.2 Form of Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series 4 Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 8-K 001-36404 
 3.1 April 24, 2018 
 4.3 Certificate of Designation of Series 5 Convertible Preferred Stock, dated as of January 14, 2019. 
 8-K 001-36404 
 3.1 January 15, 2019 4.4 Form of Warrant 
 8-K 001-36404 4.1 April 24, 2018 4.5 Promissory Note, dated as of December 21, 2018 
 8-K 001-36404 4.1 December 31, 2018 4.6 Form of Warrant 
 8-K 001-36404 4.1 January 15, 2019 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 4.7 Form of Warrant Agency Agreement 
 8-K 001-36404 4.2 January 15, 2019 4.8 Promissory Note, dated as of May 3, 2019 
 8-K 001-36404 4.1 May 3, 2019 4.9 Promissory Note, dated as of June 27, 2019. 
 8-K 001-36404 4.1 June 27, 2019 4.10 Form of Series A warrants. 
 8-K 001-36404 4.2 August 14, 2019 4.11 Series 6 Preferred Certificate of Designation, effective as of August 13, 2019. 
 8-K 001-36404 4.1 August 14, 2019 4.12 Promissory Note, dated as of March 18, 2020. 
 8-K 001-36404 4.1 March 20, 2020 4.13 Form of Warrant 
 8-K 001-36404 4.1 September 13, 2021 4.14 Series 7 Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada and effective September 13, 2021 
 8-K 001-36404 3.1 September 15, 2021 4.15 Description of Registrant's Securities 
 X 4.16 Form of Warrant 
 8-K 001-36404 4.1 March 22, 2022 4.17 Series 8 Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada and effective March 22, 2022 
 8-K 001-36404 3.1 March 24, 2022 4.18 Promissory Note, dated as of July 22, 2022 
 8-K 001-36404 4.1 July 22, 2022 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 4.19 Form of Purchase Warrants 
 8-K 001-36404 4.1 October 20, 2022 4.20 Form of Pre-Funded Warrants 
 8-K 001-36404 4.2 October 20, 2022 4.21 Promissory Note, dated as of December 30, 2022 
 8-K 001-36404 4.1 December 30, 2022 10.1+ Amended and Restated 2011 Employee Stock Incentive Plan. 
 S-8 333-195655 10.22 May 2, 2014 10.2+ Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement. 
 8-K 001-36404 10.9 October 27, 2014 10.3+ Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement. 
 8-K 001-36404 10.5 October 27, 2014 10.4+ Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement. 
 8-K 001-36404 10.6 October 27, 2014 10.5+ 2018 Employee Stock Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 S-8 333-234458 99.1 November 1, 2019 10.6+ 2018 Employee Stock Incentive Plan Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement. 
 10-K 001-36404 10.8 March 31, 2021 10.7+ 2018 Employee Stock Incentive Plan Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement. 
 10-K 001-36404 10.7 March 31, 2021 10.8+ 2018 Employee Stock Incentive Plan Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement. 
 10-K 001-36404 10.6 10-K March 31, 2021 10.9+ Director Services Agreement with Leonard A. Oppenheim dated October 21, 2014. 
 8-K 001-36404 10.1 October 27, 2014 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 10.10+ Director Services Agreement with Kareem M. Irfan dated October 21, 2014. 
 8-K 001-36404 10.3 October 27, 2014 10.11+ Director Services Agreement with Tanveer A. Khader dated October 21, 2014. 
 8-K 001-36404 10.4 October 27, 2014 10.12+ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Nadir Ali 
 10-Q 001-36404 10.14 May 15, 2018 10.13+ Employment Agreement, effective as of October 1, 2014, between Wendy Loundermon and the Company. 
 8-K 001-36404 10.8 October 27, 2014 10.14+ Employment Agreement dated November 4, 2016, by and between Sysorex USA and Soumya Das. 
 10-K 001-36404 10.51 April 17, 2017 10.15+ Amendment to Employment Agreement dated August 31, 2018 among Inpixon, Sysorex, Inc. and Soumya Das 
 8-K 001-36404 10.8 September 4, 2018 10.16+ Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to Board of Directors Services Agreement with Leonard A. Oppenheim dated February 4, 2019. 
 10-K 001-36404 10.9 March 28, 2019 10.17+ Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to Board of Directors Services Agreement with Kareem M. Irfan dated February 4, 2019. 
 10-K 001-36404 10.11 March 28, 2019 10.18+ Waiver and Amendment No. 1 to Board of Directors Services Agreement with Tanveer A. Khader dated February 4, 2019. 
 10-K 001-36404 10.13 March 28, 2019 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 10.19 Second Amendment Agreement, dated as of April 2, 2019, between Inpixon and Sysorex, Inc. 
 8-K 001-36404 10.1 April 5, 2019 10.20 Patent Assignment and License-Back Agreement, dated June 27, 2019, by and between Inpixon and GTX Corp. 
 8-K 001-36404 10.1 July 1, 2019 10.21 Patent License Agreement, dated June 27, 2019, by and between Inpixon and Inventergy. 
 8-K 001-36404 10.4 July 1, 2019 10.22 Patent License Agreement, dated June 27, 2019, by and between Inpixon and GTX Corp. 
 8-K 001-36404 10.2 July 1, 2019 10.23 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2020. 
 8-K 001-36404 10.1 March 20, 2020 10.24 Exclusive Software License and Distribution Agreement, dated as of June 19, 2020, by and among Inpixon, Cranes Software International Ltd., and Systat Software, Inc. 
 8-K 001-36404 10.1 June 22, 2020 10.25 Amendment and Waiver to Exclusive Software License Distribution Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2020, by and among Inpixon, Cranes Software International Ltd., and Systat Software, Inc. 
 8-K 001-36404 10.1 July 2, 2020 10.26+ Amendment No. 4 to Inpixon 2018 Employee Stock Incentive Plan. 
 10-Q 001-36404 10.7 August 14, 2020 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 10.27 Form of Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Cardinal Venture Holdings LLC. 
 8-K 001-36404 10.2 October 5, 2020 10.28 Amendment #2 to Promissory Note, dated as of March 17, 2021, by and between Inpixon and Iliad Research and Trading, L.P. 
 8-K 001-36404 10.1 March 19, 2021 10.29 Securities Settlement Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2021, by and between Sysorex, Inc. and Inpixon. 
 8-K 001-36404 10.1 April 14, 2021 10.30 Right to Shares Letter Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2021, by and between Sysorex, Inc. and Inpixon. 
 8-K 001-36404 10.2 April 14, 2021 10.31 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2021 by and among Sysorex, Inc. and the parties to the Securities Subscription Agreement and certain other parties. 
 8-K 001-36404 10.3 April 14, 2021 10.32# Stockholders Agreement, dated as of April 9, 2021, among Inpixon, Game Your Game, Inc. and the Minority Stockholders. 
 8-K 001-36404 10.4 April 14, 2021 10.33 Amendment #3 to Promissory Note, dated as of March 16, 2022, by and between Inpixon and Iliad Research and Trading, L.P. 
 10-K 001-36404 10.40 March 16, 2022 10.34+ Amendment to the Inpixon 2018 Employee Stock Incentive Plan 
 8-K 001-36404 10.1 November 19, 2021 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 10.35 Exchange Agreement, dated January 28, 2022, by and between Inpixon and Warrant Holder 
 8-K 001-36404 10.1 January 28, 2022 10.36 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement 
 8-K 001-36404 10.1 March 22, 2022 10.37 Form of Lock-up Agreement 
 8-K 001-36404 10.2 March 22, 2022 10.38 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2022, between Inpixon and Maxim Group LLC 
 8-K 001-36404 10.1 July 22, 2022 10.39 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2022 
 8-K 001-36404 10.2 July 22, 2022 10.40 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 27, 2022, by and between Inpixon and FOXO Technologies, Inc. 
 10-Q 001-36404 10.1 August 15, 2022 10.41 10 Original Issue Discount Senior Convertible Debenture 
 10-Q 001-36404 10.2 August 15, 2022 10.42 Subsidiary Guarantee 
 10-Q 001-36404 10.3 August 15, 2022 10.43 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement. 
 8-K 001-36404 10.1 October 20, 2022 10.44 Placement Agency Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2022, by and between Inpixon and Maxim Group LLC 
 8-K 001-36404 10.2 October 20, 2022 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 10.45 Amendment to the Inpixon 2018 Employee Stock Incentive Plan 
 8-K 001-36404 10.1 December 2, 2022 10.46 Amendment No. 2 to Board of Directors Services Agreement, dated as of May 16, 2022, between Inpixon and Kareem M. Irfan 
 10-Q 001-36404 10.1 November 14, 2022 10.47 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2022 
 8-K 001-36404 10.1 December 30, 2022 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 X 23.1 Consent of Marcum LLP. 
 X 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on signature page). 
 X 31.1 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 Certification of the Company s Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1## Certification of the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) X 

+ Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan. Exhibits, schedules and similar attachments have been omitted pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K and the registrant undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted exhibits and schedules upon request by the SEC. # Certain confidential portions of this Exhibit were omitted by means of marking such portions with brackets [ ] because the identified confidential portions (i) are not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. ## This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 
 117 

<EX-4.15>
 2
 exhibit415-descriptionofre.htm
 EX-4.15

Document 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Inpixon s class of common stock is registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 
 The following description of our common stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our articles of incorporation, as amended, and our bylaws, as amended, each of which is incorporated herein by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, of which this Exhibit is a part. We encourage you to read our articles of incorporation, our bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes for additional information. 
 
 Authorized and Outstanding Capital Stock 
 
 We have 505,000,000 authorized shares of capital stock, par value 0.001 per share, of which 500,000,000 were shares of common stock and 5,000,000 were shares of blank check preferred stock. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share. In addition, the holders of our common stock will be entitled to receive pro rata dividends, if any, declared by our board of directors out of legally available funds however, the current policy of our board of directors is to retain earnings, if any, for operations and growth. Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets that are legally available for distribution. The holders of our common stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of our common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock, which may be designated solely by action of our board of directors and issued in the future. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Nevada Law and our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 Our articles of incorporation, our bylaws and the Nevada Revised Statutes contain provisions that could delay or make more difficult an acquisition of control of our company not approved by our board of directors, whether by means of a tender offer, open market purchases, proxy contests or otherwise. These provisions have been implemented to enable us to develop our business in a manner that will foster our long-term growth without disruption caused by the threat of a takeover not deemed by our board of directors to be in the best interest of our company and our stockholders. These provisions could have the effect of discouraging third parties from making proposals involving an acquisition or change of control of our company even if such a proposal, if made, might be considered desirable by a majority of our stockholders. These provisions may also have the effect of making it more difficult for third parties to cause the replacement of our current management without the concurrence of our board of directors. 
 
 Set forth below is a description of the provisions contained in our articles of incorporation, bylaws and Nevada Revised Statutes that could impede or delay an acquisition of control of our company that our board of directors has not approved. This description is intended as a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our articles of incorporation and bylaws, forms of each of which are included as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. 
 
 Authorized But Unissued Preferred Stock 
 
 We are currently authorized to issue a total of 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Our articles of incorporation provide that the board of directors may issue preferred stock by resolutions, without any action of the stockholders. In the event of a hostile takeover, the board of directors could potentially use this preferred stock to preserve control. 
 Filling Vacancies 
 
 Our bylaws establish that the board shall be authorized to fill any vacancies on the board arising due to the death, resignation or removal of any director. The board is also authorized to fill vacancies if the stockholders fail to elect the full authorized number of directors to be elected at any annual or special meeting of stockholders. 

Vacancies in the board may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors then in office, even though less than a quorum of the board, or by a sole remaining director. 
 
 Removal of Directors 
 
 The provisions of our bylaws may make it difficult for our stockholders to remove one or more of our directors. Our bylaws provide that the entire board of directors, or any individual director, may be removed from office at any special meeting of stockholders called for such purpose by vote of the holders of two-thirds of the voting power entitling the stockholders to elect directors in place of those to be removed. Furthermore, according to our bylaws, no director may be removed (unless the entire board is removed) when the votes cast against removal or not consenting in writing to such removal would be sufficient to elect such director if voted cumulatively at an election at which the same total number of votes were cast (or, if such action is taken by written consent, all shares entitled to vote, were voted) and the entire number of directors authorized at the time of the directors most recent election were then being elected. Our bylaws also provide that when, by the provisions of our articles of incorporation, the holders of the shares of any class or series voting as a class or series are entitled to elect one or more directors, any director so elected may be removed only by the applicable vote of the holders of the shares of that class or series. 
 
 Board Action Without Meeting 
 
 Our bylaws provide that the board may take action without a meeting if all the members of the board consent to the action in writing. Board action through consent allows the board to make swift decisions, including in the event that a hostile takeover threatens current management. 
 
 No Cumulative Voting 
 
 Our bylaws and articles of incorporation do not provide the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors. This provision means that the holders of a plurality of the shares voting for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Non-cumulative voting makes it more difficult for an insurgent minority stockholder to elect a person to the board of directors. 
 
 Stockholder Proposals 
 
 Except to the extent required under applicable laws, we are not required to include on our proxy card, or describe in our proxy statement, any information relating to any stockholder proposal and disseminated in connection with any meeting of stockholders. 
 
 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 Our articles of incorporation give both the directors and the stockholders the power to adopt, alter or repeal the bylaws of the corporation. Any adoption, alteration, amendment, change or repeal of the bylaws by the stockholders requires an affirmative vote by a majority of the outstanding stock of the company. Any bylaw that has been adopted, amended, or repealed by the stockholders may be amended or repealed by the board, except that the board shall have no power to change the quorum for meetings of stockholders or of the board or to change any provisions of the bylaws with respect to the removal of directors or the filling of vacancies in the board resulting from the removal by the stockholders. Any proposal to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision of our articles of incorporation requires approval by the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of all of the classes of our capital stock entitled to vote on such amendment or repeal, voting together as a single class, at a duly constituted meeting of stockholders called expressly for that purpose. 
 Nevada Statutory Provisions 
 
 We are subject to the provisions of NRS 78.378 to 78.3793, inclusive, an anti-takeover law, which applies to any acquisition of a controlling interest in an issuing corporation. In general, such anti-takeover laws permit the articles of incorporation, bylaws or a resolution adopted by the directors of an issuing corporation (as defined in NRS 78.3788) to impose stricter requirements on the acquisition of a controlling interest in such corporation than the provisions of NRS 78.378 to 78.3793, inclusive, as well as permit the directors of an issuing corporation to take action to protect the interests of the corporation and its stockholders, including, but not limited to, adopting plans, arrangements or other instruments that grant or deny rights, privileges, power or authority to holder(s) of certain percentages of ownership and or voting power. Further, an acquiring person (and those acting in association) only obtains such voting rights in the control shares as are conferred by resolution of the stockholders at either a special meeting requested by the acquiring person, provided it delivers an offeror s statement pursuant to NRS 78.3789 and 

undertakes to pay the expenses thereof, or at the next special or annual meeting of stockholders. In addition, the anti-takeover law generally provides for (i) the redemption by the issuing corporation of not less than all of the control shares (as defined) in accordance with NRS 78.3792, if so provided in the articles of incorporation or bylaws in effect on the 10th day following the acquisition of a controlling interest in an issuing corporation , and (ii) dissenter s rights pursuant to NRS 92A.300 to 92A.500, inclusive, for stockholders that voted against authorizing voting rights for the control shares. 
 
 We are also subject to the provisions of NRS 78.411 to 78.444, inclusive, which generally prohibits a publicly held Nevada corporation from engaging in a combination with an interested stockholder (each as defined) that is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of at least ten percent of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation or is an affiliate or associate of the corporation that previously held such voting power within the past three years, for a period of three years after the date the person first became an interested stockholder , subject to certain exceptions for authorized combinations, as provided therein. 
 
 In accordance with NRS 78.195, our articles of incorporation provide for the authority of the board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock in series by filing a certificate of designation to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in such series and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, subject to limitations prescribed by law. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 
 
 Nasdaq Capital Market Listing 
 
 Our common stock is currently traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol INPX. 
 3 

</EX-4.15>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exhibit211-listofsubsidiar.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

INPIXON 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 Name of Subsidiary State of Jurisdiction of Incorporation Fictitious Name (if any) Inpixon Limited United Kingdom None Inpixon GmbH Germany None Nanotron Technologies GmbH Germany None Sysorex India Limited India None 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit231-marcum20221231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of Inpixon and Subsidiaries Form S-3 File No. 333-256827 Form S-1 File No. 333-233763 Forms S-8 File No. 333-261282 File No. 333-256831 File No. 333-237659 File No. 333-234458 File No. 333-230965 File No. 333-229374 File No. 333-224506 File No. 333-216295 and File No. 333-195655 of our report dated April 17, 2023 with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of Inpixon and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which report appears in the Annual Report on Form 10-K dated April 17, 2023. 

s Marcum llp 
 
 Marcum llp 
 New York, NY 
 April 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit311-inpxx20221231.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Nadir Ali, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inpixon 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including any consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared and 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date April 17, 2023 s Nadir Ali Nadir Ali Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit312-inpxx20221231.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Wendy F. Loundermon, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inpixon 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including any consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared and 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date April 17, 2023 s Wendy F. Loundermon 
 Wendy F. Loundermon Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit321-certification20.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Inpixon (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), we, Nadir Ali, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Wendy F. Loundermon, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of our knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 
 Date April 17, 2023 
 s Nadir Ali 
 Nadir Ali Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) s Wendy F. Loundermon 
 Wendy F. Loundermon Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 inpx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 inpx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 inpx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 inpx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 inpx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

