<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230412_10-K_edgar_data_1852432_0001140361-23-018025.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6325921</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>507585</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>917370</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2065903</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1324101</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1215771</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-018025.hdr.sgml : 20230412
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230412170110
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-018025
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230412
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230412

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp V
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001852432
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40595
		FILM NUMBER:		23816289

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		51 ASTOR PLACE, 10TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-284-2300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		51 ASTOR PLACE, 10TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-018025.txt : 20230412

10-K
 1
 brhc10049513_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO
 SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from to________________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: )

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading 

 Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on 
 which registered 

The Nasdaq Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Y es

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
 preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
 S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging
 growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

Emerging
 growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to
 Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over
 financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If the securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an
 error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers
 during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 (the Class A ordinary shares ), other than shares held by persons who may be
 deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales price for the Class A ordinary shares on June 30, 2022, as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq ), was (based on the Nasdaq closing sales price of the Class A ordinary shares on June 30, 2022 of 9.72).

As of April 12, 2023, Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001, were issued and outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None

EXPLANATORY NOTE

References throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K to we, us, the Company or our company are to ARYA Sciences
 Acquisition Corp V, unless the context otherwise indicates.

This Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report amends the previously issued unaudited condensed financial
 statements as of and for the period ended September 30, 2022 (the Quarterly Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on November 7, 2022.

On August 8, 2022, the Company received a waiver from one of the underwriters of its
 initial public offering (the IPO pursuant to which such underwriter waived all rights to its 50 share (the Waiver of the deferred underwriting commissions (the
 Deferred Commissions ), which were payable upon completion of an initial business combination and deposited into the trust account established in connection with the Company s IPO. In connection with the Waiver, the underwriter also agreed
 that (i) the Waiver is not intended to allocate its 50 portion of the deferred underwriting commissions to the other underwriter that has not waived its right to receive
 its share of the deferred underwriting commissions and (ii) the waived portion of the deferred underwriting commissions can, at the discretion of the Company, be paid to one or more parties or otherwise be used in connection with an initial
 business combination. 

Historically, the Company had recognized a liability upon closing of its IPO in July 2021 for a portion of the Deferred Commissions which was
 contingently payable upon closing of a future business combination, with the offsetting entry resulting in an initial discount to the securities sold in the IPO. In its Quarterly Report, the Company recognized the Waiver as an extinguishment,
 with a resulting non-operating gain recognized in its statement of operations. Upon subsequent review and analysis, management concluded that the Company should have recognized the extinguishment of the contingent liability as a credit to
 shareholders deficit.

Therefore, the Company s management and the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the Audit Committee concluded that the
 financial statements for the Affected Period (as defined below) included in the Quarterly Report should no longer be relied upon and that it is appropriate to restate the financial statements included in the Quarterly Report. As such, the
 Company has decided to restate the financial statements included in the Quarterly Report in this Report.

The change in accounting for the liability extinguishment in connection with the Waiver did not have any impact on the Company s liquidity, cash
 flows, costs of operating in the period included in the Quarterly Report. The change in accounting for the liability extinguishment does not impact the amounts previously reported for the Company s cash, investments held in the trust account,
 operating expenses or total cash flows from operations as of and for the period ended September 30, 2022 (the Affected Period ).

After re-evaluation of the accounting for the liability extinguishment in connection with the Waiver, the
 Company s management has concluded that in light of the error described above, a material weakness existed in the Company s internal control over financial reporting and that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
 during the Affected Period. The Company s remediation plan with respect to such material weakness is described in more detail in Item 9A of Part II to this Report.

Further, in accordance with Rule 12b-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
 Act ), (i) Item 1A, Risk Factors, includes an additional risk factor, (ii) the section Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations described in Item 7 has been updated compared to the section included
 in the Quarterly Report, (iii) Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, includes a footnote to characterize the restatement of the financial results of the Quarterly Report and has been updated to give effect to the change in
 accounting for the Waiver, and (iv) Item 9A, Controls and Procedure, has been revised to with respect to the material weakness for the Affected Period, as described in the previous paragraph. This Report should be read in conjunction with our
 other filings with the SEC subsequent to the Quarterly Report, including the Current Report on Form 8-K that the Company filed on April 11, 2023.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

PART I 

1

Item 1. Business 

1

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

23

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

60 

Item 2. Properties 

60 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

60 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

60 

PART II 

61 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

61

Item 6. [Reserved] 

62 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

62 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

67 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

67 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

67 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

67 

Item 9B. Other Information 

68 

Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

68 

PART III 

69 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

69 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

78 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

79 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

81

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

82 

PART IV 

84 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

84

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

85 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F-1 

i 

Table of Contents 

CERTAIN TERMS

Unless otherwise stated in this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to:

Business Combination are to a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses;

Companies Act are to the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time;

company, we, us, our, or our company are to ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp V, a Cayman Islands exempted company;

founders are to Joseph Edelman, Adam Stone, Michael Altman and Konstantin Poukalov, senior executives of Perceptive Advisors;

founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement prior to our Initial Public Offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the
 Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial Business Combination (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares 

initial shareholders are to our sponsor and each other holder of founder shares upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering;

Initial Public Offering refers to our initial public offering for our Class A ordinary shares;

management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors (including our directors who became directors at the consummation of our Initial Public Offering);

ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares;

Perceptive Advisors are to Perceptive Advisors, LLC, an affiliate of our sponsor;

private placement shares are to the Class A ordinary shares issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering (which private placement shares are identical to the shares sold
 in our Initial Public Offering, subject to certain limited exceptions, as described herein) and upon conversion of working capital loans;

public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided

that our sponsor s and each member of our management team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares;

public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares in our Initial Public Offering (whether they are purchased in our Initial Public Offering or thereafter in the open market); and

sponsor are to ARYA Sciences Holdings V, a Cayman Islands exempted limited company.

ii 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY

Some of the statements contained in this Report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements
 regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances,
 including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would 
 and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking.

The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future
 developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
 to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other
 factors:

we have no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective;

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses;

our ability to complete a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses;

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial Business Combination;

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial Business Combination;

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination or reimburse any working capital loans;

our pool of prospective target businesses;

our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination due to the uncertainty resulting from general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, international currency fluctuations and health epidemics and
 pandemics (including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic), inflation, changes in diplomatic and trade relationships and acts of war or terrorism (such as the military conflict between Ukraine, the Russian Federation and Belarus that started in
 February 2022);

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential Business Combination opportunities;

our ability to obtain additional financing to complete a Business Combination;

our public share s potential liquidity and trading;

iii 

Table of Contents 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance;

our ability to continue as a going concern;

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties;

our financial performance following our Initial Public Offering;

the amount of redemptions by our public shareholders in connection with a proposed Business Combination;

the use of funds not held in the Trust Account (as defined in this Report) or available to us from interest income on the Trust Account balance; and

the other risks and uncertainties discussed in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report.

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements.
 We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.

iv 

Table of Contents 

PART I

Item 1. 

Business

Summary

We are a blank check company incorporated in February 22, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company formed for the purpose of effecting an initial Business Combination. We have generated no operating revenues to date
 and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues until we consummate our initial Business Combination. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities, activities related to our Initial Public Offering as well as
 the search for a prospective Business Combination.

While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business, industry, sector or geographical location, we focus on industries that complement our management team s background, and to capitalize on the ability of
 our management team to identify and acquire a business, focusing on the healthcare or healthcare-related industries. In particular, we are targeting North American or European companies in the life sciences and medical technology sectors where
 our management has extensive investment experience. We may pursue a transaction in which our shareholders immediately prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination would collectively own a minority interest in the post-Business
 Combination company.

Our Founders

Our sponsor is an affiliate of Perceptive Advisors, a leading life sciences focused investment firm with over 9.5 billion of regulatory assets under management as of December 31, 2022. Since its launch in 1999,
 Perceptive Advisors has focused exclusively on the healthcare industry. Our founders are the founder and management of Perceptive Advisors. Joseph Edelman, our Chairman, founded Perceptive Advisors in 1999. Adam Stone, our Chief Executive
 Officer, is the Chief Investment Officer of Perceptive Advisors, Michael Altman, our Chief Financial Officer, is a Managing Director at Perceptive Advisors and Konstantin Poukalov, our Chief Business Officer, is a Managing Director at Perceptive
 Advisors. Perceptive Advisors investment activity is focused on identifying both private and public companies in the life sciences and medical technology sectors and has investments in over 200 companies as of December 31, 2022. The team at
 Perceptive Advisors consists of trained scientists, physicians and financial analysts who are passionately committed to identifying innovation that can drive critical change to current treatment paradigms. Perceptive Advisors invests across the
 capital structure and throughout a company s growth cycle which provides access to a broad universe of management teams and companies seeking flexible capital solutions. Perceptive Advisors is also an active investor in pre-IPO financing rounds
 known as crossovers. Perceptive Advisors has invested in over 130 private companies since 2013 and in 2022 met with over 250 private companies in evaluation of private growth financing rounds, crossovers, and pre-IPO analysis.

Experience with Special Purpose Acquisition Vehicles 

Our management team has previous experience in the execution of public acquisition vehicles. In July 2020, ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp. consummated its initial business combination with Immatics Biotechnologies
 GmbH Immatics ). The ordinary shares of the combined company, Immatics N.V., are traded on Nasdaq under the symbol IMTX. Mr. Stone continues to serve on the supervisory board of Immatics N.V. following the consummation of the business
 combination.

Additionally, in October 2020, ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp II consummated its initial business combination with Cerevel Therapeutics Cerevel ). The ordinary shares of the combined company, Cerevel Therapeutics
 Holdings, Inc., are traded on Nasdaq under the symbol CERE. 

In June 2021, ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp III consummated its initial business combination with Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. Nautilus ). The common stock of the combined company trades on Nasdaq under the symbol
 NAUT. Michael Altman continues to serve on the board of Nautilus.

1 

Table of Contents 

In August 2020, our management team founded ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV, which was formed for substantially similar purposes as our company. In March 2021, ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV completed its
 initial public offering, in which it sold 14,950,000 Class A ordinary shares, for an offering price of 10.00 per share, generating aggregate proceeds of 149,500,000. ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV s Class A ordinary shares are trading on
 Nasdaq under the ticker symbol ARYD. On February 28, 2023, ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders in view of approving an amendment to its amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association to extend the date (the Termination Date by which it has to consummate a Business Combination from March 2, 2023 (the Original Termination Date to June 2, 2023 (the Articles Extension Date and to allow ARYA Sciences
 Acquisition Corp IV, without another shareholder vote, to elect to extend the Termination Date to consummate a Business Combination on a monthly basis for up to nine times by an additional one month each time after the Articles Extension Date, by
 resolution of the ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV s board of directors, if requested by ARYA Sciences Holdings IV, and upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable Termination Date, until March 2, 2024 or a total of up to thirty-six
 months after the Original Termination Date, unless the closing of a Business Combination shall have occurred prior thereto. In connection with the initial three-month extension from the Original Termination Date to the Articles Extension Date
 ARYA Sciences Holdings IV made an initial deposit into the Trust Account of 420,000, in exchange for an unsecured convertible promissory note. In connection with any subsequent optional monthly extensions following the Articles Extension Date,
 ARYA Sciences Holdings IV is expected to make deposits of 140,000 per month into the Trust Account, as provided for in the amendment to ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that was
 adopted on February 28, 2023.

Our founders and our directors and officers, Perceptive Advisors, or its affiliates expect in the future to become affiliated with other public special purpose acquisition companies that may have acquisition
 objectives that are similar to ours. See Risk Factors - Risks Relating to our Sponsor and Management Team - Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to
 other entities, including another blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

The past performance of the members of our management team or their affiliates, including ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp., ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp II, ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp III, ARYA Sciences
 Acquisition Corp IV and Perceptive Advisors, is not a guarantee that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial Business Combination or of success with respect to any Business Combination we may consummate. You should not
 rely on the historical record or the performance of our management team or their affiliates, including ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp., ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp II, ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp III, ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV and
 Perceptive Advisors or any of their affiliates or managed fund s performance as indicative of our future performance.

Industry Opportunity

While we may acquire a business in any industry, our focus will be on the healthcare industry in the United States and other developed countries. We believe the healthcare industry, particularly the life sciences and
 medical technology sectors, represents an enormous and growing target market with a large number of potential target acquisition opportunities. In 2019, total U.S. national health expenditures represented approximately 3.8 trillion. According to
 the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services, in 2018, total U.S. national health expenditures represented approximately 3.6 trillion, accounting for approximately 18 of total U.S. Gross Domestic Product. According to IBISWorld, in November
 2022, the global biotechnology market is expected to grow almost 6.3 to over 440 billion in revenue in 2024.

The Current Life Sciences IPO Market 

We believe that current dynamics in the life sciences and medical technology IPO market may enhance our ability to locate an attractive target. Over 300 life sciences and medical technology companies have gone public
 since 2016 in the United States. According to BiotechGate, in 2022 there were estimated to be approximately 21,000 biotechnology companies globally, only a fraction of which are publicly traded.

2 

Table of Contents 

We also believe that the process for life sciences and medical technology IPO demand generation often produces offerings that are significantly oversubscribed but where a majority of the offering is allocated to the
 top ten investors, some of whom may be existing investors in these companies or are industry specialists. As a result, we believe that there may be numerous investors who have not been able to receive meaningful, or any, allocations in recent
 life sciences and medical technology IPOs who may be interested in a potential target opportunity that we identify.

We believe that life sciences and medical technology companies, at a certain stage in their development, will see material benefits from being publicly-traded, including greater access to capital, more liquid
 securities and increased customer awareness. An acquisition by a special purpose acquisition company with a management team that is well-known to, and respected by, life sciences founders, their current third-party investors and their management
 teams, we believe, can provide a more transparent and efficient mechanism to bring a private healthcare company to the public markets.

Acquisition Strategy

We believe our management team is well positioned to identify unique opportunities in our target sectors. Our selection process leverages our relationships with leading venture capitalists and growth equity funds,
 executives of private and public companies, as well as leading investment banking firms, which we believe should provide us with a key competitive advantage in sourcing potential Business Combination targets. Given our profile and dedicated
 industry approach, we anticipate that target business candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, and in particular investors in other private and public companies in our networks. We also believe that Perceptive
 Advisors reputation, experience and track record of making investments in the healthcare space will make us a preferred partner for these potential targets.

Consistent with our strategy, we have identified the following criteria to evaluate prospective target businesses. We may, however, decide to enter into our initial Business Combination with a target business that
 does not meet these criteria. We intend to seek to acquire companies that we believe:

have a scientific or other competitive advantage in the markets in which they operate and which can benefit from access to additional capital as well as our industry relationships and expertise;

are ready to be public, with strong management, corporate governance and reporting policies in place;

will likely be well received by public investors and are expected to have good access to the public capital markets;

have significant embedded and/or underexploited growth opportunities;

exhibit unrecognized value or other characteristics that we believe have been misevaluated by the market based on our rigorous analysis and scientific and business due diligence review; and

will offer attractive risk-adjusted equity returns for our shareholders.

We are focused on target businesses with valuations of 300 to 500 million or more and that have the potential to be 1 billion or more market capitalization companies. We may use other criteria as well. Any
 evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial Business Combination may be based on these general criteria as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant.

3 

Table of Contents 

Initial Business Combination 

Our initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of
 deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. If our board of directors is not able to
 independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses or we are considering an initial Business Combination with an affiliated entity, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an
 independent valuation or accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. Our shareholders may not be provided with a copy of such opinion nor will they be able to rely on such opinion. While we consider it unlikely that our
 board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or experienced with the target company s business, there is a
 significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis
 or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the
 80 of net assets threshold, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our
 shareholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will include such opinion.

We anticipate structuring our initial Business Combination so that the post- Business Combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the
 target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial Business Combination such that the post- Business Combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet
 certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such Business Combination if the post- Business Combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
 of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Even if the
 post- Business Combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post- Business Combination company,
 depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the Business Combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of
 a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to the completion of our initial Business
 Combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares subsequent to our initial Business Combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired
 by the post-Business Combination company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the Business Combination involves more than one target business,
 the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial Business Combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking shareholder
 approval, as applicable. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial Business Combination without the prior consent of our sponsor.

In addition, our sponsor has indicated an interest to purchase up to an aggregate of 25,000,000 of our ordinary shares in a private placement that would occur concurrently with the consummation of our initial
 Business Combination. However, because indications of interest are not binding agreements or commitments to purchase, our sponsor may determine not to purchase any such shares, or to purchase more or fewer shares than it has indicated an interest
 in purchasing. Furthermore, we are not under any obligation to sell any such shares. If we sell shares to our sponsor (or any other investor) in connection with our initial business combination, the equity interest of investors in our Initial
 Public Offering in the combined company may be diluted and the market prices for our securities may be adversely affected. In addition, if the per share trading price of our ordinary shares is greater than the price per share paid in the private
 placement, the private placement will result in value dilution to you.

Other Considerations

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial Business Combination or subsequent transaction with a company that is affiliated with Perceptive Advisors or our sponsor, founders, officers or directors. In the event
 we seek to complete our initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with Perceptive Advisors, our sponsor or any of our founders, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from
 an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or accounting firm that such initial Business Combination or transaction is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in
 any other context.

4 

Table of Contents 

Affiliates of Perceptive Advisors and members of our board of directors will directly or indirectly own founder shares and private placement shares following our Initial Public Offering and, accordingly, may have a
 conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial Business Combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with
 respect to evaluating a particular Business Combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers or directors were to be included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial Business Combination.

Perceptive Advisors may manage multiple investment vehicles and raise additional funds and/or successor funds in the future, which may be during the period in which we are seeking our initial Business Combination.
 These Perceptive Advisors investment entities may be seeking acquisition opportunities and related financing at any time. We may compete with any one or more of them on any given acquisition opportunity.

Our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking
 an initial Business Combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial Business Combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially
 affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination.

In addition, certain of our founders, officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities, including without limitation, ARYA
 Sciences Acquisition Corp IV and any future special purpose acquisition companies we expect they may be involved in, and investment funds, accounts, co-investment vehicles and other entities managed by affiliates of Perceptive Advisors and
 certain companies in which Perceptive Advisors or such entities have invested. As a result, if any of our founders, officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he, she or it
 has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations (including, without limitation, ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV and any future special purpose acquisition companies we expect they may be involved in and any Perceptive Advisors funds or
 other investment vehicles), then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can
 pursue such opportunity. If these funds or investment entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. In addition, investment ideas generated within or presented to Perceptive Advisors or our founders
 may be suitable for both us and a current or future Perceptive Advisors fund, portfolio company or other investment entity and, subject to applicable fiduciary duties, will first be directed to such fund, portfolio company or other entity before
 being directed, if at all, to us. None of Perceptive Advisors, our founders or any members of our board of directors who are also employed by Perceptive Advisors or its affiliates have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a
 potential Business Combination of which they become aware solely in their capacities as officers or executives of Perceptive Advisors.

However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. In addition, our founders, officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount
 of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential Business Combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. In
 particular, certain of our officers and directors serve as an officer and/or director of ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV, which is a blank check company sponsored by an affiliate of Perceptive Advisors, and in the future we expect they may be
 officers and/or directors of other future special purpose acquisition companies. Moreover, our founders, officers and directors have, and will have in the future, time and attention requirements for current and future investment funds, accounts,
 co-investment vehicles and other entities managed by Perceptive Advisors. To the extent any conflict of interest arises between, on the one hand, us and, on the other hand, investments funds, accounts, co-investment vehicles and other entities
 managed by Perceptive Advisors (including, without limitation, arising as a result of certain of our founders, officers and directors being required to offer acquisition opportunities to such investment funds, accounts, co-investment vehicles and
 other entities), Perceptive Advisors and its affiliates will resolve such conflicts of interest in their sole discretion in accordance with their then-existing fiduciary, contractual and other duties and there can be no assurance that such
 conflict of interest will be resolved in our favor.

5 

Table of Contents 

Unlike other initial public offerings of special purpose acquisition companies, investors in our Initial Public Offering will not receive warrants that would become exercisable following completion of our initial
 Business Combination.

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure makes us an attractive Business Combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering
 through a merger or other Business Combination with us. In a Business Combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock, shares or other equity interests in the target business for
 our Class A ordinary shares (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses will find
 this method a more expeditious and cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical Business
 Combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a Business Combination
 with us.

Furthermore, once a proposed Business Combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete
 the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an
 additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among
 potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees.

While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an
 operating history and our ability to seek shareholder approval of any proposed initial Business Combination, negatively.

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As
 such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply
 with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions
 from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may
 be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with
 new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits
 of this extended transition period.

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we have total
 annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June
 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act.

6 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other
 things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250
 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June
 30.

Financial Position

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 149,000,000 available to consummate an initial Business Combination after payment of 2,616,250 of deferred underwriting fees. With these funds available for a Business
 Combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt
 ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial Business Combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the
 consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us.

Effectuating Our Initial Business Combination 

General

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following our Initial Public Offering. We intend to effectuate our initial Business Combination using cash
 from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering, the sale of the private placements shares, our equity, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial Business Combination. We may seek to complete our initial
 Business Combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses.

If our initial Business Combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial Business
 Combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the
 post-Business Combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial Business Combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.

We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account, or because we
 become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. There are no
 prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial Business Combination. We are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds
 through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise.

Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target
 business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business.

7 

Table of Contents 

Sources of Target Businesses 

Our process of identifying acquisition targets leverages Perceptive Advisors and our management team s unique industry experiences, proven deal sourcing capabilities and broad and deep network of relationships in
 numerous industries, including executives and management teams, private equity groups and other institutional investors, large business enterprises, lenders, investment bankers and other investment market participants, restructuring advisers,
 consultants, attorneys and accountants, which we believe should provide us with a number of Business Combination opportunities. The collective experience, capability and network of Perceptive Advisors, our founders, directors and officers,
 combined with their individual and collective reputations in the investment community, helps to create prospective Business Combination opportunities.

In addition, target business candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and private investment funds. Target businesses may be brought to our attention
 by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources
 will have read this Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates of which they become aware through their business
 contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions.

While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in
 the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines
 that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue.
 Payment of a finder s fee is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors,
 or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation by the company prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial Business Combination
 (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). None of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective
 Business Combination target in connection with a contemplated acquisition of such target by us. We have agreed to pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our sponsor
 for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial Business Combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-Business Combination company
 following our initial Business Combination.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial Business Combination or subsequent transaction with a company that is affiliated with Perceptive Advisors or our sponsor, founders, officers or directors. In the event
 we seek to complete our initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with Perceptive Advisors, our sponsor or any of our founders, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from
 an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or accounting firm that such initial Business Combination or transaction is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in
 any other context.

Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including any future special purpose acquisition companies
 we expect they may be involved in and entities that are affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers
 or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to
 present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law.

8 

Table of Contents 

Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination

In evaluating a prospective target business, we conduct a thorough due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of
 customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to
 structure and negotiate the terms of the Business Combination transaction.

The time required to identify and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial Business Combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree
 of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial Business Combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses
 and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another Business Combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with
 our initial Business Combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial Business Combination without the prior consent of our sponsor.

Lack of Business Diversification

For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial Business Combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that
 have the resources to complete Business Combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business.
 By completing our initial Business Combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may:

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial
 Business Combination; and

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services.

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although we closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial Business Combination with that business, our assessment of the target
 business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if
 any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial Business
 Combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial Business Combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs
 subsequent to our initial Business Combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business.

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the
 combined company will be made at the time of our initial Business Combination.

Following a Business Combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional
 managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management.

9 

Table of Contents 

Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination 

We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek
 shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons.

Under Nasdaq s listing rules, shareholder approval would be required for our initial Business Combination if, for example:

we issue (other than in a public offering for cash) ordinary shares that will either (a) be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of ordinary shares then issued and outstanding or (b) have voting
 power equal to or in excess of 20 of the voting power then issued and outstanding;

any of our directors, officers or substantial shareholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly,
 in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more; or

the issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control.

The Companies Act and Cayman Islands law do not currently require, and we are not aware of any other applicable law that will require, shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination.

The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion,
 and will be based on business and legal reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to:

the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would
 place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company;

the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote;

the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed Business Combination;

other time and budget constraints of the company; and

additional legal complexities of a proposed Business Combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders.

Permitted Purchases of Our Securities and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors,
 officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares in privately-negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of
 public shares our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or
 intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public
 information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules
 under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers
 will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the trust account will
 be used to purchase public shares in such transactions prior to completion of our initial business combination. It is intended that, if Rule 10b-18 would apply to purchases by our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates,
 then such purchases will comply with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, to the extent it applies, which provides a safe harbor for purchases made under certain conditions, including with respect to timing, pricing and volume of purchases.

10 

Table of Contents 

We expect to require insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing our securities during certain blackout periods when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) clear all trades of company
 securities with a compliance officer prior to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon several factors, including but not limited to, the
 timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary.

The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial
 business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition,
 if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or
 trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or any of their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately-negotiated
 purchases by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests tendered by shareholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our
 sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the
 trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination. Such persons would select the shareholders from whom to acquire shares
 based on the number of shares available, the negotiated price per share and such other factors as any such person may deem relevant at the time of purchase. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per
 share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply
 with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws.

Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their respective affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to
 be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the
 safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their respective affiliates will not make purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a) (2) or Rule 10b-5
 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. Additionally, in the event our sponsor,
 directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates were to purchase public shares from public shareholders, such purchases would be structured in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act including, in pertinent part,
 through adherence to the following:

our registration statement/proxy statement filed for our business combination transaction would disclose the possibility that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase shares from public
 shareholders outside the redemption process, along with the purpose of such purchases;

11 

Table of Contents 

if our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates were to purchase shares from public shareholders, they would do so at a price no higher than the price offered through our redemption process;

our registration statement/proxy statement filed for our business combination transaction would include a representation that any of our securities purchased by our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates
 would not be voted in favor of approving the business combination transaction;

our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates would not possess any redemption rights with respect to our securities or, if they do acquire and possess redemption rights, they would waive such rights; and

we would disclose in a Form 8-K, before our security holder meeting to approve the business combination transaction, the following material items:

the amount of our securities purchased outside of the redemption offer by our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates, along with the purchase price;

the purpose of the purchases by our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates;

the impact, if any, of the purchases by our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates on the likelihood that the business combination transaction will be approved;

the identities of our security holders who sold to our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates (if not purchased on the open market) or the nature of our security holders (e.g., 5 security holders)
 who sold to our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates; and

the number of our securities for which we have received redemption requests pursuant to our redemption offer.

Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial Business Combination at a per-share price, payable in cash,
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not
 previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public
 share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to Jefferies LLC, one of the underwriters of our Initial Public Offering (the
 Underwriter ). The redemption rights may include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a public shareholder has
 properly elected to redeem its shares, if a Business Combination does not close. Our sponsor and our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their
 founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares purchased during or after our Initial Public Offering in connection with (i) the completion of our initial Business Combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to
 our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our
 initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the
 rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares.

12 

Table of Contents 

Limitations on Redemptions

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we
 do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However, the proposed Business Combination may require (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or
 other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed Business Combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class
 A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete
 the Business Combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof.

Manner of Conducting Redemptions

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial Business Combination either (i) in connection with a
 shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us,
 solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing
 requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder
 approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rule or we choose to
 conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons.

If we held a shareholder vote to approve our initial Business Combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association:

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules;
 and

file proxy materials with the SEC.

If we hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial Business Combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association:

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules;
 and

file proxy materials with the SEC.

In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights
 described above upon completion of the initial Business Combination.

13 

Table of Contents 

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial Business Combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder
 meeting are voted in favor of the Business Combination. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in favor of our initial Business
 Combination (for more information on voting and permitted purchases of public shares see Item 1. Business Effectuating Our
 Initial Business Combination Permitted Purchases o f Our Securities an d Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities ). As a result, in addition to
 our initial shareholders founder shares and private placement shares, we would need 5,356,751, or 35.83 , of the 14,950,000 public shares sold in our Initial Public Offering to be voted in favor of an initial Business Combination in order to
 have our initial Business Combination approved (assuming all issued and outstanding ordinary shares are voted and the private placement shares issued to our sponsor are voted in favor of the transaction). Each public shareholder may elect to
 redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In addition, our sponsor and our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to
 waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares purchased during or after our Initial Public Offering in connection with (i) the completion of our initial Business Combination and
 (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have
 their shares redeemed in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (B) with
 respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares.

If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association:

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial Business Combination
 and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.

Upon the public announcement of our initial Business Combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A ordinary shares in the open market if we
 elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be
 permitted to complete our initial Business Combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted
 to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial Business Combination.

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the
 Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts
 by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed Business Combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on
 other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not
 purchased by us, our sponsor or our management team at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering
 without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial Business Combination, particularly in connection with a Business Combination
 with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash.

14 

Table of Contents 

However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial Business Combination.

Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights

Public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer
 agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/
 Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the Business Combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will
 furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial Business Combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which may include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly
 redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to
 approve the Business Combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is
 advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares.

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the
 tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise
 redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated.

The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute
 proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her
 redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window 
 after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before
 actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the shareholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the
 completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder s election to redeem is irrevocable once
 the business combination is approved.

Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the Business Combination, unless otherwise agreed to
 by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply
 request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the
 completion of our initial Business Combination.

If our initial Business Combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the
 applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares.

15 

Table of Contents 

If our initial proposed Business Combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a Business Combination with a different target until 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering.

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we have only 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering to consummate an initial Business Combination. If we do not
 consummate an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten
 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
 released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as
 shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors,
 liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably
 possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law.

Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to
 any founder shares or private placement shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from
 the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering).

Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (i) that
 would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do
 not complete our initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our
 public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the
 funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net
 tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy
 the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our
 sponsor, any executive officer or director, or any other person.

We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately 385,000 of proceeds
 held outside the trust account (as of December 31, 2022) plus up to 100,000 of funds from the trust account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose.

16 

Table of Contents 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement shares, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account
 interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our
 creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be less than 10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts, if
 any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims.

Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (excluding our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute
 agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they
 execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging
 the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the
 monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s
 engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular
 expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In
 addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust
 account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target
 business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of
 the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such
 liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the Underwriter of our
 Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of
 any liability for such third party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations
 and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation,
 claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation
 of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy
 its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations.
 While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business
 judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share.

17 

Table of Contents 

We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (excluding our independent registered
 public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also
 not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the Underwriter of our Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to approximately 385,000 from the
 proceeds held outside of the trust account (as of December 31, 2022) with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately
 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors; however
 such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our trust account received by any such shareholder.

If we file a bankruptcy petition or winding up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition or winding up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject
 to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot
 assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or winding up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition or winding up petition is filed against us that
 is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. 

As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our
 creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that
 claims will not be brought against us for these reasons.

Our public shareholders are entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not consummate an initial Business Combination within 24 months from
 the closing of our Initial Public Offering, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our
 Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of
 our Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, and (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial Business
 Combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent
 completion of an initial Business Combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In
 no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial Business Combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with
 the Business Combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions
 of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote.

Comparison of Redemption or Purchase Prices in Connection with our Initial Business Combination and if We Do Not Complete our Initial Business Combination

The following table compares the redemptions and other permitted purchases of public shares that may take place in connection with the completion of our initial Business Combination and if we are unable to complete
 our initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering.

18 

Table of Contents 

Redemptions in 

 Connection

 with our Initial 

 Business

 Combination

Other Permitted 

 Purchases of

 Public Shares

 by us or our Affiliates

Redemptions if we fail to

 Complete an Initial

 Business Combination

Calculation of redemption price

Redemptions at the time of our initial Business Combination may be made pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a shareholder vote. The redemption price will be the same whether we conduct
 redemptions pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a shareholder vote. In either case, our public shareholders may redeem their public shares for cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two
 business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and (which shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public
 shares, subject to the limitation that no redemptions will take place if all of the redemptions would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 as described elsewhere in this Report and any limitations (including but not
 limited to cash requirements) agreed to in connections with the negotiation of terms of a proposed initial Business Combination.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately-negotiated transactions or in the open
 market either prior to or following completion of our initial business combination. If any of our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates were to purchase shares from public shareholders, they would do so at a price no
 higher than the price offered through our redemption process. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to
 the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or
 a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to
 comply with such rules.

If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, we will redeem all public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal
 to the aggregate amount, then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released (which shall be net of taxes payable and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay
 dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares.

19 

Table of Contents 

Impact to remaining shareholders

The redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination will reduce the book value per share for our remaining shareholders, who will bear the burden of the deferred underwriting commissions and
 taxes payable.

If the permitted purchases described above are made there would be no impact to our remaining shareholders because the purchase price would not be paid by us. In the event our sponsor, directors, officers,
 advisors or any of their affiliates were to purchase shares from public shareholders, such purchases would by structured in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act including, in pertinent part, through
 disclosing the following in our registration statement/proxy statement filed for our Business Combination transaction: the possibility that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase shares from
 public shareholders outside the redemption process, along with the purpose of such purchases; a representation that any of our securities purchased by our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates would
 not be voted in favor of approving the Business Combination transaction; and our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates would not possess any redemption rights with respect to our securities or, if they do
 acquire and possess redemption rights, they would waive such rights. Additionally, we would disclose in a Form 8-K, before our security holder meeting to approve the Business Combination transaction, the following material items: the
 amount of our securities purchased outside of the redemption offer by our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates, along with the purchase price; the purpose of the purchases by our sponsor, directors, officers,
 advisors or any of their affiliates; the impact, if any, of the purchases by our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates on the likelihood that the Business Combination transaction will be approved; the
 identities of our security holders who sold to our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates (if not purchased on the open market) or the nature of our security holders (e.g., 5 security holders) who sold to our
 sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates; and the number of our securities for which the we have received redemption requests pursuant to our redemption offer.

The redemption of our public shares if we fail to complete an initial Business Combination will reduce the book value per share for the shares held by our initial shareholders, who will be our only
 remaining shareholders after such redemptions.

20 

Table of Contents 

Competition

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial Business Combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other
 blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies, operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting
 business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available
 financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who properly exercise their redemption
 rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial Business Combination, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a
 competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial Business Combination.

Facilities

We currently maintain our executive offices at 51 Astor Place, 10 th Floor, New York, New York 10003. The cost for our use of this space
 is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.

Employees

We currently have three executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our
 affairs until we have completed our initial Business Combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial Business Combination and the stage of the
 Business Combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination.

21 

Table of Contents 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information

We registered our Class A ordinary shares under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the
 requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants.

We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, sent to shareholders. These financial
 statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
 These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy
 rules and complete our initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have
 financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these
 requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material.

We will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 in this Report as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event that we are deemed to be a large
 accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company would we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on internal control over financial
 reporting. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.

Prior to the date of this Report, we filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and
 regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial Business Combination.

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the
 Companies Act. As an exempted company, we applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of
 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on
 profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a
 payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us.

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
 that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced
 disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden
 parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.

22 

Table of Contents 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with
 new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits
 of this extended transition period.

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we have total
 annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June
 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other
 things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250
 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June
 30.

Item 1A.

Risk Factors

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Report, before making a decision
 to invest in our Class A ordinary shares. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and
 you could lose all or part of your investment.

Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial Business Combination, which means we may complete our initial Business Combination even though a majority of our
 shareholders do not support such a combination.

We may not hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial Business Combination unless the Business Combination would require shareholder approval under applicable Cayman Islands law or stock exchange listing
 requirements or if we decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance, the Nasdaq rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a shareholder meeting but would still require us to obtain shareholder
 approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares (excluding any private placement shares to be issued in connection with an initial Business Combination) to a target business as consideration in any
 Business Combination. Therefore, if we were structuring a Business Combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, we would seek shareholder approval of such Business Combination. However, except
 as required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us,
 solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may consummate our
 initial Business Combination even if holders of a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the Business Combination we consummate.

23 

Table of Contents 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash.

At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a Business Combination
 without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the Business Combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision
 regarding a potential Business Combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which
 we describe our initial Business Combination.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, our sponsor and members of our management team agreed to vote in favor of such initial Business Combination, regardless of how
 our public shareholders vote.

Our sponsor owns, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares (excluding the private placement shares). Our sponsor and members of our management team also may from time to time
 purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial Business
 Combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder meeting are voted in favor of the Business Combination. As a result, in addition to our initial
 shareholders founder shares and private placement shares, we would need 5,356,751, or 35,83 , of the 14,950,000 public shares sold in our Initial Public Offering to be voted in favor of an initial Business Combination in order to have our
 initial Business Combination approved (assuming all issued and outstanding ordinary shares are voted and the private placement shares issued to our sponsor are voted in favor of the transaction). Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of
 our initial Business Combination, the agreement by our sponsor and our management team to vote in favor of our initial Business Combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial
 Business Combination.

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your
 public shares, potentially at a loss.

Our public shareholders are entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of (i) our completion of an initial Business Combination, and then only in connection with those Class A
 ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial Business Combination or to
 redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A
 ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public
 shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial
 Business Combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances
 will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares, potentially at a loss.

24 

Table of Contents 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential Business Combination targets, which may make it difficult for us
 to enter into a Business Combination with a target.

We may seek to enter into a Business Combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public
 shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the Business Combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an
 amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net
 tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related Business Combination and may instead search for an alternate
 Business Combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a Business Combination transaction with us.

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable Business Combination or optimize
 our capital structure.

At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial Business Combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on
 our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account
 or arrange for additional third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to
 complete the most desirable Business Combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the Underwriter will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection
 with an initial Business Combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in
 trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions.

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial Business Combination would be
 unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.

If our initial Business Combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that
 our initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial Business Combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you
 are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a
 material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market.

The requirement that we consummate an initial Business Combination within 24 months after the closing of our Initial Public Offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in
 negotiating a Business Combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential Business Combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete
 our initial Business Combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders.

Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a Business Combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of our
 Initial Public Offering. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a Business Combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the required time period with that
 particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due
 diligence and may enter into our initial Business Combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.

25 

Table of Contents 

Our search for a Business Combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected by the consequences and ongoing
 effects of the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets.

In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced, which has and is continuing to spread throughout the world. Since that time, the pandemic, together with resulting voluntary and
 government mandated actions, including mandatory business closures, public gathering limitations, restrictions on travel and quarantines, has meaningfully disrupted the global economy and markets. Although the long-term economic fallout of
 COVID-19 is difficult to predict, it has had and is expected to continue to have ongoing material adverse effects across many aspects of regional, national and global economies. COVID-19 has adversely affected economies and financial markets
 worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a Business Combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a Business Combination if continued concerns
 relating to COVID-19, including any new variant of COVID-19 that may emerge, result in a renewal of travel restrictions, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or potential Business Combination target company s personnel,
 vendors and service providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a Business Combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain
 and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the duration and severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of
 global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected.

In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market
 volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all.

Finally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border
 transactions.

Our search for a Business Combination, and any target business with which we may ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected by the geopolitical conditions
 resulting from the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and subsequent sanctions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities and the status of debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist legislation in our target markets.

U.S. and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the invasion of Ukraine by Russia in February 2022. In response to such invasion, the North
 Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against
 Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries, including the United
 States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine during the ongoing military conflict, increasing geopolitical tensions with Russia. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the resulting measures
 that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and global
 economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, the conflict could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in energy and other commodity prices, credit and
 capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. Additionally, Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital
 markets.

26 

Table of Contents 

Any of the abovementioned factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine and subsequent sanctions, could
 adversely affect our search for a Business Combination and any target business with which we may ultimately consummate a Business Combination. The extent and duration of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, resulting sanctions and any related
 market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial, particularly if current or new sanctions continue for an extended period of time or if geopolitical tensions result in expanded military operations on a global scale. Any
 such disruptions may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described elsewhere in this Report. If these disruptions or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a
 Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which we may ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected.

In addition, the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia, and the impact of sanctions against Russia and the potential for retaliatory acts from Russia, could result in increased cyber-attacks against U.S. companies.

We may not be able to consummate an initial Business Combination within 24 months after the closing of our Initial Public Offering, in which case we would cease all operations except for the
 purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate.

We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial Business Combination within 24 months after the closing of our Initial Public Offering. Our ability to complete our initial Business
 Combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and, while
 the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial Business Combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and
 third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the COVID-19 outbreak may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. Further, financial markets may be adversely affected by current or
 anticipated military conflicts (including the military conflict between Ukraine, the Russian Federation and Belarus that started in February 2022, see Our search for a Business Combination, and any target business with which we may ultimately
 consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected by the geopolitical conditions resulting from the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and subsequent sanctions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities and the
 status of debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist legislation in our target markets. ), terrorism, sanctions or other geopolitical events.

If we have not consummated an initial Business Combination within such applicable time period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not
 more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not
 previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders 
 rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of
 directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as
 reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less than 10.00 per public share, on the
 redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other
 risk factors herein.

27 

Table of Contents 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares, which may
 influence a vote on a proposed Business Combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors,
 officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares in privately-negotiated transactions or in the open market, either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation
 to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase
 public shares in such transactions. See Item 1. Business - Effectuating Our Initial Business Combination - Permitted Purchases of Our Securities and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities for a description of how our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which shareholders to
 purchase securities from in any private transaction.

Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its
 redemption rights.

In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately-negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption
 rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. The
 price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. The purpose of such purchases could
 be to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise
 not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary
 shares may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.

It is intended that, if Rule 10b-18 would apply to purchases by our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates, then such purchases will comply with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, to the extent
 it applies, which provides a safe harbor for purchases made under certain conditions, including with respect to timing, pricing and volume of purchases.

Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section
 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. Additionally, in the event our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates were to purchase shares from public shareholders, such
 purchases would be structured in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act including, in pertinent part, through adherence to the following:

our registration statement/proxy statement filed for our business combination transaction would disclose the possibility that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase shares from public
 shareholders outside the redemption process, along with the purpose of such purchases;

if our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates were to purchase shares from public shareholders, they would do so at a price no higher than the price offered through our redemption process;

our registration statement/proxy statement filed for our business combination transaction would include a representation that any of our securities purchased by our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates
 would not be voted in favor of approving the business combination transaction;

28 

Table of Contents 

our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates would not possess any redemption rights with respect to our securities or, if they do acquire and possess redemption rights, they would waive such rights; and

we would disclose in a Form 8-K, before our security holder meeting to approve the business combination transaction, the following material items:

the amount of our securities purchased outside of the redemption offer by our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates, along with the purchase price;

the purpose of the purchases by our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates;

the impact, if any, of the purchases by our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates on the likelihood that the business combination transaction will be approved;

the identities of our security holders who sold to our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates (if not purchased on the open market) or the nature of our security holders (e.g., 5 security holders)
 who sold to our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates; and

the number of our securities for which we have received redemption requests pursuant to our redemption offer.

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the
 quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial Business Combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its
 shares, such shares may not be redeemed.

We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder
 fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we
 will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial Business Combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that a shareholder
 fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed.

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could
 increase the cost of our initial Business Combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial Business Combination.

In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an
 initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive
 targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies
 seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial
 terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets
 post- business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial Business Combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial Business
 Combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether.

29 

Table of Contents 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for Business Combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination. If we do not
 complete our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account.

We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check
 companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly
 or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial
 resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of
 the private placement shares, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an
 advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial Business Combination in conjunction with
 a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial Business Combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully
 negotiating a Business Combination. If we have not consummated our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on
 the liquidation of our trust account. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share 
 and other risk factors herein.

If the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement shares not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for the 24 months
 following the closing of our Initial Public Offering, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial Business Combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or
 management team or any of their affiliates (including loans convertible into our Class A ordinary shares on the same terms as the private placement shares) to fund our search and to complete our initial Business Combination.

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 385,000 in our operating bank account, and negative working capital of approximately 2.3 million. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust
 account, together with funds available from loans from our sponsor, members of our management team or any of their affiliates (including loans convertible into our Class A ordinary shares on the same terms as the private placement shares) will be
 sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 24 months following the closing of our Initial Public Offering; however, our estimate may not be accurate, and our sponsor, members of our management team or any of their affiliates are under no
 obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Further, our independent registered public accounting firm s report included in this Report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue
 as a going concern. Of the funds available to us, we expect to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment
 or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a
 particular proposed Business Combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to
 forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business.

30 

Table of Contents 

If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, members of our management team or any of their affiliates or other third parties to operate or may be forced to
 liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or
 from funds released to us upon completion of our initial Business Combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into shares of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of 10.00 per share at the option of the lender. The
 shares would be identical to the private placement shares. Prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, members of our management team or any of their affiliates
 as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the required time
 period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.00 per public share, or possibly less,
 on our redemption of our public shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share 
 and other risk factors herein.

We may seek Business Combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired
 results.

We may seek Business Combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our
 efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the Business Combination may not be as successful as we anticipate.

To the extent we complete our initial Business Combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the
 business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to
 properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our Business Combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may
 not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a
 target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization.

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares.

If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the
 distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed
 as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of
 creditors. Claims may be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our
 debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine of 18,292.68 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands.

We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after the consummation of our initial Business Combination.

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. As an exempted
 company, there is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or shareholder meetings to elect directors. Until we hold an annual meeting of shareholders, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to elect directors
 and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual
 meeting of shareholders) serving a three-year term.

31 

Table of Contents 

We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise.

We will consider a Business Combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a Business Combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition
 opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular Business Combination target, we may not adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure
 you that an investment in our Class A ordinary shares will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in our securities than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a Business Combination target. In the event we
 elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Report regarding the areas of our
 management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders
 who choose to retain their securities following our initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to
 successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy
 solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the Business Combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.

Our initial shareholders may receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial Business Combination.

We will consider a Business Combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a Business Combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition
 opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular Business Combination target, we may not adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure
 you that an investment in our Class A ordinary shares will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in our securities than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a Business Combination target. In the event we
 elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Report regarding the areas of our
 management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders
 who choose to retain their securities following our initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to
 successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy
 solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the Business Combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.

32 

Table of Contents 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial Business Combination with which a
 substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association do not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net
 tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial Business Combination even though a substantial majority of our public
 shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to
 the tender offer rules, entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all
 Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not
 complete the Business Combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate Business Combination.

In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments. We may seek to
 amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial Business Combination that our shareholders may not support.

In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments. For example, blank check companies have amended
 the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, and extended the time to consummate a business combination. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require at least a special resolution of
 our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting of the company. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (i) that would modify
 the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
 our initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. To the extent any of such amendments
 would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of the securities offered through our Initial Public Offering, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities.

Our initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support.

Our initial shareholders own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a
 manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our initial shareholders purchase any shares in our Initial Public Offering or if our initial shareholders purchase any
 additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Neither our sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase
 additional securities, other than as disclosed in this Report. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of
 directors, whose members were elected by our sponsor, is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of
 shareholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the Business Combination. If there is an annual
 meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our sponsor, because of its ownership position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class
 B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors and to remove directors prior to our initial Business Combination. Accordingly, our sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial
 Business Combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial Business Combination without the prior consent of our sponsor.

33 

Table of Contents 

After our initial Business Combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United
 States; therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights.

It is possible that after our initial Business Combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a
 result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers, or to enforce judgments of United States courts
 predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws.

In particular, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the Cayman Islands or any other applicable jurisdictions would recognize and enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our directors or
 officers predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States or entertain original actions brought in the Cayman Islands or any other applicable jurisdiction s courts
 against us or our directors or officers predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States.

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.

Since the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement shares are intended to be used to complete an initial Business Combination with a target business that has not been
 selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private
 placement shares and have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419.
 Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means that since our shares were immediately tradable and we have a longer period of time to complete our initial Business
 Combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our Initial Public Offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would have prohibited the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the
 funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial Business Combination.

Subsequent to our completion of our initial Business Combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant
 negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the share price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.

Even if we conduct due diligence on a target business with which we combine, this diligence may not surface all material issues with a particular target business. In addition, factors outside of the target business
 and outside of our control may later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even
 if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and
 not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or
 other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following
 the Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our
 officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the
 Business Combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.

34 

Table of Contents 

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public
 share.

Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (excluding our independent registered public
 accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our
 public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of
 fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account.
 If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party
 that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative.

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to
 be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will
 agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares,
 if we have not consummated an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial Business Combination, we will be required to
 provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.00
 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to a letter agreement, our sponsor agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (excluding our independent
 registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of
 (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each
 case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the
 trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the Underwriter of our Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is
 deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we
 independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. None of
 our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our
 public shareholders.

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the
 trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its
 obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently
 expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to
 their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public
 shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per public share.

35 

Table of Contents 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or winding up or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding up petition is filed
 against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board
 of directors and us to claims of punitive damages.

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding up petition is filed against us that is not
 dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover
 some or all amounts received by our shareholders.

In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying
 public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding up petition is filed
 against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation
 may be reduced.

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding up petition is filed against us that is not
 dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the
 extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.

Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any election of directors we hold prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination.

Prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on
 the election of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial Business Combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may
 not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial Business Combination.

36 

Table of Contents 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial Business
 Combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations.

We may pursue Business Combination opportunities in any sector, except that we are not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, permitted to effectuate our initial Business Combination
 with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected any specific target business with respect to a Business Combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any
 particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial Business Combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business
 operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a
 financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or
 that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. An
 investment in our Class A ordinary shares may not ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a Business Combination target. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain
 their securities following our initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the
 reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer
 materials, as applicable, relating to the Business Combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.

Because we intend to seek a Business Combination with a target business in the healthcare industry, we expect our future operations to be subject to risks associated with this industry.

Because we intend to seek a Business Combination with a target business in the healthcare industry, we expect our future operations to be subject to risks associated with this industry.

Healthcare-related companies are generally subject to greater governmental regulation than most other industries at the U.S. state and federal levels, and internationally. In recent years, both local and national
 governmental budgets have come under pressure to reduce spending and control healthcare costs, which could both adversely affect regulatory processes and public funding available for healthcare products, services and facilities. In March 2010,
 comprehensive healthcare reform legislation was enacted in the United States. These laws are intended to increase health insurance coverage through individual and employer mandates, subsidies offered to lower income individuals, tax credits
 available to smaller employers and broadening of Medicaid eligibility.

While one intent of healthcare reform is to expand health insurance coverage to more individuals, it may also involve additional regulatory mandates and other measures designed to constrain medical costs, including
 coverage and reimbursement for healthcare services. Healthcare reform has had a significant impact on the healthcare sector in the United States and consequently has the ability to affect companies within the healthcare industry. The ultimate
 effects of federal healthcare reform or any future legislation or regulation, or healthcare initiatives, if any, on the healthcare sector, whether implemented at the federal or state level or internationally, cannot be predicted with certainty
 and such reform, legislation, regulation or initiatives may adversely affect the performance of a potential Business Combination.

Changes in governmental policies may have a material effect on the demand for or costs of certain products and services. A healthcare related company must receive government approval before introducing new drugs and
 medical devices or procedures. This process may delay the introduction of these products and services to the marketplace, resulting in increased development costs, delayed cost recovery and loss of competitive advantage to the extent that rival
 companies have developed competing products or procedures, adversely affecting the company s revenues and profitability. Failure to obtain governmental approval of a key drug or device or other regulatory action could have a material adverse
 effect on the business of a target company. Additionally, expansion of facilities by healthcare related providers is subject to determinations of need by the appropriate government authorities. This process not only increases the time and cost
 involved in these expansions, but also makes expansion plans uncertain, limiting the revenue and profitability growth potential of healthcare related facilities operators.

Certain healthcare-related companies depend on the exclusive rights or patents for the products they develop and distribute. Patents have a limited duration and, upon expiration, other companies may market
 substantially similar generic products that are typically sold at a lower price than the patented product, causing the original developer of the product to lose market share and/or reduce the price charged for the product, resulting in lower
 profits for the original developer. As a result, the expiration of patents may adversely affect the profitability of these companies. The profitability of healthcare-related companies may also be affected, among other factors, by restrictions on
 government reimbursement for medical expenses, rising or falling costs of medical products and services, pricing pressure, an increased emphasis on outpatient services, a limited product offering, industry innovation, changes in technologies and
 other market developments. Finally, because the products and services of healthcare-related companies affect the health and well-being of many individuals, these companies are especially susceptible to product liability lawsuits.

37 

Table of Contents 

The healthcare industry spends heavily on research and development. Research findings (e.g., regarding side effects or comparative benefits of one or more particular treatments, services or products) and
 technological innovation (together with patent expirations) may make any particular treatment, service or product less attractive if previously unknown or underappreciated risks are revealed, or if a more effective, less costly or less risky
 solution is or becomes available. Any such development could have a material adverse effect on the companies that are target businesses for investment. In recent years, both local and national governmental budgets have come under pressure to
 reduce spending and control healthcare costs, which could both adversely affect regulatory processes and public funding available for healthcare products, services and facilities.

Although we have identified general criteria that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial Business Combination with a target that does
 not meet such criteria, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial Business Combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria.

Although we have identified general criteria for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial Business Combination will not have all of these
 positive attributes. If we complete our initial Business Combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general
 criteria. In addition, if we announce a prospective Business Combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any
 closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, or we decide to
 obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria. If we do not complete our
 initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account.

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are
 paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view.

Unless we complete our initial Business Combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting firm or independent investment banking firm that the price we are
 paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted
 by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial Business Combination.

We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial Business
 Combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our
 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 479,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001
 per share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. There are 463,551,000 and 16,262,500 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not
 take into account shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial Business Combination as described herein
 and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. There are no preference shares issued and outstanding.

38 

Table of Contents 

We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial Business
 Combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions described in the
 final prospectus relating to our Initial Public Offering. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination, we may not issue
 additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial Business Combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion
 of an initial Business Combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder
 vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares:

may significantly dilute the equity interest of our investors, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than
 one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares;

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares;

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of our Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the
 resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A ordinary shares.

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If
 we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account.

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management
 time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial Business Combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be
 recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial Business Combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss
 to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our
 public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account.

39 

Table of Contents 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a Business Combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase
 the time and costs of completing an acquisition.

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Report. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an
 accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we
 are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial Business
 Combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may
 increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.

We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial Business Combination with a target business whose management may
 not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial Business Combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time,
 resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s
 management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their
 securities following our initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

We may issue notes or other debt, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a Business Combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively
 impact the value of our shareholders investment in us.

Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Report to issue any notes or other debt, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial Business
 Combination. We and our officers agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no
 issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including:

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial Business Combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver
 or renegotiation of that covenant;

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand;

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding;

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares;

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and
 other general corporate purposes;

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and

40 

Table of Contents 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who
 have less debt.

We may only be able to complete one Business Combination with the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement shares, which will cause us to be solely dependent
 on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability.

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 149,000,000 available to consummate an initial Business Combination after payment of 2,616,250 of deferred underwriting fees.

We may effectuate our initial Business Combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial
 Business Combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present
 operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial Business Combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to
 numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to
 complete several Business Combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.

We may effectuate our initial Business Combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial
 Business Combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present
 operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial Business Combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to
 numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to
 complete several Business Combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate
 subsequent to our initial Business Combination.

41 

Table of Contents 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete Business Combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial Business Combination and give rise to
 increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous
 closings of the other Business Combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial Business Combination. With multiple Business Combinations, we could also face additional risks, including
 additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the
 acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.

We may attempt to complete our initial Business Combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a Business Combination with a company that is
 not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial Business Combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be
 required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial Business Combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a Business Combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.

Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial Business Combination with some prospective
 target businesses.

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on our proposed Business Combination include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same
 financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to,
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the
 historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential
 target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial Business Combination within 24 months from
 the closing of our Initial Public Offering.

If we do not consummate an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such 24 months before
 redemption from our trust account.

If we do not consummate an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held
 in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any
 redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the
 trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that
 case, investors may be forced to wait beyond 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the
 proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial Business Combination or amend certain provisions of our
 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to
 distributions if we do not complete our initial Business Combination and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide
 that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more
 than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law.

42 

Table of Contents 

If we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely
 restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial Business Combination and instead liquidate the
 Company.

As described in the SEC s new SPAC Proposed Rules (see The SEC has issued proposed rules to regulate special purpose acquisition companies. Certain of the procedures that we, a Business Combination target, or
 others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete a Business Combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete a Business Combination. The need
 for compliance with the SPAC Proposed Rules may cause us to liquidate the funds in the Trust Account or liquidate at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose. ), the SPAC Proposed Rules relate, among other matters, to the circumstances in
 which SPACs such as the company could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act and the regulations thereunder. The SPAC Proposed Rules would provide a safe harbor for such companies from the definition of investment company under
 Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria, including a limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Proposed
 Rules would require a company to file a report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for a Business Combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of its registration statement for the
 Initial Public Offering (the IPO Registration Statement ). The company would then be required to complete its initial Business Combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement.

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities would be severely restricted. In addition, we would be subject to burdensome compliance requirements. We do not believe
 that our principal activities will subject us to regulation as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. However, if we are deemed to be an investment company and subject to compliance with and regulation under the Investment
 Company Act, we would be subject to additional regulatory burdens and expenses for which we have not allotted funds. As a result, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon our
 efforts to complete an initial Business Combination and instead liquidate the company. Were we to liquidate, our shareholders would lose the investment opportunity associated with an investment in the combined company, including any potential
 price appreciation of our Class A ordinary shares. As described below, we may implement measures to mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act (see To mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in
 the Trust Account in cash in an interest-bearing demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of an initial Business Combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the Trust Account, we
 would likely receive minimal interest on the funds held in the Trust Account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would receive in connection with any redemption or liquidation of the company ).

To mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the Trust
 Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in cash in an interest-bearing demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of an initial Business Combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation
 of investments in the Trust Account, we would likely receive minimal interest on the funds held in the Trust Account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would receive in connection with any redemption or liquidation of
 the company.

The funds in the Trust Account have, since our Initial Public Offering, been held in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S.
 government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. However, to mitigate the risk of us being deemed to be an unregistered investment company (including under the subjective test of
 Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act) and thus subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, we may instruct the trustee with respect to the Trust Account, to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money
 market funds held in the Trust Account and thereafter to maintain the funds in the Trust Account in cash in an interest-bearing demand deposit account at a bank until the earlier of the consummation of our initial Business Combination and
 liquidation of the company. Interest on such deposit account is currently approximately 2.5 3.0 per annum, but such deposit account carries a variable rate and the company cannot assure you that such rate will not decrease or increase
 significantly. Following such liquidation, we will likely receive minimal interest on the funds held in the Trust Account.

43 

Table of Contents 

However, interest previously earned on the funds held in the Trust Account still may be released to us to pay our taxes or certain of our dissolution expenses. As a result, the decision to liquidate the investments
 held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash an interest-bearing demand deposit account is likely to reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders could receive in connection with any redemption or
 liquidation of the company.

In addition, even prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement, we may be deemed to be an investment company. For more information see If

we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances,
 unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial Business Combination and instead liquidate the Company . The longer that the funds in the
 Trust Account are held in short-term U.S. government treasury obligations or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, even prior to the 24-month anniversary, the greater the risk that we may be considered an unregistered
 investment company, in which case we may be required to liquidate the company.

We may not be able to complete an initial Business Combination with certain potential target companies if a proposed transaction with the target company may be subject to review or approval by
 regulatory authorities pursuant to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations.

Our sponsor currently owns 3,617,500 Class B ordinary shares and 499,000 private placement shares. Our sponsor is governed by a board of directors consisting of two directors, Adam Stone and Michael Altman, who are
 U.S. citizens. As such, Messrs. Stone and Altman have voting and investment discretion with respect to the securities held of record by our sponsor and may be deemed to have shared beneficial ownership of the securities held directly by our
 sponsor. Our sponsor is not controlled (as defined in 31 CFR 800.208) by a foreign person, such that our sponsor s involvement in any Business Combination would be a covered transaction (as defined in 31 CFR 800.213). However, it is possible
 that non-U.S. persons could be involved in our Business Combination, which may increase the risk that our Business Combination becomes subject to regulatory review, including review by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States
 CFIUS ), and that restrictions, limitations or conditions will be imposed by CFIUS. If our Business Combination with a U.S. business is subject to CFIUS review, the scope of which was expanded by Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act
 of 2018 FIRRMA ), to include certain non-passive, non-controlling investments in sensitive U.S. businesses and certain acquisitions of real estate even with no underlying U.S. business. FIRRMA, and subsequent implementing regulations that are
 now in force, also subjects certain categories of investments to mandatory filings. If our potential Business Combination with a U.S. business falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may determine that we are required to make a mandatory filing or
 that we will submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with a Business Combination without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing a Business Combination. CFIUS may decide to block or delay our Business
 Combination, impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect to such Business Combination or order us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business of the combined company without first obtaining CFIUS clearance, which may
 limit the attractiveness of or prevent us from pursuing certain initial Business Combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our shareholders. As a result, the pool of potential targets with which we could
 complete a Business Combination may be limited and we may be adversely affected in terms of competing with other special purpose acquisition companies which do not have similar foreign ownership issues. A failure to notify CFIUS of a transaction
 where such notification was required or otherwise warranted based on the national security considerations presented by an investment target may expose our sponsor and/or the combined company to legal penalties, costs, and/or other adverse
 reputational and financial effects, thus potentially diminishing the value of the combined company. In addition, CFIUS is actively pursuing transactions that were not notified to it and may ask questions regarding, or impose restrictions or
 mitigation on, a Business Combination post-closing.

44 

Table of Contents 

Moreover, the process of government review, whether by the CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy and we have limited time to complete our Business Combination. If we cannot complete a Business Combination within 24
 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering because the transaction is still under review or because our Business Combination is ultimately prohibited by CFIUS or another U.S. government entity, we may be required to liquidate. If we
 liquidate, shareholders of record may only receive their pro rata portion of funds available in the Trust Account. This will also cause you to lose the investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on your
 investment through any price appreciation in the combined company.

The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-Business Combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the
 release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting of the
 company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial
 Business Combination that some of our shareholders may not support.

Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-business combination activity, without
 approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
 of association provide that any of its provisions related to pre-Business Combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement shares into the trust account and
 not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary
 shares who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our ordinary
 shares; provided that the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial Business Combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed
 by holders representing at least two-thirds of our issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares. Our initial shareholders, and their permitted transferees, if any, who will collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our
 Class A ordinary shares upon the closing of our Initial Public Offering, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any
 manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-Business Combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and
 this may increase our ability to complete a Business Combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.

Our sponsor, executive officers and directors agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (i) that
 would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do
 not complete our initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our
 public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
 earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of,
 this agreement and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers and directors for any breach of this agreement. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a
 shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law.

45 

Table of Contents 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or
 abandon a particular Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of
 our trust account.

Although we believe that the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement shares will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial Business Combination, because we have not
 yet finalized the acquisition of a target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement shares prove to be
 insufficient, either because of the size of our initial Business Combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect
 redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial Business Combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the
 proposed Business Combination. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves
 to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial Business Combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular Business Combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we do
 not complete our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account. In addition,
 even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material
 adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial Business Combination.

Risks Relating to our Securities

The securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share
 redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share.

The proceeds held in the trust account were invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the
 Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in
 recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the
 United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their
 pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income, net of income taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
 expenses). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold
 in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the
 Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we
 would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial Business Combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to
 complete our initial Business Combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess
 Shares if we complete our initial Business Combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions,
 potentially at a loss.

46 

Table of Contents 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.

Our Class A ordinary shares are listed on Nasdaq. Although after giving effect to our Initial Public Offering we expect to continue to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing standards set forth in
 Nasdaq s listing standards, our securities may not be, or may not continue to be, listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to the
 completion of our initial Business Combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in shareholders equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders
 of our securities (generally at least 300 public holders and at least 500,000 publicly held shares). Additionally, in connection with our initial Business Combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing
 requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, the share price of our securities would generally be required to be at
 least 4.00 per share and our shareholders equity would generally be required to be at least 5,000,000 and we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round-lot holders (with at least 50 of such round lot holders holding securities with a
 market value of at least 2,500). We may not be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time.

If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter
 market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;

reduced liquidity for our securities;

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the
 secondary trading market for our securities;

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. 
 Because our Class A ordinary shares are listed on Nasdaq, our Class A ordinary shares qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does
 allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a
 state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers,
 or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our shares would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be
 subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our shares.

47 

Table of Contents 

A market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities.

The price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential Business Combinations and general market or economic conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak. Furthermore, an active
 trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained.

Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our
 Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions
 will include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination only holders of
 our Class B ordinary shares, which have been issued to our sponsor, are entitled to vote on the election of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of
 a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.

The grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial Business Combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect
 the market price of our Class A ordinary shares.

Pursuant to a registration and shareholders rights agreement, our initial shareholders, and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are
 convertible and the private placement shares, including the private placement shares that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the
 public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial Business Combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the
 shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned
 by our initial shareholders or their permitted transferees are registered for resale.

Risks Relating to Our Sponsor and Management Team

We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate.

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and
 directors, at least until we have completed our initial Business Combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of
 interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential Business Combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. In particular, certain of our officers and directors serve as an officer and/or
 director of ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV, which is a blank check company sponsored by an affiliate of Perceptive Advisors. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive
 officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us.

48 

Table of Contents 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial Business Combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us
 following our initial Business Combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

Our ability to successfully effect our initial Business Combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained.
 Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial Business Combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in
 place. While we closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial Business Combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements
 of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular Business Combination, and a particular Business Combination may be
 conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial Business Combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in
 determining whether a particular Business Combination is the most advantageous.

Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial Business Combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the Business
 Combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the Business Combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they
 would render to us after the completion of the Business Combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may
 influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement entered into at closing of our Initial Public Offering, our sponsor, upon and following
 consummation of an initial Business Combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement.

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial Business Combination. The loss of a Business Combination target s key personnel could negatively
 impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial Business Combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition
 candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial Business Combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place.

Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This
 conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial Business Combination.

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search
 for a Business Combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for
 which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. In particular, certain of our officers and directors serve as an officer
 and/or director of ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV, which is a blank check company sponsored by an affiliate of Perceptive Advisors. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive
 officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative
 impact on our ability to complete our initial Business Combination.

49 

Table of Contents 

Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including another blank check company, and,
 accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.

Until we consummate our initial Business Combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in
 the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity, including ARYA Sciences
 Acquisition Corp IV, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not
 be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law.

In addition, our founders and our directors and officers, Perceptive Advisors, or its affiliates may in the future become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are
 similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be
 presented to such other blank check companies, including ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV, prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum
 and articles of association provide that we renounce our interest in any Business Combination opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director
 or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis.

Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be
 acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or executive officers,
 although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a
 conflict between their interests and ours.

The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a Business Combination. Consequently, our
 directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular Business Combination are appropriate and in
 our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our
 shareholders rights. However, we may not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason.

50 

Table of Contents 

We may engage in a Business Combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial
 shareholders which may raise potential conflicts of interest.

In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial
 shareholders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or
 investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial Business Combination. Such entities may compete with us for Business Combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific
 opportunities for us to complete our initial Business Combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a Business Combination with any such entity or entities. Although we
 will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a Business Combination and such transaction was
 approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or accounting firm regarding the fairness to our company
 from a financial point of view of a Business Combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist
 and, as a result, the terms of the Business Combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial Business Combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess the
 skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.

We may structure our initial Business Combination so that the post-Business Combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target
 business, but we will only complete such Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
 business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-Business Combination company owns 50 or
 more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-Business Combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the
 target and us in the Business Combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would
 acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our issued and
 outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we
 initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business.

Since our sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial Business Combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may
 acquire during or after our Initial Public Offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular Business Combination target is appropriate for our initial Business Combination.

On March 18, 2021, we issued to our sponsor 3,737,500 founder shares in exchange for a capital contribution of 25,000, or approximately 0.007 per share. In June 2021, our sponsor transferred 30,000 founder shares
 to each of Todd Wider, Jake Bauer, Sanjiv K. Patel and Debra Yu. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. Prior to the initial investment in the company of
 25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The founder shares and
 private placement shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial Business Combination. In addition, our sponsor purchased 499,000 private placement shares at a price of 10.00 per share 4,990,000 in the aggregate), in a private
 placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target Business
 Combination, completing an initial Business Combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial Business Combination. This risk may become more acute as the 24-month anniversary of the closing of our Initial Public
 Offering nears, which is the deadline for our consummation of an initial Business Combination.

51 

Table of Contents 

Since our officers and directors will share in any appreciation of the founder shares purchased at approximately 0.007 per share, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a
 particular target business is appropriate for our initial business combination.

Our officers and directors who will assist us in sourcing potential acquisition targets have an interest in the founder shares as of the date hereof. These officers and directors will not receive any cash
 compensation from us prior to a Business Combination but will share in any appreciation of the founder shares, provided that we successfully complete a Business Combination. We believe that this structure aligns the incentives of these officers
 and directors with the interests of our shareholders. However, investors should be aware that, as these officers and directors have paid approximately 0.007 per share or less for the interest in the founder shares, this structure also creates an
 incentive whereby our officers and directors could potentially make a substantial profit even if we complete a Business Combination with a target that ultimately declines in value and is not profitable for our public shareholders.

General Risk Factors

We have identified a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31,
 2022, related to the interpretation and accounting for extinguishment of a significant contingent obligation.

Our management and our audit committee concluded that it was appropriate to restate previously issued and unaudited condensed
 financial statements as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2022.

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to
 provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our management is likewise required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate
 the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses identified through such evaluation in those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal
 control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

As described elsewhere in this Report, including in the Explanatory Note, we identified a material weakness in our internal
 control around the interpretation and accounting for extinguishment of a significant contingent obligation in August 2022 in connection with the Waiver. As a result of this material weakness, our management concluded that our internal control
 over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. This material weakness resulted in a material misstatement of our reported accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, reported net income and
 earnings per share and related financial disclosures for the Affected Period.

As described in Part II, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures, we have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
 was ineffective as of September 30, 2022 because a material weakness existed in our internal control over financial reporting. We have taken a number of measures to remediate the material weakness described therein; however, if we are unable
 to remediate our material weaknesses in a timely manner or we identify additional material weaknesses, we may be unable to provide required financial information in a timely and reliable manner and we may incorrectly report financial
 information. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to timely file will cause us to be ineligible
 to utilize short form registration statements on Form S-3 or Form S-4, which may impair our ability to obtain capital in a timely fashion to execute our business strategies or issue shares to effect an acquisition or business combination. In
 either case, the existence of material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect our business and our reputation or investor perceptions of us, which could have a negative
 effect on the trading price of our shares. In addition, we will incur additional costs to remediate material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, as described in Part II, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.

We can give no assurance that the measures we have taken and plan to take in the future will remediate the material weakness
 identified or that any additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these
 controls. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair
 presentation of our financial statements.

We may face litigation and other risks as a result of the material weakness in our internal control over
 financial reporting.

As described in the Explanatory Note in this Report, following the filing of the Quarterly Report, our audit committee concluded
 that it was appropriate to restate our previously issued unaudited condensed financial statements as of September 30, 2022. See We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022,
 related to the interpretation and accounting for extinguishment of a significant contingent obligation. As part of the restatement, we identified a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting.

52 

Table of Contents 

As a result of such material weakness, we may face potential for litigation or other disputes which may include, among others,
 claims invoking the federal and state securities laws, contractual claims or other claims arising from the restatement and material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements. As
 of the date of this Report, we have no knowledge of any such litigation or dispute. However, we can provide no assurance that such litigation or dispute will not arise in the future. Any such litigation or dispute, whether successful or not,
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition or our ability to complete a Business Combination.

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As of December 31, 2022, we had
 approximately 385,000 in our operating bank account, and negative working capital of approximately 2.3 million. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our initial Business Combination. We
 cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to consummate an initial Business Combination will be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements
 contained elsewhere in this Report do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to continue as a going concern.

We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.

We are a recently incorporated company established under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results, and we will not commence operations until obtaining funding through our initial public offering.
 Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial Business Combination with one or more target businesses. We may be unable to complete our
 initial Business Combination. If we fail to complete our initial Business Combination, we will never generate any operating revenues.

Changes in laws or regulations, including different or heightened rules or requirements promulgated by the SEC, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our
 business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination and results of operations, and may increase both our costs and the risk of non- compliance.

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. It is possible that we will
 become subject to different or heightened rules or requirements promulgated by the SEC, and we may become subject to heightened or increased scrutiny by the SEC. On December 10, 2020, the SEC s Office of Inspector Education and Advocacy issued an
 investor bulletin entitled What You Need to Know About SPACs. On December 22, 2020, the SEC s Division of Corporate Finance issued CF Disclosure Guidance: Topic No. 11 regarding special purpose acquisition companies. Compliance with, and
 monitoring of, the foregoing may be difficult, time consuming and costly.

53 

Table of Contents 

Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time. In particular, it is possible that we may become subject to different or heightened rules or requirements, or
 face increased regulatory scrutiny, by the SEC. These changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations, and we may not have launched our Company had we been subject to these changes in laws,
 regulations or increased regulatory scrutiny at the time of our initial public offering. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination and results of operations.

The SEC has issued proposed rules to regulate special purpose acquisition companies. Certain of the procedures that we, a Business Combination target, or others may determine to undertake in
 connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete a Business Combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete a Business Combination. The need for compliance with the SPAC Proposed
 Rules may cause us to liquidate the funds in the Trust Account or liquidate at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose.

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued the SPAC Proposed Rules relating, among other items, to disclosures in business combination transactions between special purpose acquisition companies SPACs such as us and
 private operating companies; the condensed financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; the use of projections by SPACs in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; the
 potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, including a proposed rule that would provide SPACs a
 safe harbor from treatment as an investment company if they satisfy certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. The SPAC Proposed Rules have not yet been adopted, and may be adopted in the
 proposed form or in a different form that could impose additional regulatory requirements on SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a Business Combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with the SPAC Proposed Rules,
 or pursuant to the SEC s views expressed in the SPAC Proposed Rules, may increase the costs of negotiating and completing a Business Combination and the time required to consummate a transaction, and may constrain the circumstances under which we
 could complete a Business Combination. The need for compliance with the SPAC Proposed Rules may cause us to liquidate the funds in the Trust Account or liquidate at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose To mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in
 the Trust Account in cash in an interest-bearing demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of an initial Business Combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the Trust Account, we
 would likely receive minimal interest on the funds held in the Trust Account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would receive in connection with any redemption or liquidation of the company. ). Were we to
 liquidate, our shareholders would lose the investment opportunity associated with an investment in the combined company, including any potential price appreciation of our ordinary shares.

Past performance by our management team or their affiliates, including Perceptive Advisors, ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp., ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp II, ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp III
 and ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us.

Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, our management team or their affiliates, including Perceptive Advisors, ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp., ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp II, ARYA
 Sciences Acquisition Corp III and ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV, is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience of and performance by our management team or their affiliates, including Perceptive Advisors, ARYA Sciences
 Acquisition Corp., ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp II, ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp III and ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV, is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial
 Business Combination; or (ii) of any results with respect to any initial Business Combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team, Perceptive Advisors or any of their affiliates or managed
 fund s performance as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. An investment in us is not an investment in Perceptive Advisors.

54 

Table of Contents 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss.

We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on,
 or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an
 early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate
 any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss.

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to
 emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies.

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to
 other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
 regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not
 previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier,
 including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot
 predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our
 securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had
 a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
 can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition
 period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the
 new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company, which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period,
 difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other
 things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (i) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as
 of the prior June 30, or (ii) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take
 advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible.

55 

Table of Contents 

Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts
 may be limited.

We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive
 officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers.

Our corporate affairs and the rights of shareholders are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time)
 and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary
 responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the
 Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors
 under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United
 States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal
 court of the United States.

Shareholders of Cayman Islands exempted companies like the Company have no general rights under Cayman Islands law to inspect corporate records or to obtain copies of the register of members of these companies. Our
 directors have discretion under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to determine whether or not, and under what conditions, our corporate records may be inspected by our shareholders, but are not obliged to make them
 available to our shareholders. This may make it more difficult for you to obtain the information needed to establish any facts necessary for a shareholder motion or to solicit proxies from other shareholders in connection with a proxy contest.

We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil
 liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal
 securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the
 United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court
 imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a
 liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of
 which is contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent
 proceedings are being brought elsewhere.

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders
 than they would as public shareholders of a United States company.

56 

Table of Contents 

Since only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to our initial Business Combination, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company 
 within the meaning of Nasdaq s rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that would otherwise provide protection to shareholders of other companies.

Only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the election of directors. As a result, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq s corporate governance standards.
 Under Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, a group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with
 certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that:

we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under Nasdaq rules;

we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and

we have independent director oversight of our director nominations.

We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or
 all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of Nasdaq s corporate governance requirements.

We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors.

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a beneficial owner of our Class A ordinary shares who or that is (i) an individual who is a citizen or resident of
 the United States as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (ii) a corporation (or other entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the
 District of Columbia, (iii) an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source, or (iv) a trust, if (a) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the
 trust and one or more U.S. persons (as defined in the Code) have authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (b) it has a valid election in effect under Treasury Regulations to be treated as a U.S. person (a U.S. Holder ),
 such U.S. holder may be subject to certain adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the
 PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances, the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can
 be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Moreover,
 if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order
 to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible
 application of the PFIC rules.

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial Business Combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders.

We may, in connection with our initial Business Combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located
 or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not
 intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders to pay such taxes. Shareholders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation.

57 

Table of Contents 

Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries

If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial Business Combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating,
 agreeing to and completing such initial Business Combination, and if we effect such initial Business Combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations.

If we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial Business Combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations,
 including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial Business Combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and
 changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.

If we effect our initial Business Combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the
 following:

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations;

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption;

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals;

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected;

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements;

tariffs and trade barriers;

regulations related to customs and import/export matters;

local or regional economic policies and market conditions;

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

longer payment cycles;

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;

currency fluctuations and exchange controls;

rates of inflation;

challenges in collecting accounts receivable;

cultural and language differences;

employment regulations;

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems;

corruption;

protection of intellectual property;

58 

Table of Contents 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances;

regime changes and political upheaval;

terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars, including the military conflict between Ukraine, the Russian Federation and Belarus that started in February 2022; and

deterioration of political relations with the United States.

We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial Business Combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations might
 suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

If our management following our initial Business Combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which
 could lead to various regulatory issues.

Following our initial Business Combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the Business Combination
 will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with
 such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations.

After our initial Business Combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in such country.
 Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate.

The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and
 among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain
 industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial Business Combination and if we effect our initial
 Business Combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable.

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business s ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished.

In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by
 reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency
 against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial Business Combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in
 value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction.

59 

Table of Contents 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial Business Combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we
 may not be able to enforce our legal rights.

In connection with our initial Business Combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction
 may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or
 obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital.

We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance.

We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly
 traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and
 a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a Business Combination target.

Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in
 continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be
 subject to penalty and our business may be harmed.

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

Item 2. 

Properties

We currently maintain our executive offices at 51 Astor Place, 10 th Floor, New York, New York 10003. The cost for our use of this space
 is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

To the knowledge of our management, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable . 

60 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

(a)

Market Information

Our Class A ordinary shares are traded on the Nasdaq under the symbol ARYE. Our Class A ordinary shares commenced public trading on July 14, 2021.

(b)

Holders

As of the date of this Report, there were two holders of record of our Class A ordinary shares and five holders of record of our Class B ordinary shares.

(c)

Dividends

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will
 be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial Business Combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial Business
 Combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time, and we will only pay such dividend out of our profits or share premium (subject to solvency requirements) as permitted under Cayman Islands law. In addition, our
 board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with a Business Combination, our ability to declare dividends
 may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.

(d)

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

None

(e)

Performance Graph 

Not applicable.

(f)

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities ; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered Sales

On March 18, 2021, we issued 3,737,500 of our Class B ordinary shares to our sponsor, in exchange for a capital contribution of 25,000, or approximately 0.007 per share. Such securities were issued in connection
 with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Our sponsor is an accredited investor for purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation D.

Our sponsor purchased, pursuant to a written agreement, 499,000 private placement shares at a price of 10.00 per private placement share 4,990,000 in the aggregate), in a private placement that closed
 simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering. These issuances were made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Our sponsor, as purchaser, is an accredited investor for
 purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation D.

No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to the sales of the Class B ordinary shares or the private placement shares.

61 

Table of Contents 

Use of Proceeds

Simultaneously with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters in full, our sponsor purchased 499,000 Private Placement
 Shares, at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Share to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately 5.0 million. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Shares was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public
 Offering held in the Trust Account.

In connection with the Initial Public Offering, our sponsor had agreed to loan us an aggregate of up to 300,000 pursuant to the Note. This loan is non-interest bearing and payable on the
 consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The Company borrowed 150,000 under the Note and fully repaid the Note amount on July 15, 2021.

Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial Public Offering and the full exercise of the option to purchase additional Shares, 149,500,000 was placed in the Trust Account. The net
 proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain proceeds from the Private Placement are invested in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less and in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations.

We paid a total of approximately 3.0 million in underwriting discounts and commissions related to the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters agreed to defer 5.2 million in
 underwriting discounts and commissions. On August 8, 2022, the Company received a waiver from one of the underwriters of its Initial Public Offering pursuant to which such underwriter waived all rights to its 50 share of the deferred
 underwriting commissions payable upon completion of an initial Business Combination. In connection with this waiver, the underwriter also agreed that (i) this waiver is not intended to allocate its 50 portion of the deferred underwriting
 commissions to the other underwriter that has not waived its right to receive its share of the deferred underwriting commissions and (ii) the waived portion of the deferred underwriting commissions can, at the discretion of the Company, be paid
 to one or more parties or otherwise be used in connection with an initial Business Combination.

There has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and private placement as is described in the Company s final
 prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering.

(g)

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

None.

Item 6. 

[Reserved]

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

References to the Company, ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp V, ARYA, our, us or we refer to ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp V. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and
 results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
 statements that involve risks and uncertainties.

Overview

We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on February 22, 2021. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a Business Combination that we have not yet identified. Our sponsor is
 ARYA Sciences Holdings V, a Cayman Islands exempted limited company (the Sponsor ).

Our registration statement for our Initial Public Offering was declared effective on July 12, 2021. On July 15, 2021, we consummated its Initial Public Offering of 14,950,000 Class A ordinary
 shares (the Public Shares ), including the 1,950,000 Public Shares as a result of the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option, at an offering price of 10.00 per Public Share, generating gross proceeds of 149.5 million, and
 incurring offering costs of approximately 8.7 million, inclusive of approximately 5.2 million in deferred underwriting commissions. On August 8, 2022, the Company received a waiver from one of the underwriters of its Initial Public Offering
 pursuant to which such underwriter waived all rights to its 50 share of the deferred underwriting commissions payable upon completion of an initial Business Combination. In connection with this waiver, the underwriter also agreed that (i) this
 waiver is not intended to allocate its 50 portion of the deferred underwriting commissions to the other underwriter that has not waived its right to receive its share of the deferred underwriting commissions and (ii) the waived portion of the
 deferred underwriting commissions can, at the discretion of the Company, be paid to one or more parties or otherwise be used in connection with an initial Business Combination.

62 

Table of Contents 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement Private Placement of 499,000 Class A ordinary shares (the Private Placement Shares ), at a price of 10.00 per
 Private Placement Share to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately 5.0 million.

Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, 149.5 million 10.00 per Public Share) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private
 Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account ), located in the United States, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and are invested only in United States government securities within the meaning of
 Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company
 Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below.

Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Shares, although substantially all of the net proceeds
 are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination.

If we have not completed a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than
 ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously
 released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as
 shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors,
 liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.

We intend to effectuate our initial Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Shares, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, equity and
 debt.

The issuance of additional shares in a Business Combination:

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our Initial Public Offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares
 on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares;

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares;

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of our Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the
 resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and

63 

Table of Contents 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A ordinary shares.

Similarly, if we issue debt or otherwise incur significant debt, it could result in:

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial Business Combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver
 or renegotiation of that covenant;

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand;

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding;

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares;

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and
 other general corporate purposes;

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who
 have less debt.

Results of Operations

Our entire activity since inception up to December 31, 2022 was in preparation for our formation and the Initial Public Offering, and since the Initial Public Offering, the search for a prospective initial Business
 Combination. We will not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial Business Combination.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of approximately 1.2 million, which consisted of approximately 2.1 million in unrealized gains on marketable securities, dividends and interest held in Trust
 Account, which was partially offset by approximately 856,000 general and administrative expenses.

For the period from February 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net loss of approximately 3.0 million, which consisted of general and administrative expenses of 1.2 million, partially offset by
 unrealized gain on investments of 30,000.

Going Concern

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 385,000 in our operating bank account and working capital deficit of approximately 2.3 million.

64 

Table of Contents 

Our liquidity needs to date have been satisfied through a contribution of 25,000 from Sponsor to cover for certain expenses in exchange for the issuance of the Founder Shares, the loan of approximately 151,000 from
 the Sponsor pursuant to the 300,000 unsecured, non-interest bearing promissory note (the Note that the Sponsor agreed to advance to the Company, and 2 million in proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust
 Account. We fully repaid the Note on July 15, 2021. Subsequent to the repayment, the loan facility was no longer available to us. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an
 affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company working capital loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no amounts outstanding under any working capital loan.

We cannot provide any assurance that new financing along the lines detailed above will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. Further, we have until July 15, 2023 to consummate a Business
 Combination, but we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to consummate a Business Combination by that date. If a Business Combination is not consummated by the required date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent
 dissolution. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 205-40, Basis of Presentation - Going Concern, 
 we have determined that the working capital deficit and mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern until the earlier of the consummation of the Business Combination
 or the date we are required to liquidate. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. We intend to complete our initial Business Combination before the
 mandatory liquidation date; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to consummate any Business Combination by July 15, 2023. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities should we be required to
 liquidate after July 15, 2023, nor do these financial statements include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going
 concern.

Contractual Obligations

Administrative Support Agreement

Commencing on the effective date of the registration statement on Form S-1 related to the Initial Public Offering through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business Combination and our liquidation, we
 reimburse the Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month.

We incurred approximately 120,000 and 56,000 in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 22, 2021
 (inception) through December 31, 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 90,000 and 0, respectively, included in due to related party on the balance sheets.

Registration Rights

The holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares, including Private Placement Shares that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration
 and shareholder rights agreement signed upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition,
 the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of a Business Combination. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that we will not
 permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period, which occurs (i) in the case of the Founder Shares, in accordance with the letter agreement that our initial
 shareholders entered into and (ii) in the case of the Private Placement Shares, 30 days after the completion of our Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

65 

Table of Contents 

Underwriting Agreement

We granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 1,950,000 additional Public Shares to cover over-allotments at the Initial
 Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On July 15, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option.

The underwriters were paid an underwriting discount of 0.20 per Public Share, or approximately 3.0 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, 0.35 per Public
 Share, or approximately 5.2 million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the
 event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. On August 8, 2022, the Company received a waiver from one of the underwriters of its Initial Public Offering pursuant to which such underwriter
 waived all rights to its 50 share of the deferred underwriting commissions payable upon completion of an initial Business Combination. In connection with this waiver, the underwriter also agreed that (i) this waiver is not intended to allocate
 its 50 portion of the deferred underwriting commissions to the other underwriter that has not waived its right to receive its share of the deferred underwriting commissions and (ii) the waived portion of the deferred underwriting commissions
 can, at the discretion of the Company, be paid to one or more parties or otherwise be used in connection with an initial Business Combination. 

Critical Accounting Policies

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

We account for our Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in FASB ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory
 redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of
 the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A ordinary shares are classified as shareholders deficit. Our Class A
 ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 14,950,000 Class A ordinary shares subject
 to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of our balance sheets.

The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to equal the redemption value at the end of
 each reporting period. This method would view the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date for the security. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized the accretion from initial
 book value to redemption amount, which resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit . 

Net income (loss) per ordinary shares

We have two classes of shares: Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net
 income (loss) by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the periods. Accretion associated with the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value
 approximates fair value.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K.

66 

Table of Contents 

JOBS Act

The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth
 company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting
 standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, the financial statements may not be
 comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates.

Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an
 emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that
 may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain
 executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the executive compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years
 following the completion of our Initial Public Offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier.

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item.

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Reference is made to Pages F-1 through F-17 included at the end of this Report.

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the
 effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our chief executive
 officer and chief financial officer have concluded that during the period covered by this Report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022, because of a material weakness in our internal control over
 financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim
 financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Specifically, the Company's management has concluded that our control around the interpretation and accounting for extinguishment of a significant contingent obligation in
 connection with the Waiver was not effectively designed or maintained. In light of this material weakness, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP.
 Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Report present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented.

67 

Table of Contents 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
 internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for
 external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

1. pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
 reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

2. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
 recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

3. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
 timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our
 consolidated financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the
 policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of
 Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control --Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that our internal controls over financial reporting were not
 effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Except as disclosed above and below, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
 of the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer performed additional accounting and financial analyses and other post-closing
 procedures including consulting with subject matter experts related to the accounting for complex financial instruments. The Company's management has expended, and will continue to expend, a substantial amount of effort and resources for the
 remediation and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to properly identify and evaluate the appropriate accounting technical pronouncements and other literature for all significant or unusual
 transactions, we have expanded and will continue to improve these processes to ensure that the nuances of such transactions are effectively evaluated in the context of the increasingly complex accounting standards.

Item 9B. 

Other Information

None.

Item 9C. 

Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.

Not Applicable.

68 

Table of Contents 

PART III

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

Directors and Executive Officers

As of the date of this Report, our directors and officers are as follows:

Name

Age

Position

Joseph Edelman

67

Chairman

Adam Stone

43

Chief Executive Officer and Director

Michael Altman

41

Chief Financial Officer and Director

Konstantin Poukalov

39

Chief Business Officer

Todd Wider

58

Director

Jake Bauer

44

Director

Sanjiv K. Patel

49

Director

Debra Yu

58

Director

Joseph Edelman serves as the Chairman of our board of directors since March 2021. Mr. Edelman is Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Portfolio Manager of
 Perceptive Advisors. Since May 2020, Mr. Edelman is also serving as a director of Athira Pharma, Inc. (Nasdaq: ATHA). He has also served as Chairman of the board of directors of ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV (Nasdaq: ARYD) since January 2021,
 and served as the Chairman of ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp. from October 2018 to June 2020, ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp II from July 2020 to October 2020 and ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp III from August 2020 to June 2021. Prior to founding
 Perceptive Advisors, Mr. Edelman was a Senior Analyst at Aries Fund, a Paramount Capital Asset Management biotechnology hedge fund, from 1994 through 1998. Prior to that position, Mr. Edelman was a Senior Biotechnology Analyst at Prudential
 Securities from 1990 to 1994. Mr. Edelman started his career in the healthcare sector of the securities industry as a Biotechnology Analyst at Labe, Simpson from 1987 to 1990. Mr. Edelman earned an MBA from New York University and a BA, magna cum
 laude, in psychology from the University of California San Diego. We believe that Mr. Edelman s broad operational and transactional experience make him well qualified to serve as the Chairman of our board of directors.

Adam Stone , our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of directors since March 2021, joined Perceptive Advisors in 2006 and has acted as Chief
 Investment Officer since 2012 and is a member of the internal investment committees of Perceptive Advisors credit opportunities and venture funds. Mr. Stone currently also serves as the Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the board of
 directors of ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV (Nasdaq: ARYD) since January 2021, as well as on the board of directors of Solid Biosciences (Nasdaq: SLDB), LianBio (Nasdaq: LIAN), and Xontogeny, which are portfolio companies of Perceptive
 Advisors. Following the consummation of the business combination of ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp. with Immatics Biotechnologies GmbH in July 2020, Mr. Stone also serves on the supervisory board of Immatics N.V. (Nasdaq: IMTX). Previously, Mr.
 Stone served as the Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the board of directors of ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp. from October 2018 to June 2020, ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp II from July 2020 to October 2020 and ARYA Sciences
 Acquisition Corp III from August 2020 to June 2021. Prior to joining Perceptive Advisors, Mr. Stone was a Senior Analyst at Ursus Capital from 2001 to 2006 where he focused on biotechnology and specialty pharmaceuticals. Mr. Stone graduated, with
 honors, from Princeton University with a BA in molecular biology. We believe that Mr. Stone s broad operational and transactional experience, and his position as Chief Executive Officer, make him well qualified to serve on our board of directors.

69 

Table of Contents 

Michael Altman , CFA, our Chief Financial Officer and a member of our board of directors since March 2021, joined Perceptive Advisors in 2007, is a Managing
 Director on the investment team and is a member of the internal investment committee of Perceptive Advisors credit opportunities fund. Mr. Altman s focus is on medical devices, diagnostics, digital health and specialty pharmaceuticals. Mr.
 Altman also serves on the boards of directors of Vitruvius Therapeutics and Lyra Therapeutics (Nasdaq: LYRA), which are portfolio companies of Perceptive Advisors. Mr. Altman has also served as the Chief Financial Officer and on the board of
 directors of ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV (Nasdaq: ARYD) since January 2021, and served as Chief Financial Officer and as a member of the board of directors of ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp. from October 2018 to June 2020, ARYA Sciences
 Acquisition Corp II from July 2020 to October 2020 and ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp III from August 2020 to June 2021. Since June 2021, Mr. Altman also serves as a director of Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. (Nasdaq: NAUT). Mr. Altman graduated
 from the University of Vermont with a BS in Business Administration. We believe that Mr. Altman s broad operational and transactional experience make him well qualified to serve on our board of directors.

Konstantin Poukalov , our Chief Business Officer since March 2021, joined Perceptive Advisors in March 2019 and is a Managing Director at Perceptive
 Advisors, where he is focusing on various strategies across the Perceptive platforms. Mr. Poukalov also serves as the Chief Business Officer of ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV (Nasdaq: ARYD) since January 2021, as well as on the boards of
 directors of Lyra Therapeutics (Nasdaq: LYRA) since January 2020, Landos Biopharma, Inc. (Nasdaq: LABP) since August 2019 and LianBio (Nasdaq: LIAN) since October 2019, which are portfolio companies of Perceptive Advisors. Mr. Poukalov previously
 served as Chief Business Officer of ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp III from August 2020 to June 2021. From July 2012 to October 2018, Mr. Poukalov served in roles of increasing responsibility at Kadmon Holdings (NYSE: KDMN) Kadmon ), most
 recently serving as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from July 2014 to October 2018. Prior to joining Kadmon, Mr. Poukalov was a member of the healthcare investment banking group at Jefferies LLC Jefferies from 2009 to
 2012, focusing on companies across the life sciences and biotechnology sectors. Prior to Jefferies, Mr. Poukalov was a member of UBS Investment Bank, focusing on the healthcare industry from 2006 to 2009. Mr. Poukalov graduated from Stony Brook
 University with a bachelor s degree in Electrical Engineering.

Todd Wider has served on our board of directors since July 2021. Dr. Wider is the Executive Chairman and Chief Medical Officer of Emendo Biotherapeutics,
 which focuses on highly specific and differentiated gene editing. Dr. Wider has served on the board of directors of ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV (Nasdaq: ARYD) since January 2021 and Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (Nasdaq: ABEO) since May 2015.
 Dr. Wider previously consulted with a number of entities in the biotechnology space. Dr. Wider is an active, honorary member of the medical staff of Mount Sinai Hospital in New York, where he worked for over 20 years, and is a plastic and
 reconstructive surgeon who focused on cancer surgery. Dr. Wider received an MD from Columbia College of Physicians and Surgeons, where he was Rudin Fellow, and an AB, with high honors and Phi Beta Kappa, from Princeton University. He did his
 residency in general surgery and plastic and reconstructive surgery at Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center, and postdoctoral fellowships in complex reconstructive surgery at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, where he was Chief Microsurgery
 Fellow, and in craniofacial surgery at the University of Miami. Dr. Wider is also a principal in Wider Film Projects, a documentary film company focusing on producing films with sociopolitical resonance. We believe that Dr. Wider s experience in
 the healthcare and life sciences industries make him well qualified to serve on our board of directors.

Jake Bauer serves on our board of directors since July 2021. Mr. Bauer also is a Venture
 Partner at ARCH Venture Partners since July 2021 and SR One Capital Management since September 2021. Prior to MyoKardia Inc. s acquisition by Bristol Myers Squibb (NYSE: BMY) in November 2020, Mr. Bauer served
 as the Chief Business Officer of MyoKardia, Inc. since April 2018. Mr. Bauer has also served as the Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Development and Principal Financial Officer of MyoKardia, Inc. from July 2016 to April 2018 and as
 the Vice President, Business Development and Business Operations of MyoKardia, Inc. from July 2014 to July 2016. Mr. Bauer also serves on the board of directors of Enliven Therapeutics, Inc. since June 2021, Attralus, Inc. since July 2021,
 Simcha Therapeutics, Inc. since January 2022 andPhoenix Tissue Repair, Inc. since November 2018. He also served as a director of ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp II from July 2020 to October 2020. Prior to joining MyoKardia, Inc., Mr. Bauer has
 served as Vice President, Business Operations and head of corporate development at Ablexis, LLC Ablexis ), a biotechnology company, from May 2011 to July 2014. At Ablexis, he led the development and implementation of the company s corporate
 strategy and business development activities and oversaw business operations. Prior to Ablexis, Mr. Bauer has served as a principal at Third Rock Ventures from 2007 to 2011, where he identified, evaluated and developed new opportunities for
 investment, assisted with startup, corporate development and operations of portfolio companies, and negotiated financings. While at Third Rock Ventures, he was actively involved in a variety of leading biopharmaceutical companies including
 Agios Pharmaceuticals, Inc., CytomX Therapeutics Inc., and Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. Prior to Third Rock Ventures, Mr. Bauer served in roles in the investment group at Royalty Pharma AG and the business development group at Endo
 Pharmaceuticals Inc. and was previously a management consultant at Putnam Associates. Mr. Bauer holds a BS in biology and a BA in economics from Duke University and an MBA from Harvard Business School. We believe that Mr. Bauer s experience in
 the healthcare and life sciences industries make him well qualified to serve on our board of directors. 

70 

Table of Contents 

Sanjiv K. Patel, M.D. serves on our board of directors since July 2021. He has also served as director, President and Chief Executive Officer of Relay
 Therapeutics, Inc. since March 2017 and as a director of Prothena Corporation plc (Nasdaq: PRTA) since May 2021. Before joining Relay Therapeutics, Inc., Dr. Patel served in various roles at Allergan from 2006 to 2017. He most recently served as
 Allergan s Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy Officer from March 2015 to March 2017 and previously as Corporate Vice President, Global Strategic Marketing and Global Health Outcomes from July 2013 to March 2015. Prior to this, he was a
 management consultant at The Boston Consulting Group and practiced as a surgeon within the UK s National Health Service. Dr. Patel holds a MBBS from University of London, a MA in Medical Sciences from the University of Cambridge, a MRCS from the
 Royal College of Surgeons of England and an MBA from INSEAD. We believe Dr. Patel is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive experience in the life sciences industry as well as his experience as an executive
 at various pharmaceutical companies.

Debra Yu, M.D. , serves on our board of
 directors since July 2021. Since March 2023, Dr. Yu serves as Chief Operating Officer and Partner of Panacea Ventures. She also serves as a director of JW (Cayman) Therapeutics Co. Ltd. (HKG:2126) since March 2023 and MeiraGTx Holdings plc
 (NASDAQ:MGTX) since April 2022. Previously, Dr. Yu served as President of LianBio, a company focused on developing therapeutic medicines in China, from September 2019 until December 2022, where she also served as Chief Business Officer from
 October 2019 to September 2021 and Chief strategy Officer from October 2021 to December 2022. Prior to that, Dr. Yu was a Managing Director and the Head of Cross Border Healthcare Investment Banking at China Renaissance Securities (U.S.) from
 August 2016 to September 2019 and has served as a Managing Director of Labrador Advisors from May 2009 to June 2016, where she advised numerous cross-border partnerships and licensing transactions. Dr. Yu served as VP Strategy for Wuxiapptec in
 2008-2009 and from 2004 to 2008, Dr. Yu was Senior Director and Team Leader at Pfizer and helped to architect and co-lead Pfizer's venture capital team and a member of Pfizer's Worldwide Business Development organization. Dr. Yu was a bay area
 venture investor, serving as General Partner of Delphi Ventures from 1995 to 1998 and Managing Director of Bay City Capital 1998 to 2001. She also held positions at McKinsey Co. in New York and London from 1992 to 1995. She began her
 career as an analyst at Morgan Stanley. Dr. Yu received a BA with high honors in Molecular Biology from Princeton University and earned an MD from Harvard Medical School. . We believe Dr. Yu is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to her extensive experience in the life
 sciences industry. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors

Our board of directors is divided into three classes (Class I, II and III). Only one class of directors will be elected in each year, and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual
 general meeting of shareholders) will serve a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Sanjiv K. Patel and Debra Yu, will expire at our first annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the
 second class of directors, consisting of Todd Wider and Jake Bauer, will expire at our second annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Joseph Edelman, Adam Stone and Michael Altman, will
 expire at our third annual meeting of shareholders.

Prior to the completion of an initial Business Combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion
 of an initial Business Combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason.

71 

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial Business Combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board
 of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement.

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the
 offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of one or more chairman of the
 board, chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief business officer, president, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors.

Director Independence

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its
 subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship with the company which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, could interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a
 director. Our board of directors has determined that Joseph Edelman, Todd Wider, Jake Bauer, Sanjiv K. Patel and Debra Yu are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors
 will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.

Committees of the Board of Directors

Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a nominating committee and a compensation committee. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board and has the
 composition and responsibilities described below. The charters of each committee are available on our website.

Audit Committee

We established an audit committee of the board of directors. Todd Wider, Jake Bauer and Sanjiv K. Patel serve as members of our audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of Todd Wider, Jake
 Bauer and Sanjiv K. Patel are independent. Todd Wider serves as the Chairman of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee meets the financial literacy requirements of Nasdaq and our board of directors has determined that Todd Wider
 qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise.

The audit committee is responsible for:

meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems;

monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm;

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law;

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations;

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed;

appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm;

72 

Table of Contents 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the
 purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work;

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting
 policies;

monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of our Initial Public Offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance
 with the terms of our Initial Public Offering; and

reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of
 directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval.

Nominating Committee

We established a nominating committee of our board of directors. The members of our nominating committee are Todd Wider, Jake Bauer and Sanjiv K. Patel. Jake Bauer serves as chairman of the nominating committee. Our
 board of directors has determined that each of Todd Wider, Jake Bauer and Sanjiv K. Patel are independent.

The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management,
 shareholders, investment bankers and others.

Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees

The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in a charter adopted by us, generally provide that persons to be nominated:

should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service;

should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and

should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders.

The nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on
 the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and
 makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons.

Compensation Committee

We established a compensation committee of our board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Todd Wider, Jake Bauer and Sanjiv K. Patel. Sanjiv. K. Patel serves as chairman of the compensation
 committee.

73 

Table of Contents 

Our board of directors has determined that each of Todd Wider, Jake Bauer and Sanjiv K. Patel. Sanjiv are independent. We adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the
 compensation committee, including:

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and
 determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation;

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers;

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans;

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees;

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.

The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and is directly responsible for the
 appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the
 independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors.

Code of Ethics

We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon written request to our principal executive offices. We intend to
 disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8 K.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our ordinary shares to file reports of ownership and
 changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such Forms, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022 there
 were no delinquent filers.

Conflicts of Interest

Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties:

duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole;

74 

Table of Contents 

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose;

directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion;

duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders;

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and

duty to exercise independent judgment.

In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge,
 skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director.

As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some
 instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders; provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and
 restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at shareholder meetings.

Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including entities that are affiliates of our sponsor,
 pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable
 for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their
 fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination.

Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships:

INDIVIDUAL

ENTITY

ENTITY S BUSINESS

AFFILIATION

Joseph Edelman

Perceptive Advisors, LLC

Hedge Fund

Chief Executive Officer and Portfolio Manager

Athira Pharma, Inc.

Biotechnology

Director

ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV

Special Purpose Acquisition Company

Chairman

Adam Stone

Perceptive Advisors, LLC

Hedge Fund

Chief Investment Officer

Solid Biosciences

Pharmaceuticals

Director

LianBio

Biotechnology

Director

Xontogeny

Biotechnology

Director

Immatics N.V.

Biotechnology

Director

ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV

Special Purpose Acquisition Company

Chief Executive Officer and Director

Michael Altman

Perceptive Advisors, LLC

Hedge Fund

Managing Director

Vitruvius Therapeutics

Pharmaceuticals

Director

75 

Table of Contents 

INDIVIDUAL 

ENTITY 

ENTITY S BUSINESS 

AFFILIATION 

Lyra Therapeutics

Healthcare

Director

Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc.

Biotechnology

Director

ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV

Special Purpose Acquisition Company

Chief Financial Officer and Director

Konstantin Poukalov

Perceptive Advisors, LLC

Hedge Fund

Managing Director

Lyra Therapeutics

Healthcare

Director

Landos Biopharma, Inc.

Healthcare

Director

LianBio

Biotechnology

Director

ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV

Special Purpose Acquisition Company

Chief Business Officer

Todd Wider

Abeona Therapeutics, Inc.

Pharmaceuticals

Director

Emendo Biotherapeutics

Biopharmaceuticals

Director

ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp IV

Special Purpose Acquisition Company

Director

Jake Bauer

Phoenix Tissue Repair, Inc.

Biopharmaceuticals

Director

Enliven Therapeutics, Inc.

Biopharmaceuticals

Director

Attralus, Inc.

Biopharmaceuticals

Director

Simcha Therapeutics, Inc

Biopharmaceuticals

Director

ARCH Venture Partners

Venture Capital

Venture Partner

SR One Capital Management

Venture Capital

Venture Partner

Sanjiv K. Patel

Relay Therapeutics, Inc.

Precision Medicine

President and Chief Executive Officer

Prothena Corporation plc

Investigational Therapeutics

Director

Debra Yu

Panacea Venture

Venture Capital Fund

Partner and Chief Operating Officer

JW (Cayman) Therapeutics Co. Ltd.

Biotechnology Company

Director

MeiraGTx Holdings plc

Biotechnology Company

Director

Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest:

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a Business
 Combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which
 he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs.

76 

Table of Contents 

Our sponsor subscribed for founder shares in March 2021 and purchased private placement shares in a transaction that closed simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering. In June 2021,
 our sponsor transferred 30,000 founder shares to each of Todd Wider, Jake Bauer, Sanjiv K. Patel and Debra Yu. Our sponsor and our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive
 their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares purchased during or after our Initial Public Offering in connection with (i) the completion of our initial Business
 Combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A
 ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within 24 months from the
 closing of our Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Additionally, our sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating
 distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder shares if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination within the required time period. If we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the
 required time period, the private placement shares will be worthless. Except as described herein, our sponsor and our management team have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A)
 one year after the completion of our initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to our initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for
 share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on
 which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other
 property. With certain limited exceptions, the private placement shares will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial Business Combination. Because each of our executive officers and director own
 ordinary shares directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial Business Combination.

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular Business Combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by
 a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial Business Combination.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial Business Combination or subsequent transaction with a company that is affiliated with Perceptive Advisors or our sponsor, founders, officers or directors. In the event
 we seek to complete our initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with Perceptive Advisors, our sponsor or any of our founders, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from
 an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or accounting firm that such initial Business Combination or transaction is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in
 any other context. Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services
 they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial Business Combination. Further, on the effective date of the registration statement relating to our Initial Public Offering, we reimburse our sponsor for office space, secretarial
 and administrative services provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month.

We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor.

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial Business Combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder
 meeting are voted in favor of the Business Combination. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in favor of our initial Business
 Combination (for more information on voting and permitted purchases of public shares, see Item 1. Business Effectuating Our
 Initial Business Combination Permitted Purchases of Our Securities and Other Tr ansactions with Respect to Our Securities ).

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors

Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held
 by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful
 neglect. We entered into agreements with our directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We purchased a policy
 of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and
 directors.

77 

Table of Contents 

Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they
 may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to
 their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial Business Combination.

Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the
 likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we
 pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.

We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors.

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation

Executive Officer and Director Compensation

In June 2021, our sponsor transferred 30,000 founder shares to each of Todd Wider, Jake Bauer, Sanjiv K. Patel and Debra Yu. None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for
 services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on the Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of our initial Business Combination and our liquidation, we reimburse our sponsor for office space, secretarial
 and administrative services provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
 connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our
 sponsor, executive officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial Business Combination are made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such
 reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in
 connection with identifying and consummating an initial Business Combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, is paid by the company to our sponsor, executive
 officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial Business Combination.

After the completion of our initial Business Combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be
 fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed Business Combination. We have not established any limit on the
 amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed Business Combination, because the directors of the
 post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination,
 either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors.

78 

Table of Contents 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial Business Combination, although it is possible that some or all
 of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial Business Combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their
 positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial Business Combination will
 be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential Business Combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of December 31, 2022 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial
 ownership of our ordinary shares, by:

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares;

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our ordinary shares; and

all our executive officers and directors as a group.

In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 14,950,000, Class A ordinary shares, 499,000 private placement shares, and 3,737,500 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Voting
 power represents the combined voting power of Class A ordinary shares, private placement shares, and Class B ordinary shares owned beneficially by such person. On all matters to be voted upon, the holders of the Class A ordinary shares and the
 Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class. Currently, all of the Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis.

Class B ordinary shares

Class A ordinary shares

Ordinary 

 shares

Name of Beneficial Owners (1) 

Number of 

 Shares 

 Beneficially 

 Owned

Approximate 

Percentage of 

 Class

Number of 

 Shares 

 Beneficially 

 Owned

Approximate 

 Percentage of 

 Class

Approximate 

 Percentage of 

 Voting 

 Control (2) 

Arya Sciences Holdings V (our sponsor) (3) 

3,617,500

96.8

499,000

3.2

21.5

Joseph Edelman (4) 

-

-

-

-

-

Adam Stone (3) 

3,617,500

96.8

499,000

3.2

21.5

Michael Altman (3) 

3,617,500

96.8

499,000

3.2

21.5

Konstantin Poukalov (4) 

-

-

-

-

-

Jake Bauer 

30,000

-

-

Todd Wider

30,000

-

-

Sanjiv K. Patel 

30,000

-

-

Debra Yu

30,000

-

-

All officers and directors as a group (eight individuals)

3,737,500

100

499,000

3.2

22.1

RA Capital Management, L.P. (5) 

-

-

1,000,000

6.5

5.2

683 Capital Management, LLC (6) 

-

-

1,000,000

6.5

5.2

Citadel Advisors LLC (7) 

-

-

1,062,352

6.9

5.5

Aristeia Capital, L.L.C. (8) 

-

-

1,354,935

8.8

7.1

79 

Table of Contents 

Less than one percent.

(1) 

Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 51 Astor Place, 10 th Floor, New York, NY 10003.

(2) 

Assuming the automatic conversion of Class B ordinary shares into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the Company s initial Business Combination.

(3) 

The sponsor is the record holder of the Class B ordinary shares. The sponsor is governed by a board of directors consisting of two directors, Adam Stone and Michael Altman. As such, Messrs. Stone and Altman have voting and investment
 discretion with respect to the securities held of record by the sponsor and may be deemed to have shared beneficial ownership of the Class B ordinary shares held directly by the sponsor.

(4) 

Does not include any shares indirectly owned by this individual because of his ownership interest in our sponsor.

(5) 

Includes Class A ordinary shares beneficially held by RA Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership RA Capital ), Peter Kolchinsky, a United States citizen, Rajeev Shah, a United States citizen, and RA Capital
 Healthcare Fund, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Fund ), based solely on the Schedule 13G filed jointly by RA Capital, Peter Kolchinsky, Rajeev Shah, and the Fund, with the SEC on July 23, 2021. RA Capital Healthcare Fund GP,
 LLC is the general partner of the Fund. The general partner of RA Capital is RA Capital Management GP, LLC, of which Dr. Kolchinsky and Mr. Shah are the controlling persons. RA Capital serves as investment adviser for the Fund and the
 Account and may be deemed a beneficial owner, for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, of any Class A ordinary shares held by the Fund and the Account. The Fund has delegated to RA Capital the sole power to vote and the sole
 power to dispose of all securities held in the Fund s portfolio, including the Class A ordinary shares reported herein. Because the Fund has divested voting and investment power over the reported securities it holds and may not revoke
 that delegation on less than 61 days notice, the Fund disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities it holds for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act. As managers of RA Capital, Dr. Kolchinsky and Mr. Shah may be deemed
 beneficial owners, for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, of any Class A ordinary shares beneficially owned by RA Capital. RA Capital, Dr. Kolchinsky, and Mr. Shah disclaim ownership of the Class A ordinary shares other than
 for the purpose of determining their obligations under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act. The business address of each of RA Capital Management, L.P., Peter Kolchinsky, Rajeev Shah, and RA Capital Healthcare Fund, L.P. is c/o RA Capital
 Management, L.P., 200 Berkeley Street, 18th Floor, Boston MA 02116.

(6) 

Includes Class A ordinary shares beneficially held by 683 Capital Management, LLC, 683 Capital Partners, LP and Ari Zweiman, based solely on the Schedule 13G filed jointly with the SEC on February 14, 2023. 683 Capital Management, LLC,
 as the investment manager of 683 Capital Partners, LP, may be deemed to have beneficially owned the 1,000,000 Class A ordinary shares beneficially owned by 683 Capital Partners, LP. Ari Zweiman, as the Managing Member of 683 Capital
 Management, LLC, may be deemed to have beneficially owned the 1,000,000 Class A ordinary shares beneficially owned by 683 Capital Management, LLC. 683 Capital Management, LLC is a Delaware limited liability company. 683 Capital Partners,
 LP is a Delaware limited partnership. Ari Zweiman is a citizen of the United States. The business address of each of 683 Capital Management, LLC, 683 Capital Partners, LP and Ari Zweiman is 1700 Broadway, Suite 4200, New York, New York
 10019.

(7) 

Includes Class A ordinary shares beneficially held by Citadel Multi-Strategy Equities Master Fund Ltd., a Cayman Islands company CM ), and Citadel Securities LLC Citadel Securities ), based solely on the Schedule 13G filed jointly
 by Citadel Advisors LLC Citadel Advisors ), Citadel Advisors Holdings LP CAH ), Citadel GP LLC CGP ), Citadel Securities, Citadel Securities Group LP CALC4 ), Citadel Securities GP LLC CSGP and Mr. Kenneth Griffin
 (collectively with Citadel Advisors, CAH, CGP, Citadel Securities, CALC4 and CSGP, the Citadel Reporting Persons with the SEC on February 14, 2023. Citadel Advisors is the portfolio manager for CM. CAH is the sole member of Citadel
 Advisors. CGP is the general partner of CAH. CALC4 is the non-member manager of Citadel Securities. CSGP is the general partner of CALC4. Mr. Griffin is the President and Chief Executive Officer of CGP, and owns a controlling interest in
 CGP and CSGP. The business address of each of the Citadel Reporting Persons is Southeast Financial Center, 200 S. Biscayne Blvd., Suite 3300, Miami, Florida 33131.

(8) 

Includes Class A ordinary shares beneficially held by one or more private investment funds, for which Aristeia Capital, LLC is the investment manager with voting and investment control, based solely on the Schedule 13G filed jointly
 with the SEC on February 14, 2023. Aristeia Capital, LLC is a Delaware limited liability company. The business address of each of Aristeia Capital, LLC is One Greenwich Plaza, 3 rd Floor, Greenwich, CT 06830.

80 

Table of Contents 

Changes in Control

None.

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

On March 18, 2021, we issued 3,737,500 founder shares to our sponsor in exchange for a capital contribution of 25,000, or approximately 0.007 per share. In June 2021, our sponsor transferred 30,000 founder shares
 to each of Todd Wider, Jake Bauer, Sanjiv K. Patel and Debra Yu. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares (excluding the
 private placement shares) upon completion of our Initial Public Offering. The founder shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold
 by the holder.

Our sponsor purchased, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase 499,000 private placement shares for a purchase price of 10.00 per share in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of
 our Initial Public Offering. As such, our sponsor s interest in this transaction is valued at 4,990,000. The private placement shares may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder.

If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations,
 he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over
 their duties to us.

We currently maintain our executive offices at 51 Astor Place, 10 th Floor, New York, New York 10003. The cost for our use of this space
 is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services, commencing on the effective date of the registration statement related to our Initial Public Offering. Upon completion of our
 initial Business Combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees.

No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with
 the completion of an initial Business Combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing
 due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the
 amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf.

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not
 obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial Business Combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not
 close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into shares
 at a price of 10.00 per share at the option of the lender. The shares would be identical to the private placement shares. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist
 with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, members of our management team or any of their affiliates as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver
 against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.

81 

Table of Contents 

After our initial Business Combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to
 our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender
 offer materials or at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider our initial Business Combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.

We entered into a registration and shareholder rights agreement pursuant to which our initial shareholders, and their permitted transferees, if any, will be entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the
 private placement shares, including the private placement shares issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of the founder shares. Further, pursuant to an agreement entered
 into at closing of our Initial Public Offering, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial Business Combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds
 any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement.

Our sponsor has indicated an interest to purchase up to an aggregate of 25,000,000 of our ordinary shares in a private placement that would occur concurrently with the consummation of our initial Business
 Combination. The funds from such private placement would be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in our initial Business Combination, and any excess funds from such private placement would be used for working capital in the
 post-Business Combination company. However, because indications of interest are not binding agreements or commitments to purchase, our sponsor may determine not to purchase any such shares, or to purchase more or fewer shares than it has
 indicated an interest in purchasing. Furthermore, we are not under any obligation to sell any such shares. Such investment would be made on terms and conditions determined at the time of the Business Combination.

Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions

The audit committee of our board of directors operates pursuant to a charter that provides for the review, approval and/or ratification of related party transactions, which are those transactions required to be
 disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the audit committee is provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party transaction, including the
 terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the
 committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in
 some or all of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction.

Director Independence

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its
 subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship with the company which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, could interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a
 director. Our board of directors has determined that Joseph Edelman, Todd Wider, Jake Bauer, Sanjiv K. Patel and Debra Yu are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors
 will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

The firm of WithumSmith+Brown, PC, or Withum, acts as our independent registered public accounting firm.

The following is a summary of fees paid to Withum for services rendered.

82 

Table of Contents 

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by
 Withum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Withum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and other required filings with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022
 and f or the period from February 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 , including services in connection with our Initial Public Offering, totaled 68,900 and 99,395, respectively. The above
 amounts include interim review procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings.

Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our
 year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. For the years
 ended December 31, 2022 and f or the period from February 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 , we did not pay Withum any audit-related fees.

Tax Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and f or the period from February 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 , we did not pay Withum any tax fees.

All Other Fees . All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from
 February 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 , we did not pay Withum any other fees.

83 

Table of Contents 

PART IV

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

(a) 

The following documents are filed as part of this Report:

(1) 

Financial Statements

See Index to Financial Statements at Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Report.

(2)

Financial Statement Schedules:

None.

(3) 

Exhibits

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the below exhibit index.

Exhibit No.

Description

3.1

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association.(1) 

4.1

Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate.(2) 

4.2

Description of Registrant s Securities 

10.1

Private Placement Shares Purchase Agreement between the Company and the Sponsor.(1) 

10.2

Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the
 Company.(1) 

10.3

Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement among the Company, the Sponsor and certain other
 equityholders named therein.(1) 

10.4

Letter Agreement among the Company, the Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors.(1) 

10.5

Administrative Services Agreement between the Company and the Sponsor.(1) 

10.6

Form of Indemnity Agreement.(2) 

21 

Subsidiaries of the Company . 

31.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 

31.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 

32.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

32.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith

Furnished herewith.

(1) 

Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 15, 2021.

(2) 

Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Form S-1, filed with the SEC on June 24, 2021.

84 

Table of Contents 

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary

Not applicable.

85 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
 authorized.

April 12, 2023

ARYA SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP V

/s/ Michael Altman

Name: 

Michael Altman

Title: 

Chief Financial Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Name

Position

Date

/s/ Joseph Edelman

Chairman of the Board of Directors

April 12, 2023

Joseph Edelman

/s/ Adam Stone

Chief Executive Officer and Director

April 12, 2023

Adam Stone

(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ Michael Altman 

Chief Financial Officer and Director

April 12, 2023

Michael Altman

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

/s/ Todd Wider

Director

April 12, 2023

Todd Wider

/s/ Jake Bauer

Director

April 12, 2023

Jake Bauer

/s/ Sanjiv K. Patel

Director

April 12, 2023

Sanjiv K. Patel

/s/ Debra Yu

Director

April 12, 2023

Debra Yu

86 

Table of Contents 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Page

Audited Financial Statements of ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp V:

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-3

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-4

Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-5

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-6

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7

F-1 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of

ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp V

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp V (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related
 statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes
 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its
 operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Emphasis of Matter Restatement of Unaudited Interim Financial Statements

As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company previously accounted for its deferred underwriting fee waiver as a
 forgiveness of debt and recorded a gain on its statements of operations. Management has since re-evaluated its accounting treatment for the forgiveness and has determined that the forgiveness should have been treated as a credit to
 shareholders deficit. Accordingly, the 2022 unaudited interim financial statements have been restated within Note 2 to correct the accounting and related disclosure for the forgiveness of the deferred underwriting fee.

Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company
 will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by July 15, 2023 then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent
 dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also
 described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
 financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
 with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
 reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial
 reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
 fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
 principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

, New York 

April 12, 2023 

PCAOB ID Number 100 

F-2 

Table of Contents 

ARYA SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP V

BALANCE SHEETS

DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Assets 

2022 

2021 

Current assets:

Cash

Prepaid expenses

Total current assets

Investments held in Trust Account

Total Assets

Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Due to related party

Total current liabilities

Deferred underwriting commissions

Total Liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption; 
 shares at redemption value of approximately and per share at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Shareholders Deficit:

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated deficit

Total shareholders deficit

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-3 

Table of Contents 

ARYA SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP V

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 22, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 

For the year ended 

 December 31, 2022 

For the period 

 from February 22,

 2021 (inception) 

 through 

 December 31, 2021 

General and administrative expenses

Loss from operations

Other income

Interest income and unrealized gain on investments held in Trust Account

Total other income 

Net income (loss)

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A ordinary share

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B ordinary share

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-4 

Table of Contents 

ARYA SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP V

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 22, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Ordinary Shares

Total 

Class A

Class B

Additional Paid-in

Accumulated 

Shareholders 

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

Deficit

Balance - February 22, 2021 (inception)

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor

Sale of private placement shares to Sponsor in private placement

Accretion on Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

-

-

Net loss

-

-

Balance - December 31, 2021

Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

- 

- 

Net income 

- 

- 

Balance - December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-5 

Table of Contents 

ARYA SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP V

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 22, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

For the year ended

 December 31,

 2022

For the period from

 February 22, 2021

 (inception) through

 December 31,

 2021

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income (loss)

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities:

General and administrative expenses advanced by related party

Interest income and unrealized gain on investments held in Trust Account

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Due to related party

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Cash deposited in Trust Account

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Proceeds from note payable to related party

Repayment of note payable and advances to related party

Proceeds received from initial public offering, gross

Proceeds received from private placement

Offering costs paid associated with initial public offering

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net change in cash

Cash - beginning of the period

Cash - end of the period

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities:

Extinguishment of deferred underwriting commissions allocated to public shares 

Offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares

Offering costs included in accrued expenses

Deferred underwriting commissions

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-6 

Table of Contents 

ARYA SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP V

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Class A ordinary shares (the Public Shares ), including the Public Shares as a result of the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option, at an offering price of per Public Share, generating gross proceeds of 
 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, inclusive of approximately million in deferred underwriting commissions (see Note 6). On August 8, 2022, the Company received a waiver from one of the underwriters of its
 Initial Public Offering pursuant to which such underwriter waived all rights to its share of the deferred underwriting commissions
 payable upon completion of an initial Business Combination. In connection with this waiver, the underwriter also agreed that (i) this waiver is not intended to allocate its portion of the deferred underwriting commissions to the other underwriter that has not waived its right to receive its share of the deferred underwriting commissions and
 (ii) the waived portion of the deferred underwriting commissions can, at the discretion of the Company, be paid to one or more parties or otherwise be used in connection with an initial Business Combination. 

Class A ordinary shares (the Private Placement Shares ), at a price of per Private Placement Share to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately 
 million (see Note 5).

million per Public Share) of the net proceeds of the Initial
 Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement were placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ), located in the United States, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and are invested only
 in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain
 conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust
 Account as described below.

or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of
 at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting commissions
 and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction
 company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest
 in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

F-7 

Table of Contents 

ARYA SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP V

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account
 and not previously released to the Company to pay income taxes). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the
 underwriters (as discussed in Note 6).

upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon,
 voted at a shareholder meeting are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to
 the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which the Company will adopt upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering (the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association ), conduct the redemptions
 pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transactions is required
 by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules.
 Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business
 Combination, the initial shareholders (as defined below) agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 5) and any Public Shares they hold in favor of a Business Combination. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public
 Offering, the Company will adopt an insider trading policy which will require insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing shares during certain blackout periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) to clear
 all trades with the Company s legal counsel prior to execution. In addition, the initial shareholders agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares and Public Shares in connection with the
 completion of a Business Combination.

of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, without the prior consent of the Company.

of the Company s Public Shares if the Company does not complete its Business Combination within from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or July 15, 2023, (the Combination Period ), or (b) with respect to any other provision
 relating to the rights of Public Shareholders, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment.

F-8 

Table of Contents 

ARYA SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP V

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public
 Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
 subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and
 the requirements of other applicable law.

per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the
 extent any claims by a third party (excluding the Company s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into
 a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per Public Share and (ii)
 the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 
 per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the assets in the Trust Account, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay for the Company s tax obligations. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a
 third party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain
 liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ).

,000 in its operating bank account, and working capital deficit of approximately 
 million.

from Sponsor to cover for certain expenses
 in exchange for the issuance of the Founder Shares, the loan of approximately from the Sponsor pursuant to the Note (as
 defined in Note 5) and advances from the Sponsor, and million in proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not
 held in the Trust Account. The Company fully repaid the Note on July 15, 2021. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the
 Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 5). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loan. 

F-9 

Table of Contents 

ARYA SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP V

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Loss from operations

Other income

Gain from settlement of deferred underwriting commissions

Unrealized gain on investments held in Trust Account

Total other income

Net income

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary share

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary share

Loss from operations

Other income

Gain from settlement of deferred underwriting commissions

Unrealized gain on investments held in Trust Account

Total other income

Net income

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary share

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary share

Adjustment of accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

-

-

-

-

Net income

-

-

-

-

Balance - September 30, 2022 (unaudited)

Adjustment of accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

-

-

-

-

Net income

-

-

-

-

Balance - September 30, 2022 (unaudited)

)

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in

 operating activities:

Gain from settlement of deferred underwriting commissions

)

Unrealized gain on investments held in Trust Account

)

)

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

-

Prepaid expenses

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

)

)

Due to related party

Net cash used in operating activities

)

)

Net change in cash

)

)

Cash - beginning of the period

Cash - end of the period

Supplemental disclosure of noncash activities:

Extinguishment of deferred underwriting commissions allocated to public shares

F-10 

Table of Contents 

ARYA SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP V

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

cash equivalents as of
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, aside from the cash maintained in the Trust Account (see Note 9).

F-11 

Table of Contents 

ARYA SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP V

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the
 shareholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets.

unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company s management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Company s only
 major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were unrecognized tax benefits and amounts were accrued for the payment
 of interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 

F-12 

Table of Contents 

ARYA SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP V

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Denominator:

Basic and diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share

Public Shares, including the Public Shares as a
 result of the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option, at an offering price of per Public Share,
 generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, inclusive of approximately million in
 deferred underwriting commissions. On
 August 8, 2022, the Company received a waiver from one of the underwriters of its Initial Public Offering pursuant to which such underwriter waived all rights to its share of the deferred underwriting commissions payable upon completion of an initial Business Combination. In connection with this waiver, the underwriter also agreed that (i) this
 waiver is not intended to allocate its portion of the deferred underwriting commissions to the other underwriter that has not
 waived its right to receive its share of the deferred underwriting commissions and (ii) the waived portion of the deferred underwriting commissions can, at the discretion of the Company, be paid to one or more parties or otherwise be used in
 connection with an initial Business Combination. 

to cover certain of the Company s expenses in exchange for the issuance of Class B ordinary shares, par value (the Founder Shares ). In June 2021, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of Founder Shares to the Company s independent director nominees. The Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares would represent of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares (excluding the Private Placement Shares) after the Initial Public Offering. On July
 15, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option to purchase additional Public Shares. As a result,
 the Class B ordinary shares were no longer subject to forfeiture.

F-13 

Table of Contents 

ARYA SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP V

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

after the completion of the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business
 Combination, (x) if the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share
 sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least 
 days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to
 exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property.

Private Placement Shares, at a price of per
 Private Placement Share to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately million. Certain proceeds from the Private
 Placement Shares were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. The Private Placement Shares were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. Certain proceeds from
 the Private Placement Shares have been added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. The Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell
 any of their Private Placement Shares until days after the completion of the initial Business Combination.

to cover for certain expenses on behalf of the Company. The Company fully repaid the advance from related party of approximately on April 5, 2021.

to cover for expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable upon the
 completion of the Initial Public Offering. The Company borrowed under the Note and fully repaid the Note amount on July
 15, 2021.

million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into shares of the post Business Combination entity at
 a price of per share. The shares would be identical to the Private Placement Shares. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
 Company had outstanding borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

F-14 

Table of Contents 

ARYA SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP V

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

per month. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company
 incurred expenses of approximately and , respectively, under this agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and , respectively, in due to related party on the balance sheets.

demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
 registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the Company s completion of its Business Combination. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit any
 registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period, which occurs (i) in the case of the Founder Shares, in accordance with the letter agreement the Company s initial
 shareholders entered into and (ii) in the case of the Private Placement Shares, 30 days after the completion of the Company s Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such
 registration statements.

-day

option from the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to additional Public Shares to
 cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On July 15, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option.

per Public Share, or approximately million in the aggregate, paid
 upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, per Public Share, or approximately million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the
 underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

share of the deferred underwriting commissions payable upon completion of an initial Business Combination. In connection with this waiver, the
 underwriter also agreed that (i) this waiver is not intended to allocate its portion of the deferred underwriting commissions
 to the other underwriter that has not waived its right to receive its share of the deferred underwriting commissions and (ii) the waived portion of the deferred underwriting commissions can, at the discretion of the Company, be paid to one or
 more parties or otherwise be used in connection with an initial Business Combination. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company derecognized approximately million of the deferred underwriting commissions and recorded an adjustment to the carrying value of the shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible
 redemption. 

F-15 

Table of Contents 

ARYA SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP V

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible
 redemption.

Less:

Offering costs allocated to Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Plus:

Accretion on Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Waiver of defreed underwriting commission 

Less 

Adjustment for accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 

preference shares with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s
 board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding.

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares are entitled to 
 vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, of
 which shares were subject to possible redemption and classified in temporary equity (see Note 7).

Class B ordinary shares with a par value of 
 per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding (see Note 5).

vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders at a general meeting of the Company. Holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted
 to a vote of the shareholders except as required by law.

of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding (excluding the Private Placement Shares) upon the consummation of the Initial Public
 Offering, plus (ii) the sum of the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or
 in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any
 seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Shares issued to the Sponsor, members of the Company s management team or any of their affiliates upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. In no event will the Class B
 ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than -to- .

F-16 

Table of Contents 

ARYA SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP V

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Cash equivalents - money market funds

Cash equivalents - money market funds

transfers between levels of the hierarchy for the years ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Level
 1 instruments include investments U.S. Treasury securities with an original maturity of days or less.

F-17 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 brhc10049513_ex4-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.2

Exhibit 4.2

ARYA SCIENCES ACQUISITION CORP V

 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

The following summary of the material terms of the securities of ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp V is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such securities and is subject to and qualified by reference to our
 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and applicable Cayman Islands law. We urge you to read our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association in their entirety for a complete description of the rights and
 preferences of our securities.

Certain Terms

Unless otherwise stated in this exhibit to the Report or the context otherwise requires, references to:

Companies Act are to the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; company, we, us, our, or our company are to ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp V, a Cayman Islands exempted
 company;

founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement prior to our Initial Public Offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the
 Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares 

initial shareholders are to our sponsor and independent directors;

Initial Public Offering refers to our initial public offering for our Class A ordinary shares;

management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors (including our directors who became directors at the consummation of our Initial Public Offering);

ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares;

private placement shares are to the Class A ordinary shares issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering (which private placement shares are identical to the shares sold in
 our Initial Public Offering, subject to certain limited exceptions) and upon conversion of working capital loans;

public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor s and each member
 of our management team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares;

public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares to be sold in our Initial Public Offering (whether they are purchased in our Initial Public Offering or thereafter in the open market); and

sponsor refers to ARYA Sciences Holdings V, a Cayman Islands exempted limited company.

General

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum
 and articles of association, we are authorized to issue 479,000,000 Class A ordinary shares and 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, as well as 1,000,000 preference shares, 0.0001 par value each. The following description summarizes certain terms
 of our shares as set out more particularly in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you.

Ordinary Shares

Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, 19,186,500 of our ordinary shares were issued and outstanding, including:

14,950,000 Class A ordinary shares issued as part of our Initial Public Offering;

499,000 private placement shares issued simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering; and

3,737,500 Class B ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders.

Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders at a general meeting of the Company. Holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote
 together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the
 Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by the holders of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of
 certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the holders of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares that are voted, and pursuant to our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Our board of directors is divided into
 three classes, each of which will generally serve for terms of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of
 more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor.
 Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. In
 addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by holders representing at least two-thirds of our issued and outstanding Class B ordinary
 shares.

Because our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 479,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business
 combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our
 initial business combination.

Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a three-year term.
 In accordance with the corporate governance requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq ), we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. As an exempted company,
 there is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or shareholder meetings to elect directors. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business
 combination. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial
 business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason.

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on
 deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income
 taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute
 to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights may include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to
 valid redeem its shares. Our sponsor and our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and any public
 shares purchased during or after our Initial Public Offering in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our
 public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares.
 Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial
 business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rule and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our
 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and
 restated memorandum and articles of association require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s
 proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to
 redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the ordinary
 shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder meeting are voted in favor of the business combination. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in
 privately-negotiated transactions (as described in the final prospectus), if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such
 initial business combination unless restricted by applicable Nasdaq rules. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business
 combination once a quorum is obtained. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require that at least five clear days notice will be given of any shareholder meeting.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted
 from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering, without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders 
 ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business
 combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if
 we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions,
 potentially at a loss.

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder meeting are voted in favor of
 the business combination. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination (for more information on
 voting and permitted purchases of public shares see Item 1. Business - Effectuating Our Initial Business Combination - Permitted
 Purchases of Our Securities and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities in this Report). As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders 
 founder shares and private placement shares, we would need 5,356,751, or 35.83 , of the 14,950,000 public shares sold in our Initial Public Offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business
 combination approved (assuming all issued and outstanding ordinary shares are voted). The other members of our management team are subject to the same arrangements with respect to any public shares acquired by them in or after our Initial Public
 Offering. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all.

Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering , we will (i) cease all operations except for
 the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
 including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public
 shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
 subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case of clause (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the
 requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
 respect to any founder shares or private placement shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating
 distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering).

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and
 after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except
 that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the
 trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein.

Private Placement Shares

The private placement shares are not transferable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated
 with our sponsor). Holders of our private placement shares are entitled to certain registration rights. If we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, the proceeds from the
 sale of the private placement shares held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the private placement shares will be worthless. Further, if we seek
 shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder meeting are voted in favor of the business
 combination. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares in favor of our initial business combination (for more information on voting and
 permitted purchases of public shares see Item 1. Business - Effectuating Our Initial
 Business Combination - Permitted Purchases of Our Securities and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities 
 in this Report). Otherwise, the private placement shares are identical to the Class A ordinary shares sold in our Initial Public Offering.

Our sponsor and our management team have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their private placement shares, until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, except that, among other limited exceptions, to our
 officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor made to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor.

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not
 obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into shares of the post-business combination company at a price of 10.00 per share at the option of the lender. Such shares would be identical to the
 private placement shares.

Founder Shares

The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares sold in our Initial Public Offering, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as
 public shareholders, except that:

the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below;

our sponsor and our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, private placement shares and public shares they hold,
 (ii) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares purchased during or after our Initial Public Offering in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to
 our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our
 initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating
 to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares or private placement shares they hold if we fail to consummate an
 initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to
 complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering );

the founder shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination as described in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; and

the founder shares are entitled to registration rights.

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder meeting are voted in favor of
 the business combination. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares in favor of our initial business combination (for more information
 on voting and permitted purchases of public shares see Item 1. Business - Effectuating Our Initial Business
 Combination - Permitted Purchases of Our Securities and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities in this
 Report). As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares and private placement shares, we would need 5,356,751, or 35.83 , of the 14,950,000 public shares issued and outstanding as of the date of the Report to be voted in favor
 of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all issued and outstanding ordinary shares are voted and the private placement shares to be issued to our sponsor are voted in favor of the
 transaction).

The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following the consummation of our initial business combination at a ratio such that the number
 of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding (excluding the private placement
 shares) upon completion of our Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the sum of the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed
 issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued,
 deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement shares issued to our sponsor, members of our management team or any of their affiliates upon conversion of working capital loans. In no
 event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one to one.

Except as described herein, our sponsor and our management team have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B)
 subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for
 any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that
 results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor and
 management team with respect to any founder shares and private placement shares. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this exhibit as the lock-up. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares
 equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial
 business combination, the founder shares will be released from the lock-up.

Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors
 during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by holders representing at least two-thirds of our issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our
 shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the
 holder to one vote at a general meeting of the Company.

Preference Shares

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize 1,000,000 preference shares and provide that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the
 voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors is
 able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our
 board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares issued and
 outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No preference shares were issued or registered in our Initial Public Offering.

Variation of Rights of Shares

Whenever our capital is divided into different classes of shares, the rights attaching to any class of share (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the shares of that class) may only be materially varied
 either with the consent in writing of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the issued shares of that class, or with the sanction of a resolution passed by a majority of not less than two-thirds of the holders of shares of the class present in
 person or by proxy at a separate general meeting of the holders of shares of that class.

Unless the terms on which a class of shares was issued state otherwise, the rights conferred on the shareholder holding shares of any class shall not be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of further shares ranking pari passu with the
 existing shares of that class or the creation or issue of one or more classes of shares with or without preferred, deferred or other special rights or restrictions (including, without limitation, the creation of Shares with enhanced or weighted
 voting rights), whether in regard to dividend, voting, return of capital or otherwise.

Dividends

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our
 revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the
 discretion of our board of directors at such time, and we will only pay such dividend out of our profits or share premium (subject to solvency requirements) as permitted under Cayman Islands law. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection
 with a business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.

Our Transfer Agent

The transfer agent for our ordinary shares is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent, its agents and each of its shareholders,
 directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any claims and losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the
 indemnified person or entity.

Certain Differences in Corporate Law

Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their
 shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders.

Mergers and Similar Arrangements . In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a
 company incorporated in another jurisdiction provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction) so as to form a single surviving company.

Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve and enter into a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or
 consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually a majority of two-thirds in value of the voting shares voted at a shareholder meeting) of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such other authorization, if any,
 as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued and outstanding shares of each class in a
 subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is
 satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation.

Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that,
 having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the
 jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains
 outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect
 of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign
 company are and continue to be suspended or restricted.

Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the
 requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii) that in
 respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been
 approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon
 the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the
 merger or consolidation.

Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides certain limited appraisal rights for dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they
 follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a
 statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the
 constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his
 intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on
 which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the
 company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder
 fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair
 value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the
 court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed
 by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in
 respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national
 securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company.

Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other
 transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for
 which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and
 creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at a meeting,
 or meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the
 court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that:

we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with;

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question;

the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and

the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. 

If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the
 shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations.

Squeeze-out Provisions . When a tender offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the
 holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or
 inequitable treatment of the shareholders.

Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or
 through contractual arrangements of an operating business.

Shareholders Suits . Our Cayman Islands counsel is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts,
 and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually
 may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing
 principle apply in circumstances in which:

a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or ultra vires (beyond the scope of its authority);

the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or

those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed.

Enforcement of Civil Liabilities . The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands
 companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States.

We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the
 federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United
 States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the
 Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an
 obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and
 for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the
 enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if
 concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.

Special Considerations for Exempted Companies . We are an exempted company with limited liability (meaning our public shareholders have no liability, as members of the company, for liabilities of the
 company over and above the amount paid for their shares) under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business
 mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below:

annual reporting requirements are minimal and consist mainly of a statement that the company has conducted its operations mainly outside of the Cayman Islands and has complied with the provisions of the Companies Act;

an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection;

an exempted company does not have to hold an annual shareholder meeting;

an exempted company may issue shares with no par value;

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance);

an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands;

an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and

an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company.

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections that apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended
 without a special resolution. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a
 company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders entitled to vote and so voting at a shareholder meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so
 authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either by
 at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a shareholder meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. Further, our
 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a quorum at our shareholder meetings consists of one or more shareholders who together hold not less than one-third of the ordinary shares entitled to vote at such meeting
 being individuals present in person or by proxy; provided that a quorum in connection with any meeting that is convened to vote on a business combination or any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that
 would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
 complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares shall be a majority of the
 ordinary shares entitled to vote at such meeting being individuals present in person or by proxy or if a corporation or other non-natural person by its duly authorized representative or proxy.

Our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our ordinary shares (excluding the private placement shares) upon the closing of our Initial Public Offering, will participate in any vote
 to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things,
 that:

if we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but
 no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
 and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
 shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders
 and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law;

prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on
 our initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination (except as provided in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association) or (y) amend the foregoing provisions;

although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our executive officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a
 transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent valuation or accounting firm that such a business combination or
 transaction is fair to our company from a financial point of view;

if a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rule and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares
 pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about
 our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act;

our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting
 discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing the agreement to enter into the initial business combination;

our initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors;

if our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to
 have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or
 (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such approval at
 a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any,
 divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and

we will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.

In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001.

The Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher
 majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its
 memorandum and articles of association provides otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public
 shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares.

Anti-Money Laundering Cayman Islands

In order to comply with legislation or regulations aimed at the prevention of money laundering, we are required to adopt and maintain anti-money laundering procedures, and may require subscribers to provide evidence to verify their identity and
 source of funds. Where permitted, and subject to certain conditions, we may also delegate the maintenance of our anti-money laundering procedures (including the acquisition of due diligence information) to a suitable person.

We reserve the right to request such information as is necessary to verify the identity of a subscriber. In some cases the directors may be satisfied that no further information is required since an exemption applies under the Anti-Money
 Laundering Regulations (2020 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, as amended and revised from time to time (the Regulations ). Depending on the circumstances of each application, a detailed verification of identity might not be required where:

a) the subscriber makes the payment for their investment from an account held in the subscriber s name at a recognized financial institution;

b) the subscriber is regulated by a recognized regulatory authority and is based or incorporated in, or formed under the law of, a recognized jurisdiction; or

c) the application is made through an intermediary which is regulated by a recognized regulatory authority and is based in or incorporated in, or formed under the law of a recognized jurisdiction and an assurance is provided in relation
 to the procedures undertaken on the underlying investors.

For the purposes of these exceptions, recognition of a financial institution, regulatory authority or jurisdiction will be determined in accordance with the Regulations by reference to those jurisdictions recognized by the Cayman Islands
 Monetary Authority as having equivalent anti-money laundering regulations.

In the event of delay or failure on the part of the subscriber in producing any information required for verification purposes, we may refuse to accept the application, in which case any funds received will be returned without interest to the
 account from which they were originally debited.

We also reserve the right to refuse to make any distribution payment to a shareholder if our directors or officers suspect or are advised that the payment of such distribution to such shareholder
 might result in a breach of applicable anti-money laundering or other laws or regulations by any person in any relevant jurisdiction, or if such refusal is considered necessary or appropriate to ensure our compliance with any such laws or
 regulations in any applicable jurisdiction.

If any person resident in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects, or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting, that another person is engaged in criminal conduct or is involved with terrorism or terrorist
 property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business in the regulated sector or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be required to report such knowledge or
 suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act (2020 Revision) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money laundering or (ii) a police officer of the
 rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Act (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report will
 not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise.

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully
 engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings.

Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preference shares are available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional
 capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy
 contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise.

Securities Eligible for Future Sale

Immediately after our Initial Public Offering we had 15,449,000 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding on an as-converted basis. Of these shares, the Class A ordinary shares sold in our Initial Public Offering (14,950,000 Class A
 ordinary shares) are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any Class A ordinary shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the
 outstanding founder shares (3,737,500 founder shares) and all of the outstanding private placement shares (499,000 private placement shares), and the securities underlying the foregoing, are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were
 issued in private transactions not involving a public offering.

Rule 144

Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one
 of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports
 under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale.

Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person
 would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of:

1 of the total number of ordinary shares then outstanding, which equals 191,865 shares immediately after our Initial Public Offering; and

the average weekly reported trading volume of the Class A ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale.

Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us.

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies

Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also
 includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met:

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company;

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act;

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials),
 other than Form 8-K reports; and

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

As a result, our initial shareholders will be able to sell their founder shares and our sponsor will be able to sell its private placement shares, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business
 combination.

Registration and Shareholder Rights

The holders of the founder shares and private placement shares, including the private placement shares that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of founder shares are
 entitled to registration rights pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement that the holders signed at the closing of our Initial Public Offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding
 short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. However,
 the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period, which occurs (i) in the case of the
 founder shares, as described in the following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the private placement shares, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any
 such registration statements.

Except as described herein, our sponsor and our management team have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell (i) any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B)
 subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for
 any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that
 results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, and (ii) any of their private placement shares until 30 days after the completion of our initial business
 combination. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor and management team with respect to any founder shares and private placement shares. We refer to such transfer restrictions
 throughout this exhibit as the lock-up.

In addition, pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors,
 as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement.

Listing of Securities

Our Class A ordinary shares are listed on Nasdaq under the symbol ARYE. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-21>
 3
 brhc10049513_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 21 

Subsidiaries of ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp V

None.

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 brhc10049513_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a)

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Adam Stone, certify that:

1.

I have reviewed the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp V; 

2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
 light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.

The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a.

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b.

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
 controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d.

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the
 registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.

The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b.

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: April 12, 2023

By:

/s/ Adam Stone

Adam Stone

Chief Executive Officer and Director

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 brhc10049513_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a)

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Michael Altman, certify that:

1.

I have reviewed the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp V; 

2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
 light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report; 

4.

The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a.

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b.

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
 controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d.

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
 quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.

The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b.

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial
 reporting. 

Date: April 12, 2023

By:

/s/ Michael Altman

Michael Altman

Chief Financial Officer and Director

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 brhc10049513_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp V (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Adam Stone,
 Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:

1.

the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 12, 2023

By:

/s/ Adam Stone

Adam Stone

Chief Executive Officer and Director

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 brhc10049513_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp V (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael
 Altman, Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:

1.

the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 12, 2023

By:

/s/ Michael Altman

Michael Altman

Chief Financial Officer and Director

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 arye-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 arye-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 arye-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 arye-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 arye-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

