<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1412126_0001213900-23-030177.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4072210</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>89139</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>835592</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>916495</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1118909</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1008849</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-030177.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417143225
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-030177
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RemSleep Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001412126
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		IRS NUMBER:				383759675
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53450
		FILM NUMBER:		23823635

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14175 ICOT BVLD. SUITE 300
		CITY:			CLEARWATER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33760
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(727) 955-4465

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14175 ICOT BVLD. SUITE 300
		CITY:			CLEARWATER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33760

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OBICOM, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140602

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Kat Gold Holdings Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100809

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Bella Viaggio, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070911

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-030177.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_remsleephold.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
 to 

Commission file number: 

REMSLEEP HOLDINGS, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

- 

(Registrant s telephone number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act: . 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Exchange Act: 

Common Stock, 0.001 par value 
 
 (Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting fi rm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

State the aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates: based on 1,458,427,613 non affiliate shares outstanding at .00236
per share, which is the price at which the common shares were last sold on the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter. 

As of April 17, 2023, there were 
shares of the issuer s common stock outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Description of Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 7 
 
 Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 7 
 
 Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 7 
 
 Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 7 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 8 
 
 Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 8 
 
 Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 8 
 
 Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 10 
 
 Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 
 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 11 
 
 Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 11 
 
 Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 12 
 
 Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 12 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 
 13 
 
 Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 14 
 
 Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 15 
 
 Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 15 
 
 Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 16 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 17 
 
 Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 17 

Signatures 
 
 18 

i 

PART I 

ITEM 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Forward Looking Statements 

Except for statements of historical fact, the
information presented herein constitutes forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by phrases
such as anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, forecasts, foresees, 
 intends, plans, or other words of similar import. Similarly, statements herein that describe our business
strategy, outlook, objectives, plans, intentions or goals also are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be
materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such
factors include, but are not limited to, our ability to: successfully commercialize our technology; generate revenues and achieve profitability
in an intensely competitive industry; compete in products and prices with substantially larger and better capitalized competitors;
secure, maintain and enforce a strong intellectual property portfolio; attract additional capital sufficient to finance our working capital
requirements, as well as any investment of plant, property and equipment; develop a sales and marketing infrastructure; identify and maintain
relationships with third party suppliers who can provide us a reliable source of raw materials; acquire, develop, or identify for our
own use, a manufacturing capability; attract and retain talented individuals; continue operations during periods of uncertain general
economic or market conditions, and; other events, factors and risks previously and from time to time disclosed in our filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, including, specifically, the Risk Factors enumerated herein. Although we believe the
expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements. You should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of
this report. Except as required by law, we do not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a
result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on
June 6, 2007. On August 2, 2010, we changed our name from Bella Viaggio, Inc. to Kat Gold Holdings Corp. Effective January 1, 2015,
we completed an exchange agreement to purchase 100 of the outstanding interests of REMSleep LLC in exchange for 50,000,000 common shares
of REMSleep Holdings, Inc. s stock, at which time REMSleep LLC became our wholly-owned subsidiary and adopted their business of
developing and distributing our sleep apnea products. On January 5, 2015, we changed our name to REMSleep Holdings, Inc. to reflect our
new business model. 

Our officers have 35 years of sleep-industry experience,
including having been employed at sleep industry companies. Our officers invented our DeltaWave CPAP interface (the DeltaWave as an innovative new device to treat patients with sleep apnea. The patent-pending DeltaWave product is a nasal-pillows type interface
that will result in better comfort and, therefore, better compliance since it was specifically designed with unique airflow characteristics
to enable patients with sleep apnea to breathe normally. A survey that appeared in DME Business found that 89 of patients stated that
mask-interface comfort was their primary concern. The primary issue that we have addressed with the DeltaWave is the work of breathing 
component. We believe that our DeltaWave is designed to effectively address the stubborn issues that continue to affect a patient s
ability to comply with treatment, as follows: 

Does not disrupt normal breathing mechanics; 

Is not claustrophobic; 

Causes zero work of breathing (WOB); 

Minimizes or eliminates drying of the sinuses; 

Uses less driving pressure; and 

Allows users to feel safe and secure while sleeping. 

Pending adequate financing, we plan to conduct
clinical trials to test product effectiveness. 

On June 28, 2016, we applied for a patent for
a new, innovative sleep apnea product that serves as an interface for the delivery of CPAP therapy and other respiratory needs. Our goal
is to develop sleep products that achieve optimum compliance and comfort for CPAP patients. 

Our website is located at: http://remsleep.com . 

1 

Industry Background 

The market for sleep treatment and equipment was
 7.96 billion in 2011 and continues to increase, with North America accounting for a majority of the market. More than 8 million CPAP
interfaces are sold annually in the U.S., with another 2.5 million globally. There are also an estimated 80 million people with undiagnosed
sleep apnea. Sleep apnea is a condition that affects millions of people in the United States alone. An increasingly sedentary lifestyle
and bad working habits has led to obesity and otherwise poor cardiac and aerobic health. This has led to a fast-growing epidemic of obstructive
sleep apnea (OSA), which greatly reduces the quality of sleep one gets and can ultimately result in hypertension, heart failure, stroke,
and at the least, reduced performance in everyday life. Sleep apnea results in numerous afflictions that affect people s day-to-day
lives and can eventually contribute to serious health conditions. While people s knowledge of this affliction has grown strongly
in recent years, and the market is expanding fast nationwide, up to 80 of people with sleep apnea may be undiagnosed 1 
a market of millions of new potential users. Even those who are tested and prescribed a sleep apnea machine often give up after a short
time due to discomfort or what is called the work of breathing with traditional machines. In fact, over 50 of patients
give up on using CPAP therapy after 6 months. This is a major waste of resources and a very telling statistic. 

A major challenge in the current market is not
only to get more patients diagnosed but to also increase CPAP compliance. According to market analyst Frost Sullivan, The
development of finer and ergonomic CPAP devices will help increase patient ability to adhere to sleep therapy. The market is also seeing
a rise in newer technologies that replace elaborate practices, target patient comfort to improve compliance, and help drive acceptance
of sleep monitoring devices. 

A growing knowledge of sleep apnea and its treatment
has helped to increase awareness with the public. In addition to making the use of a CPAP or related device less intimidating, a move
toward affordable and prescription-based technology can greatly expand the market Evolving technologies will also influence patient
preferences for products, treatment modalities, and diagnostic locations, states Frost Sullivan 2 . As such,
the global sleep apnea treatment market is expected to shift to home-based diagnostics for early identification and treatment of patients
as well as portable devices that can reduce sleep apnea with minimal inconvenience. 

Sleep apnea causes breathing interruptions of
between 10 to 20 seconds that can occur hundreds of times during a night, disrupting the natural sleep rhythm and depriving people of
the restorative sleep they need to be energetic, mentally sharp, and productive the next day. CPAP can be a very effective method used
to treat sleep apnea, but as noted, noncompliance remains a stubborn issue for both physicians and patients. CPAP technology therefore
is constantly being updated and improved, and the new CPAP devices are lighter, quieter, and more comfortable. 

Health care spending continues to grow rapidly
on an annual basis in the United States. Spending was 2.7 trillion in 2011 and, in 2013, it reached over 3.6 trillion. By 2022, spending
is projected to reach 5 trillion, or around 20 of GDP, according to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services 3. Growing
alongside this market is the U.S. life science industry, which will grow an estimated 2.2 in 2014 to 93 billion. This includes R D
spending, with growth primarily from smaller biopharmaceutical innovators and medical device manufacturers. 

Within this market, sleep apnea products have experienced rapid growth.
In the past couple of decades there has been a rapid increase in the technological developments in the field of sleep apnea diagnosis
and treatment. The result has been strong growth for sleep apnea devices globally. Demand for new and innovative treatment methodologies
is driving growth, helping to provide patients with a healthy lifestyle. Obstructive sleep apnea is destroying the health of millions
of Americans, and the problem has only gotten worse over the last two decades, according to American Academy of Sleep Medicine
President Dr. Timothy Morgenthaler 4 . The effective treatment of sleep apnea is one of the keys to success as our nation
attempts to reduce health care spending and improve chronic disease management. 

Sleep problems are considered a global
epidemic, with sleep apnea as a major contributor to the disorder. An estimated 100 million people worldwide have sleep apnea,
though more than 80 of these people are undiagnosed. The market for sleep apnea diagnostic and therapeutic devices on a global level
was 7.96 billion in 2011 and will reach a projected 19.72 billion by 2017, according to a study from Markets Markets 1 
Nationwide in the U.S., there are more than 1,600 businesses in the Sleep Disorder Clinics market, according to research firm IBISWorld.
These businesses have combined annual revenue of 7 billion and have maintained a combined annual growth rate (CAGR) of 9.8 from 2008
to 2013. Sleep clinics have gained exposure during the period due to the rising number of sleep disorders, states IBISWorld.
 Moreover, health insurance policies are increasingly covering all or at least part of the costs of tests and, as more patients
have been able to gain greater access to specialized sleep clinics, industry revenue grows. 

Sources: 

1. Markets
 Markets. Global Sleep Apnea Diagnostics Therapeutic Devices Market. http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/PressReleases/sleep-apnea-devices.asp 

2. Frost
 Sullivan. Sleep apnea market is in need of finer, ergonomic treatments. June 4, 2014. http://www.frost.com/prod/servlet/press-release.pag?docid=290951848 

3. Forbes.
 Annual U.S. Healthcare Spending Hits 3.8 Trillion. Feb. 2, 2014. http://www.forbes.com/sites/danmunro/2014/02/02/annual-u-s-healthcare-spending-hits-3-8-trillion/ 

4. American
Academy of Sleep Medicine. Rising prevalence of sleep apnea in U.S. threatens public health. Sept. 2014. http://www.aasmnet.org/articles.aspx?id=5043 

2 

There are also more than 972,000 physicians and
365,000 doctors offices, as well as nearly 5,800 hospitals. In addition, the market for U.S. home healthcare is served by about
30,000 businesses with combined annual revenue of 59 billion. The market includes medical and skilled nursing services; medical equipment,
supplies, and medication services; personal care; and therapeutic services (like physical and respiratory therapy). 

Marketing 

We plan to market the DeltaWave product in the
U.S., as follows: 

Submit manufacture orders to our manufacturer according to market demand 

Negotiate and secure agreements with industry distributor partners 

Secure agreements with Internet retailers for online sales 

Market DeltaWave at respiratory trade shows, social media, press releases 

Market and generate online sales through our website supplemented by search engine optimization, 

Disseminate press releases to media outlets and publications that reach sleep medical practices and DME managers/distributors, including trade publications like Sleep Medicine, Sleep Review, Sleep, The Sleep Magazine 

Attend sleep and healthcare, respiratory industry trade shows 

All of the foregoing is contingent upon adequate
financing. 

Target Market 

Our target market includes: 

Sleep product distributors that will distribute our product 

Home care dealers 

Private sleep labs 

Product end users 

Physicians, particularly sleep physicians 

Medical groups 

Hospitals 

Medical associations, such as the American Academy of Sleep Medicine and the American Sleep Association 

We expect that most of our revenues will be in
the home care dealers and hospital target market. 

3 

Manufacturing 

Our product will be manufactured by mold makers. 
We presently have molds made in China; however, we are considering relocating the manufacturing of our molds to the United States. 

Operations Contingent Upon Adequate Financing 

Our entire business plan, including our ability
to conduct manufacturing, marketing, generate sales and further develop products, are entirely dependent upon adequate financing. Should
we fail to obtain adequate financing: (a) our financial condition will be negatively affected; (b) we will be unable to conduct the essential
aspects of our business plan, including marketing as reflected above; (c) investments in our common stock will be negatively impacted;
(d) we will be forced to liquidate our business and file for bankruptcy protection. 

Competition 

The sleep apnea devices market is highly consolidated,
with primary competitors being: 

ResMed 

Philips Respironics 

Naus Medical 

Fisher Paykel Healthcare 

DeVilbiss Healthcare 

CareFusion 

InnoMed 

TAP 

ResMed is the market leader (45 of market share),
followed by Philips (30 ), and Fisher/Paykel (12 ). Our competitors offer a full range of sleep products. 

Our competitors have greater financial, operational
and personnel resources than we do. We will attempt to overcome our competitors competitive advantages by emphasizing the advantages
of our Delta Wave product. 

Government Regulations 

FDA 

Our products are subject to extensive regulation
particularly as to safety, efficacy and adherence to FDA Quality System Regulation, and related manufacturing standards. Medical device
products are subject to rigorous FDA and other governmental agency regulations in the United States and similar regulations of foreign
agencies abroad. The FDA regulates the design, development, research, preclinical and clinical testing, introduction, manufacture, advertising,
labeling, packaging, marketing, distribution, import and export, and record keeping for such products, to ensure that medical products
distributed in the United States are safe and effective for their intended use. In addition, the FDA is authorized to establish special
controls to provide reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness of most devices. Non-compliance with applicable requirements
can result in import detentions, fines, civil and administrative penalties, injunctions, suspensions or losses of regulatory approvals,
recall or seizure of products, operating restrictions, refusal of the government to approve product export applications or allow us to
enter supply contracts, and criminal prosecution. 

Unless an exemption applies, the FDA requires
that a manufacturer introducing a new medical device or a new indication for use of an existing medical device obtain either a Section
510(k) premarket notification clearance or a premarket approval, or PMA, before introducing it into the U.S. market. The type of marketing
authorization is generally linked to the classification of the device. The FDA classifies medical devices into one of three classes (Class
I, II or III) based on the degree of risk the FDA determines to be associated with a device and the level of regulatory control deemed
necessary to ensure the device s safety and effectiveness. 

4 

Our products currently marketed in the United
States are marketed in reliance on 510(k) pre-marketing clearances as either Class I or Class II devices. The process of obtaining a Section
510(k) clearance generally requires the submission of performance data and often clinical data, which in some cases can be extensive,
to demonstrate that the device is substantially equivalent to a device that was on the market before 1976 or to a device
that has been found by the FDA to be substantially equivalent to such a pre-1976 device, a predecessor device is referred
to as predicate device. As a result, FDA clearance requirements may extend the development process for a considerable length
of time. In addition, in some cases, the FDA may require additional review by an advisory panel, which can further lengthen the process.
The PMA process, which is reserved for new devices that are not substantially equivalent to any predicate device and for high-risk devices
or those that are used to support or sustain human life, may take several years and requires the submission of extensive performance and
clinical information. 

Medical devices can be marketed only for the indications
for which they are cleared or approved. After a device has received 510(k) clearance for a specific intended use, any change or modification
that significantly affects its safety or effectiveness, such as a significant change in the design, materials, method of manufacture or
intended use, may require a new 510(k) clearance or PMA approval and payment of an FDA user fee. The determination as to whether a modification
could significantly affect the device s safety or effectiveness is initially left to the manufacturer using available FDA guidance;
however, the FDA may review this determination to evaluate the regulatory status of the modified product at any time and may require the
manufacturer to cease marketing and recall the modified device until 510(k) clearance or PMA approval is obtained. The manufacturer may
also be subject to significant regulatory fines or penalties. The FDA is currently reviewing its guidance describing when it believes
a manufacturer is obligated to submit a new 510(k) for modifications or changes to a previously cleared device. The FDA is expected to
issue revised guidance to assist device manufacturers in making this determination. It is unclear whether the FDA s approach in
this new guidance will result in substantive changes to existing policy and practice regarding the assessment of whether a new 510(k)
is required for changes or modifications to existing devices. 

Any devices we manufacture and distribute pursuant
to clearance or approval by the FDA are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA and certain state agencies. These include
product listing and establishment registration requirements, which help facilitate FDA inspections and other regulatory actions. As a
medical device manufacturer, our manufacturing facilities are subject to inspection on a routine basis by the FDA. We are required to
adhere to applicable regulations setting forth detailed cGMP requirements, as set forth in the QSR, which require, manufacturers, including
third-party manufacturers, to follow stringent design, testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance procedures during all
phases of the design and manufacturing process. Noncompliance with these standards can result in, among other things, fines, injunctions,
civil penalties, recalls or seizures of products, total or partial suspension of production, refusal of the government to grant 510(k)
clearance or PMA approval of devices, withdrawal of marketing approvals and criminal prosecutions. We believe that our design, manufacturing
and quality control procedures are in compliance with the FDA s regulatory requirements. 

We must also comply with post-market surveillance
regulations, including medical device reporting, or MDR, requirements which require that we review and report to the FDA any incident
in which our products may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury. We must also report any incident in which our product
has malfunctioned if that malfunction would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur. 

Labeling and promotional activities are subject
to scrutiny by the FDA and, in certain circumstances, by the Federal Trade Commission. Medical devices approved or cleared by the FDA
may not be promoted for unapproved or un-cleared uses, otherwise known as off-label promotion. The FDA and other agencies
actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly
promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability, including substantial monetary penalties and criminal prosecution. 

Other Healthcare Laws 

Even though we do not submit claims or bill governmental
programs and other third-party payers directly for reimbursement for our products sold in the United States, we are still subject to laws
and regulations that may restrict our business practices, including, without limitation, anti-kickback, false claims, physician payment
transparency and data privacy and security laws. The government has interpreted these laws broadly to apply to the marketing and sales
activities of manufacturers and distributors like us. 

5 

The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among
other things, persons or entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or providing remuneration, directly or
indirectly, in cash or in kind, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, lease, order or
recommendation of, any good, facility, item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under federal healthcare programs
such as Medicare and Medicaid. In addition, a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback
Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act. 

The federal civil False Claims Act prohibits,
among other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment
or approval to the federal government or knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to
a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government. A claim includes any request or demand for money or property presented
to the U.S. government. The civil False Claims Act also applies to false submissions that cause the government to be paid less than the
amount to which it is entitled, such as a rebate. Intent to deceive is not required to establish liability under the civil False Claims
Act. 

The Federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996, or HIPAA, created federal criminal statutes that prohibit among other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting
to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling
or stealing from a healthcare benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense, and knowingly and
willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in
connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Like the Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity
does not need to have actual knowledge of these statutes or specific intent to violate them to have committed a violation. 

Also, many states and countries outside the U.S.
have similar fraud and abuse statutes or regulations that may be broader in scope and may apply regardless of payor, in addition to items
and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs. 

Under HIPAA, the Department of Health and Human
Services, or HHS, has issued regulations to protect the privacy and security of protected health information used or disclosed by covered
entities including health care providers, such as us. HIPAA also regulates standardization of data content, codes and formats used in
health care transactions and standardization of identifiers for health plans and providers. Penalties for violations of HIPAA regulations
include civil and criminal penalties. In addition to federal privacy and security regulations, there are state laws governing confidentiality
and security of health information that are applicable to our business. New laws governing privacy may be adopted in the future as well.
Failure to comply with privacy requirements could result in civil or criminal penalties, which could have a materially adverse effect
on our business. 

Additionally, there has been a recent trend of
increased federal and state regulation of payments and transfers of value provided to healthcare professionals or entities. The Physician
Payment Sunshine Act was enacted in law as part of PPACA, which imposed new annual reporting requirements on device manufacturers for
payments and other transfers of value provided by them, directly or indirectly, to physicians and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership
and investment interests held by physicians and their family members. A manufacturer s failure to submit timely, accurately and
completely the required information for all payments, transfers of value or ownership or investment interests may result in civil monetary
penalties. Certain states also mandate implementation of commercial compliance programs, impose restrictions on device manufacturer marketing
practices and/or require the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation and other remuneration to healthcare professionals and entities. 

The shifting commercial compliance environment
and the need to build and maintain robust systems to comply with different compliance or reporting requirements in multiple jurisdictions
increase the possibility that a healthcare company may fail to comply fully with one or more of these requirements. If our operations
are found to be in violation of any of the health regulatory laws described above or any other laws that apply to us, we may be subject
to penalties, including potentially significant criminal and civil and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment,
exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens, diminished
profits and future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to
operate our business and our results of operations. 

6 

Environmental Regulation 

Our operations are not subject to environmental
regulation. 

Employees 

We have the following employees Thomas J. Wood,
Chief Executive Officer, and John Lane, Chief Technology Officer. All other services are provided by independent contractors who are primarily
paid with stock-based compensation. Personnel will be added on an as-needed basis and based on available funds. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, as such, are not required to provide the information under this Item. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We do not own any real estate property. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There are no material claims, actions, suits,
proceedings, or investigations that are currently pending or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened by or against the Company or
respecting its operations or assets, or by or against any of the Company s officers, directors, or affiliates. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None. 

7 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock, par value 0.001 per share is
currently listed to trade on the OTC Markets Group, OTCQB tier under the symbol RMSL . The range of reported high and reported
low sales prices per share for our common stock for each fiscal quarter during 2022 and 2021, as reported by NASDAQ and the OTC Markets
Group, is set forth below. 

Quarterly common stock Price Ranges 

Fiscal Year 2022, Quarter Ended: 
 High 
 Low 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 0.027 
 0.009 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 0.043 
 0.009 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 0.036 
 0.012 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 0.016 
 0.009 

Fiscal Year 2021, Quarter Ended: 
 High 
 Low 
 
 March 31, 2021 
 0.015 
 0.004 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 0.047 
 0.007 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 0.028 
 0.009 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 0.033 
 0.01 

At April 17, 2023 there were approximately 155
holders of record of our common stock, although we believe that there are other persons who are beneficial owners of our common stock
held in street name. The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Securities Stock Transfer ,
 2901 N Dallas Parkway, Suite 380, Plano, TX 75093 . 

Recent Issuances of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Overview 

We are a Nevada corporation formed on June 6,
2007. Our headquarters are in Clearwater, FL. We have been engaged in our current business model since January 1, 2015. 

We are a medical technology company focused on
the development and commercialization of innovative and minimally invasive solutions for patients with obstructive sleep apnea. Our officers
have 35 years of sleep-industry experience, including having been employed at sleep industry companies. Our goal is to develop sleep products
that achieve optimum compliance and comfort for CPAP patients. 

In May 2017, we applied for a patent with the
US Patent and Trademark Office for our proprietary DeltaWave CPAP interface DeltaWave ), a new, innovative sleep apnea product
to act as an interface for the delivery of CPAP therapy and other respiratory needs. DeltaWave is a nasal-pillow type interface designed
to offer better comfort and, therefore, better compliance since it was specifically designed with unique airflow characteristics to enable
patients with sleep apnea to breathe normally. 

8 

Our officers have 35 years of sleep-industry experience,
including having been employed at sleep industry companies. Our officers invented the DeltaWave as an innovative new device to treat patients
with sleep apnea. The patent-pending DeltaWave device is a nasal-pillows type interface that will result in better comfort and, therefore,
better compliance since it was specifically designed with unique airflow characteristics to enable patients with sleep apnea to breathe
normally. 

A survey that appeared in DME Business found that
89 of patients stated that mask-interface comfort was their primary concern. The primary issue that we have addressed with the DeltaWave
is the work of breathing component. We believe that our DeltaWave is designed to effectively address the stubborn issues
that continue to affect a patient s ability to comply with treatment, as follows: does not disrupt normal breathing mechanics; is
not claustrophobic; causes zero work of breathing (WOB); minimizes or eliminates drying of the sinuses; uses less driving pressure; and
allows users to feel safe and secure while sleeping. 

Pending adequate financing, we plan to conduct clinical trials to test
product effectiveness. 

Results of Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to
the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Revenues 

We began to sell our ResPlus
CPAP system in the second quarter of 2022. We recognized revenue and cost of goods of 320,719 and 248,426, respectively for the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

Operating Expenses 

Professional fees were 115,135 and 82,043 for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 33,092, or 40.3 . Professional fees consist mostly of accounting,
audit and legal fees. The increase is attributed to an increase in legal fees of approximately 27,000. 

Development expense related to our DeltaWave CPAP
system was 337,003 and 129,311 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 207,722 or 160.6 . Development
expense increased over the prior period as we work to bring our new products to market. Approximately 25 of development expense is related
to product testing. 

Compensation expense was 231,000 and 84,000
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 147,000, or 175 . On April 1, 2022, compensation expense
for our CEO and Chairman increased. Compensation also increased for our CTO. 

Lease expense was 114,702 and 0 for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we began to incur lease/rent expense for both
our corporate office and short-term apartment rental for employees to stay at when in town. 

General and administrative expense G A was 492,295 and 130,334 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 361,961 or 277.7 . During
the current year we incurred additional expense related to the process of obtaining our 510k for DeltaWave (~ 118,000), travel expense
of 24,600 and other compensation expense of 59,950, We also incurred additional expense involved with moving our corporate headquarters
and setting up our offices. 

Total other expense for the year ended December
31, 2022, was 268,702. Other expense includes a loss in the change of fair value of 3,048, a loss on disposal of fixed assets of 28,264
and interest expense of 237,390 (includes 206,157 amortization of debt discount). 

Total other expense for the year ended December
31, 2021, was 3,399,985. Other expense includes a loss in the change of fair value of 1,601,016, a loss on the issuance of convertible
debt of 717,592, a penalty for default on convertible debt of 162,798 and interest expense of 918,579 (includes 813,619 amortization
of debt discount). 

9 

Net Loss 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a
net loss of 1,486,574 as compared to a net loss of 3,825,673 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our net loss decreased due to the
decrease in other expense during the period, which consists mostly of non-cash expense related to our convertible debt. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Cash flow from operations 

Cash used in operating activities for the year
ended December 31, 2022 was 2,234,058 as compared to 349,995 of cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021.
During the current year the Company used more cash for activities related to bringing its product to market. Our largest cash expenditures
were for inventory, an advance payment on our new lease and compensation expense. 

Cash Flows from Investing 

Cash used in investing activities for the purchase
of equipment and tooling for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 122,262 as compared to 67,252 of cash used in investing activities
for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Cash Flows from Financing 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we received
 855,000 from the sale of common stock and repaid a 45,000 loan. We also received a short-term cash advance from a related party of 4,740
for the payment of expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we received 591,300 from the issuance of convertible debt and 3,103,500
from the sale of common stock. We repaid 8,212 on our auto loan. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course
of business. The Company has an accumulated deficit of 12,414,921 at December 31, 2022, had a net loss of 1,486,574 and net cash used
in operating activities of 2,234,058 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company s ability to raise additional capital through
the future issuances of common stock and/or debt financing is unknown. The obtainment of additional financing, the successful development
of the Company s contemplated plan of operations, and its transition, ultimately, to the attainment of profitable operations are
necessary for the Company to continue operations. These conditions and the ability to successfully resolve these factors over the next
twelve months raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements of the
Company do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these aforementioned uncertainties. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Refer to Note 2 of our financial statements contained
elsewhere in this Form 10-K for a summary of our critical accounting policies and recently adopting and issued accounting standards. 

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

10 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

REMSLEEP HOLDINGS, INC. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Firm ID # 05525 F-2 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Statements of Operations for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Statement of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Notes to Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of REMSleep
Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of REMSleep Holdings, Inc. the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders 
equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in
the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has
an accumulated deficit, a net loss, and negative cash flows from operating activities. These factors, among others, raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Revenue Recognition Refer to Note
2 to the financial statements. 

Description of the Critical Audit Matter 

The Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of
control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange
for those products or services. As this is the first year that the Company has earned revenue, we considered this to be a critical audit
matter due to judgments required by management regarding revenue recognition. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our principal audit procedures related to revenue
recognition included the following, among others: 

Evaluated management's revenue recognition policies and reviewed
underlying documents for reasonableness of the application of ASC 606. 

Obtained an understanding of the process utilized by management
in determining when performance obligations are satisfied. 

Substantively tested revenue transactions to an appropriate coverage based on risk assessments. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

April
17, 2023 

F- 3 

REMSLEEP HOLDINGS,
INC. 
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
2022 

December 31, 
2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Total current assets 

Other asset 

Right of use asset 

Property and equipment, net 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation 

Accrued interest 

Accrued interest related party 

Convertible Notes, net of discount of and , respectively 

Derivative Liability 

Loan payable related party 

Due to a related party 

Loans payable 

Operating lease liability current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Long Term Liabilities 

Operating lease liability net of current portion 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT): 

Series A preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding 

5, 000 

Series B preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued 

Series C preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, no shares issued 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Discount to common stock 

() 

() 
 
 Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

REMSLEEP HOLDINGS,
INC. 
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross margin 

Operating Expenses: 

Professional fees 

Development expense 

Compensation related party 

Lease expense 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other expense: 

Interest expense 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

Default penalty of convertible note 

Loss on issuance of convertible debt 

Change in fair value of derivative 

Total other expense 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net Loss 

Deemed dividend 

Net Loss to Common Shareholders 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

REMSLEEP HOLDINGS,
INC. 
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Series
 A Preferred Stock 
 Series
 B Preferred Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Discount to 
 Common 
 Additional
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Stock 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance,
 December 31, 2020 

Common
 stock issued for conversion of debt 

Common
 stock issued for cash 

Warrants
 converted to common stock 

Beneficial
 conversion feature 

Net
 Loss 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

Common
 stock issued for conversion of debt 

Common
 stock issued for cash 

Warrants
 converted to common stock 

Warrant down round protection 

Net
 Loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

REMSLEEP HOLDINGS,
INC. 
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 

Change in fair value of derivative 

Discount amortization 

Loss on issuance of convertible debt 

Default penalty of convertible note 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

Operating lease expense 

Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaids and other assets 

Inventory 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation related party 

Accrued interest 

Accrued interest related party 

Net cash used by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Repayment of loans 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 

Cash advance related party 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of the year 

Cash at end of the year 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Interest paid in cash 

Taxes paid 

Supplemental non-cash disclosure: 

Common stock issued for conversion of note payable principal and accrued interest 

Establish right of use asset 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 7 

REMSLEEP HOLDINGS, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

of cash above the FDIC s coverage
limit. 

or greater are capitalized. Depreciation of property and equipment is
calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from three to five years. Leasehold
improvements are amortized over the lesser of the remaining term of the lease or the estimated useful life of the asset. Major betterments
that extend the useful lives of assets are also capitalized. Normal maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. When assets
are sold or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss
is recognized in operations. 

F- 8 

potentially dilutive shares of common stock warrants, shares from Series A preferred stock and from Series
B preferred stock. 

of potentially dilutive shares of common stock from convertible debt, potentially dilutive shares of common stock
warrants, shares from Series A preferred stock and from Series B preferred stock. 

Total 

F- 9 

units sold. As of December
31, 2022, there is no accrual for warranty expense due to the low cost of replacement to date. If returns are to increase, management
will determine if it needs to account for the cost of returns and establish a warranty accrual. 

F- 10 

at December 31, 2022, had a net loss of and net cash used
in operating activities of for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company s ability to raise additional capital through
the future issuances of common stock and/or debt financing is unknown. The obtainment of additional financing, the successful development
of the Company s contemplated plan of operations, and its transition, ultimately, to the attainment of profitable operations are
necessary for the Company to continue operations. These conditions and the ability to successfully resolve these factors over the next
twelve months raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements of the
Company do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these aforementioned uncertainties. 

and . 

Office equipment 

Automobile 

Tooling/Molds 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Fixed assets, net 

and , respectively. 

. 

F- 11 

and on October 24, 2012 and June 12, 2013, respectively. The loans were to accrue interest at .
On April 26, 2018, the Company agreed to repay the loan in full including accrued interest and for legal fees. As of December 31,
2021, there is and of principal and interest due on this loan. On June 9, 2022, the Company repaid this loan in full. 

() 

Granite Global Investments Ltd 

() 

Power Up Lending Group LTD 

() 

Power Up Lending Group LTD 

() 

Power Up Lending Group LTD 

() 

Power Up Lending Group LTD 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

Increase to derivative due to new issuances 

Decrease to derivative due to conversion/repayments 

Derivative loss due to mark to market adjustment 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Decrease to derivative due to conversion/repayments 

Derivative loss due to mark to market adjustment 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Conversion price 

Volatility (annual) 

Risk-free rate 

. 

Dividend rate 

Years to maturity 

. . 

F- 12 

and , respectively. Beginning on January 1, 2019, the balance due accrues interest
at . As of December 31, 2022, total accrued interest is . During the third quarter Mr. Bird, advanced the Company an additional
 . The advance was paid back as of December 31, 2022. 

per month. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, there is and of accrued compensation, respectively, due to Mr. Wood. During the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, cash payments of and , respectively, were paid to Mr. Wood. 

, Mr. Bird is to be
compensated per month. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there is and of accrued compensation, respectively, due
to Mr. Bird. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash payments of and , respectively, were paid to Mr. Bird. 

and , respectively. 

and
 , respectively, to the brother of the CEO for services related to development of the Company s product. 

and , respectively, to the son of the CEO for website design services. 

The term of the Lease is for thirty-six (36) months commencing May 1,
2022. The monthly base rent, including tax is for the first twelve (12) months increasing thereafter to for the next
12 months and to for the last 12 months. The Company paid of advanced rent. The advance rent is to be allocated
equally over the first two years of the lease. 

on May 1, 2022. 

Total lease asset 

Liability 

Operating lease liability current portion 
 Current operating lease liability 

Operating lease liability noncurrent portion 
 Long-term operating lease liability 

Total lease liability 

F- 13 

2024 

2025 

Total payments 

Amount representing interest 

Lease obligation, net 

Less current portion 

Lease obligation long term 

which consisted of amortization expense
of , of prepaid rent and interest expense of . 

of principal and of interest, into shares of
common stock. 

and of principal and interest, respectively, into 
shares of common stock. 

and of principal and interest, respectively, into
 shares of common stock. 

shares of common stock for the conversion of warrants. 

shares of common stock for total cash proceeds of . The shares
were sold pursuant to its Tier 2 of Regulation A Offering Statement. 

of principal and interest into shares of common stock. 

shares of common stock for the conversion of warrants. 

shares
of common stock for total cash proceeds of . The shares were sold pursuant to its Tier 2 of Regulation A Offering Statement. 

of
principal and interest into shares of common stock. 

shares of Series A Preferred Stock, par value per share value with 1:25 voting rights. The Series A Preferred Stock ranks equal
to the common stock on liquidation, pays no dividend and is convertible to common stock for one share of common for one share of Series
A Preferred Stock. 

shares of Series B Preferred Stock, par value per share. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock has a 1:100 voting right and is
convertible into 100 shares of common stock. No dividends will be paid and in the event of liquidation all shares of Series B will automatically
convert into common stock. There are shares of Series B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

shares of Series C Preferred Stock, par value per share value. Each share of Series C Preferred Stock has a 1:50 voting right and
is convertible into 50 shares of common stock. No dividends will be paid and in the event of liquidation all shares of Series C will automatically
convert into common stock. There are no shares of Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

F- 14 

is being used. 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net provision for Federal income taxes 
 -
 
 -

of significant
items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows: 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 -
 
 -

that may be offset against future taxable income. NOLs from tax years up to 2017 can be
carried forward twenty years. Under the CARES Act, the Company carry forward NOLs indefinitely for
NOLs generated in a tax year beginning after 2017, that remain after they are carried back to tax years in the five-year carryback period.
 No tax benefit has been reported in the December 31, 2022 financial statements since the potential tax benefit is offset by a valuation
allowance of the same amount. 

F- 15 

Granted 

Expired 

Increased for adjustment (1) 

Exercised 

Exercisable at December 31, 2021 

Granted (1) 

Expired 

Exercised 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

years 

F- 16 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Management s Report Disclosure Controls
and Procedures 

During the fourth quarter of the year ended December
31, 2022, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that,
as of the end of the period covered in this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the required time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

Our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all error or fraud.
A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives
of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the
benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation
of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 

To address the material weaknesses, we performed
additional analysis and other post-closing procedures in an effort to ensure our financial statements included in this annual report have
been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. In addition, we engaged accounting consultants to assist
in the preparation of our financial statements. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this report
fairly present in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal
executive and principal financial officers, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. The management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over our financial reporting. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using
the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) developed by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our internal control
over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

11 

We are aware of the following material weaknesses
in internal control that could adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data: 

Due to our size and limited resources, we currently do not employ the appropriate accounting personnel to ensure (a) we maintain proper segregation of duties, (b) that all transactions are entered timely and accurately, and (c) we properly account for complex or unusual transactions 

Due to our size and scope of operations, we currently do not have an independent audit committee in place 

Due to our size and limited resources, we have not properly documented a complete assessment of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting. 

Inherent limitations on effectiveness of controls 

Internal control over financial reporting has
inherent limitations, which include but is not limited to the use of independent professionals for advice and guidance, interpretation
of existing and/or changing rules and principles, segregation of management duties, scale of organization, and personnel factors. Internal
control over financial reporting is a process, which involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and
breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper
management override. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements
on a timely basis, however these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process and it is possible to design
into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide
only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal controls
over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2022, that have materially or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None 

Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS 

None. 

12 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The names of our director and executive officers
as of December 31, 2022, their ages, positions, and biographies are set forth below. Our executive officers are appointed by, and serve
at the discretion of, our board of directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Russell Bird 
 
 74 
 
 Chairman and Director 
 
 Tom Wood 
 
 76 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Jonathan B. Lane 
 
 62 
 
 Vice President and Chief Technology Officer 

Russell F. Bird has
been our Chairman and Director since January 1, 2015 and our President since January 1, 2019. From year to year, he operated businesses
that offered sleep apnea interfaces, devices, and other respiratory equipment and supplies. From May 23, 2013 to the present, he has been
the Managing Member of REMSleep, LLC, an Iowa limited liability company. In 1979, he founded Medical Gases Australia, a medical manufacturing
and distribution firm that specializing in respiratory and other health products. Medical Gases Australia placed the first patients on
CPAP therapy. He then started Medical Industries of America in 1985, a medical manufacturing and distribution firm specializing in respiratory
and other health products. 

Thomas J. Wood has been
our Chief Executive Officer and Director effective January 1, 2015. From May 23, 2013 to the present, he has been the Managing Member
of REMSleep, LLC, an Iowa limited liability company. Thomas J. Wood has been awarded several U.S. patents in the area of sleep apnea.
He is the inventor and developer of Nasal Aire, which won the 2004 Frost and Sullivan Award for Product Innovation. His US Patents also
include the Nasal Aire II and Petite Nasal Aire. Tom has 25 years of experience as a respiratory therapist in the ICU at Baylor Medical
Center and Parkland Memorial hospitals in Dallas, Texas. He also worked for two years with the Muscular Dystrophy Association, responsible
for respiratory care for patients with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis. 

Jonathan B. Lane has
been serving as the Chief Technology Officer of the Company since July 2018 and Vice President since January 2019. Mr. Lane has 35 years
of design and engineering experience. He was the CEO/Founder of Badencorp from 1992 to 2018, and Director of Engineering/Co-founder of
Searchmont Engine Company from 2006 to 2009. Jonathan worked twelve years for various fortune 500 companies including Boeing, General
Dynamics and Bell Helicopter. From there, he went on to form his own company, Badencorp, which specialized in providing engineering and
design services across all disciplines within Aerospace, Automotive, Biomedical, Consumer Products and Heavy Industries. 

Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws both
provide for the indemnification of our officers and directors, to the fullest extent, permitted by Nevada law. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 requires our directors, executive officers and persons who own more than ten percent of our common stock, to file with the SEC initial
reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock. Officers, directors and ten-percent or greater beneficial
owners are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based upon a review of
those forms and representations regarding the need for filing for the year ended December 31, 2022, we believe all necessary forms have
been filed. 

Board Composition 

Our Board of Directors currently consists of two
members, Thomas J. Wood and Russell F. Bird. Each director of the Company serves until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until
his successor is elected and duly qualified, or until his earlier death, resignation or removal. Our board is authorized to appoint persons
to the offices of Chairman of the Board of Directors, President, Chief Executive Officer, one or more vice presidents, a Treasurer or
Chief Financial Officer and a Secretary and such other offices as may be determined by the board. 

13 

Director Independence 

We currently do not have any independent directors,
as the term independent is defined in Section 803A of the NYSE Amex LLC Company Guide. Since the OTC Markets does not have
rules regarding director independence, the Board makes its determination as to director independence based on the definition of independence 
as defined under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange NYSE and American Stock Exchange Amex ). 

Board Committees 

Our board does not currently have a standing Audit
Committee, Compensation Committee or Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee due the board s limited size and the Company s
limited operations. The entire Board of Directors performs all functions that would otherwise be performed by committees. Given the present
size of our Board, it is not practical for us to have committees other than those described above, or to have more than two directors
on such committees. If we are able to grow our business and increase our operations, we intend to expand the size of our board and our
committees and allocate responsibilities accordingly. 

Board Leadership Structure and Risk Oversight 

The Board of Directors oversees our business and
considers the risks associated with our business strategy and decisions. The board currently implements its risk oversight function as
a whole. Each of the board committees, when established, will provide risk oversight in respect of its areas of concentration and report
material risks to the board for further consideration. 

Code of Ethics 

We have not adopted a code of ethics due to our
limited size. We intend to adopt a code of ethics when warranted. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation 

The following table provides information as to
cash compensation of all executive officers of the Company, for each of the Company s last two fiscal years. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Stock 
 Option 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 
 All Other 

Name and 
 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 principal position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Russell Bird 
 2022 
 81,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 81,000 
 
 (Chairman) 
 2021 
 24,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 24,000 
 
 Tom Wood 
 2022 
 84,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 84,000 
 
 (Executive Officer) 
 2021 
 48,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 48,000 
 
 Jonathan B. Lane 
 2022 
 66,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 66,000 
 
 (Vice President and Chief Technology Officer) 
 2021 
 26,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 26,000 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End .
There were no outstanding equity awards as of December 31, 2022. 

14 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth, as of April 17,
2023, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock by: (i) each person known to us to be
the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5 of our outstanding shares of common stock, (ii) each director or nominee for director
of our Company, (iii) each of the executives, and (iv) our directors and executive officers as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, the
address of each shareholder is c/o our company at our principal office address: 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1)(2) 
 Shares of Common Stock 
 Percent of Class 
 
 Russell Bird, Chairman (3) 
 26,219,494 
 1.79 
 
 Tom Wood, CEO (4) 
 25,969,494 
 1.78 
 
 Jonathan B. Lane, COO 
 1,000,000 

All Officers and Directors as a Group (3 persons) 
 53,188,988 
 3.57 

-
less than 1 

(1) 
 Beneficial ownership is calculated based on 1,461,616,601 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of the date hereof, together with securities exercisable or convertible into such shares within sixty (60) days of the date hereof for each stockholder. The shares of common stock issuable pursuant to those convertible securities, options or warrants are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such convertible securities, options or warrants but are not deemed outstanding for the purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

(2) 
 The address for each of the officers and directors is c/o Remsleep Holding, Inc., 14175 ICOT Blvd, Suite 300, Clearwater, FL 33760 . 

(3) 
 Russell Bird also owns 2,500,000 Preferred A Shares, which shares may be converted on a 1 to 1 basis. No Preferred A Shares have been converted. He also owns 250,000 Preferred B Shares, which shares may be converted on a 1 to 100 basis. No Preferred B Shares have been converted. 

(4) 
 Tom Wood also owns 2,500,000 Preferred A Shares, which shares may be converted on a 1 to 1 basis. No Preferred A Shares have been converted. He also owns 250,000 Preferred B Shares, which shares may be converted on a 1 to 100 basis. No Preferred B Shares have been converted. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

The Company has received support from its Chairman,
Russell Bird through a series of loans prior to 2019. These loans are unsecured, and due on demand. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the balance due on these loans is 179,191 and 179,191, respectively. Beginning on January 1, 2019, the balance due accrues interest
at 12.5 . As of December 31, 2022, total accrued interest is 90,119. During the third quarter Mr. Bird, advanced the Company an additional
 1,523. The advance was paid back as of December 31, 2022. 

The Company executed a new employment agreement
with Mr. Wood on April 1, 2022. Per the terms of the agreement Mr. Wood is to be compensated 8,000 per month. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, there is 2,000 and 2,000 of accrued compensation, respectively, due to Mr. Wood. During the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, cash payments of 84,000 and 48,000, respectively, were paid to Mr. Wood. 

15 

The Company executed a new employment agreement
with its Chairman, Russell Bird, on April 1, 2022. Per the terms of the agreement, which is effective for one year, Mr. Bird is to be
compensated 8,000 per month. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there is 50,000 and 45,000 of accrued compensation, respectively, due
to Mr. Bird. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash payments of 76,000 and 24,000, respectively, were paid to Mr. Bird. 

The Company has entered into an at-will consulting
agreement with Jonathan Lane to serve as Chief Technology Officer. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company made
cash payments to Mr. Lane of 66,000 and 26,000, respectively. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company paid 9,000 and 9,000, respectively, to the brother of the CEO for services related to development of the Company s
product. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company paid 1,000 and 12,000, respectively, to the son of the CEO for website design services. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit Fees 

The aggregate fees billed for professional services
rendered by our auditor for the audit and review of our financial statements for the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to 32,200 and 33,400, respectively. 

Audit-Related Fees 

During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 our principal accountant rendered assurance and related services reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review
of our financial statements in the amount of 0 and 0, respectively. 

Tax Fees 

The aggregate fees billed for professional services
rendered by our principal accountant for the tax compliance for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 3,345 and 3,263, respectively. 

All Other Fees 

During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were
no fees billed for products and services provided by the principal accountant other than those set forth above. 

16 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 

4.1 
 
 Description of Registered Securities ) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ) 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

(1) Filed herewith 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

17 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused the report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

REMSleep Holdings, Inc 

By: 
 /s/ Tom Wood 

Tom Wood 

Chief Executive Officer, Director 

Date: 
 April 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Russell Bird 

Russell Bird 

Chairman 

Date: 
 April 17, 2023 

18 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_remsleep.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTERED SECURITIES )

Exhibit 4.1 

Description
of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Amended 

Our Common Stock, 0.001 par value
per share, is the only class of securities of REMSleep Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), registered pursuant
to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The common stock is listed on the OTCQB under the symbol RMSL. 

The following description of the Company s
common stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. For a complete description of the terms and provisions of the Company s
equity securities, including its common stock, refer to the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. 

Authorized Shares of Capital Stock 

We are authorized to issue 3,000,000,000
shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share. The outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 

The transfer agent and registrar for our
common stock is Securities Stock Transfer . 

We are also authorized to issue up to
15,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. Our Articles provide that shares of preferred stock may be issued from
time to time, in one or more series, with such designations, relative rights, preferences, limitations, dividend rights, redemption prices,
liquidation prices, conversion rights, sinking or purchase fund rights or other privileges as our board of directors may establish. 

Voting Rights 

Holders of our common stock are entitled
to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders and do not have cumulative voting rights. Therefore,
holders of a majority of the shares of common stock voting for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Holders of common
stock representing a majority of the voting power of our capital stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote, represented in person
or by proxy, are necessary to constitute a quorum at any meeting of Company shareholders. A vote by the holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares is required to effectuate certain fundamental corporate changes, such as liquidation, merger or an amendment to the articles of
incorporation. 

Dividend Rights 

The holders of common stock may receive
cash dividends if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available for that purpose, subject to the rights of any holders
of preferred shares and any other restrictions that may be applicable to the Company. 

Rights upon Liquidation 

In the event of our liquidation or
dissolution, the holders of common stock are entitled to receive proportionately all assets available for distribution to stockholders
after the payment of all debts and other liabilities and subject to the prior rights of any outstanding preferred stock. Holders of common
stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of common stock
are subject to and may be adversely affected by the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we may designate
and issue in the future. 

Other Rights and Preferences 

Holders of common stock have no preemptive
or similar equity preservation rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. The rights,
powers, preferences and privileges of holders of our common stock will be subject to those of the holders of any shares of our preferred
stock that we may authorize and issue in the future. For example, issuance of preferred stock could result in a class of securities outstanding
that will have preferences with respect to dividends and in liquidation over the common stock and could (upon conversion or otherwise)
enjoy all of the rights appurtenant to common stock. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_remsleep.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Thomas J. Wood, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q for the year
ended December 31, 2022, of REMSleep Holdings, Inc.: 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. As the registrant's sole certifying officer
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. As the registrant's sole certifying officer
I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Thomas J. Wood 

Thomas J. Wood 

Chief Executive Officer, 
Chief Financial Officer, and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_remsleep.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350 

 ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

1. In connection with the Annual Report of REMSleep Holdings, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Thomas J. Wood, Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer of REMSleep Holdings, Inc., certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

the anny report on Form 10-K of the Company for the quarter
ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Thomas J. Wood 

Thomas J. Wood 

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 rmsl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 rmsl-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 rmsl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 rmsl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 rmsl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

