<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230405_10-K_edgar_data_1843370_0001140361-23-016751.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5244997</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>477669</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>915432</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1207011</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1415391</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1047577</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-016751.hdr.sgml : 20230405
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230405170335
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-016751
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230405
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230405

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			bleuacacia ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001843370
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41074
		FILM NUMBER:		23803374

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(857) 891-4372

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 FIFTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		44TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-016751.txt : 20230405

10-K
 1
 brhc10050319_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

or

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from to

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

(Zip Code) 

) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading

 Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange

 on which registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
 preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
 growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
 financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over
 financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are
 registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check
 mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022
 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately (based on the closing sales price of the Class A ordinary shares on June 30, 2022 of 9.74, as reported on Nasdaq.

As of April 4, 2023, Class A ordinary
 shares, par value 0.0001, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 were issued and outstanding.

BLEUACACIA LTD

FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

PART I 

1

Item 1

Business 

1

Item 1A

Risk Factors 

21

Item 1B

Unresolved Staff Comments 

62 

Item 2

Properties 

62 

Item 3

Legal Proceedings 

62 

Item 4

Mine Safety Disclosures 

62 

PART II 

63 

Item 5

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

63 

Item 6

Selected Financial Data 

65 

Item 7

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

66 

Item 7A

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 

71 

Item 8

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

F-1 

Item 9

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

72 

Item 9A

Controls and Procedures 

72 

Item 9B

Other Information 

73 

PART III 

74 

Item 10

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

74 

Item 11

Executive Officer and Director Compensation 

84

Item 12

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

85 

Item 13

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

87 

Item 14

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

89 

PART IV 

90 

Item 15

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

90 

Item 16

Form 10-K Summary 

92 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K contains statements that are forward-looking in nature. This includes, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and
 Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other
 characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, 
 potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K
 may include, for example, statements about:

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses;

our ability to complete our initial business combination;

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses;

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;

our directors and officers allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination;

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;

our pool of prospective target businesses;

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and resulting sanctions, the recent COVID-19 pandemic, adverse changes in
 general economic conditions (including inflation and market interest rates), industry conditions, and competitive conditions, and adverse changes in government regulation;

the ability of our directors and officers to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities;

our public securities potential liquidity and trading;

the lack of a market for our securities;

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance;

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties;

our being a company with no operating history and no operating revenues;

our financial performance; or

the other risk and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, elsewhere in this Form 10-K and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ).

The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their
 potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or
 other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described
 under the heading Risk Factors. 

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these
 forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.

Table of Contents 

PART I

References in this Form 10-K to (i) we, us, our or the Company are to bleuacacia ltd, a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company, (ii) our
 initial shareholders are to our sponsor (as defined below) and the other holders of our founder shares prior to the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering (iii) our management or our management team are to our directors and
 officers; and (iv) the sponsor are to bleuacacia sponsor LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company.

Item 1. Business 

Overview

We are a blank check company incorporated on February 11, 2021, as a Cayman Islands exempted company. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset
 acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Form 10-K as our initial business combination. Although we are not limited to a particular industry or
 geographic region for purposes of consummating a business combination, we intend to focus our search on a premium branded consumer retail business. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business
 activities, we are a shell company as defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting solely of cash and/or cash equivalents.

We will seek to capitalize on the substantial deal sourcing, investing and operating expertise of our management team to pursue acquisitions of global high-growth premium consumer-facing brands
 that have a powerful emotional engagement with millennial and Gen-Z consumers. We expect to favor potential target businesses with certain industry and business characteristics, including long term growth prospects, high barriers to entry,
 opportunities for consolidation, robust recurring revenues, sustainable operating margins and lucrative free cash flow dynamics. We intend to focus on businesses where we believe our management s background and experience operating businesses with
 premium consumer-facing brands can assist in executing an accelerated plan to create value for our shareholders in the public markets. We may also pursue acquisition opportunities in other sectors.

On November 22, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 27,600,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units, the Public Shares ),
 including the issuance of 3,600,000 Units as a result of the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 276.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 16.3 million,
 of which approximately 9,660,000 million was for deferred underwriting commissions.

On November 22, 2021, simultaneously with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, we completed the private sale (the Private Placement of an aggregate of 7,520,000 warrants (the
 Private Placement Warrants to the sponsor at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of 7,520,000.

A total of 276,000,000, comprised of 270,480,000 of the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering (which amount includes 9,660,000 of the underwriters deferred discount) and 5,520,000 of the
 proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee.

On January 7, 2022, we announced that the holders of Units may elect to separately trade the Class A ordinary shares, rights and redeemable warrants included in the Units commencing on January
 10, 2022. Each Unit consists of one Class A Ordinary Share, one right and one-half of one redeemable warrant to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share. Any Units not separated will continue to trade on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (the Nasdaq under
 the symbol BLEUU. Any underlying Class A Ordinary Shares, rights and redeemable warrants that are separated will trade on Nasdaq under the symbols BLEU, BLEUR and BLEUW, respectively. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of
 the Units and only whole warrants will trade.

1 

Table of Contents 

Premium Consumer-Facing Brands: Secular Inflection Point

Millennial and Gen-Z consumers, who represent a large and expanding proportion of retail consumption, seek brands with authentic values that align with their personal values. Consumers engage
 emotionally with the most powerful brands across both digital and brick-and-mortar facilities and in formal and informal locations. In addition, data is playing a critical role in enabling leaner, faster and more consumer-responsive business
 processes from product design and supply chain to marketing and direct engagement with the consumer. We believe our management team is well positioned to identify those brands and teams that are able to leverage the above trends. In addition to
 identifying such merger opportunities, we believe our management s strategic and operational experience can help a target lean into secular growth. Such growth is driven by meeting changing consumer needs and by building relevance outside of a
 brand s core geographic markets.

We believe that well managed brands can realize tremendous growth over the next decade. As such, this is an exciting time to pursue acquisitions of globally relevant, premium and consumer-facing
 brands that have a powerful emotional engagement with millennial and Gen-Z consumers.

Our management has developed a network of relationships with a broad and diverse set of business leaders who are building brands that have powerful and authentic relationships with their
 customers. Powerful brands present high barriers to entry, robust recurring revenues, sustainable operating margins and lucrative free cash flow dynamics.

We believe our management s multi-decade track record of building and growing premium consumer-facing brands and retail businesses positions us well to create value for our shareholders. Our team
 has a combination of deep operating experience and broad investment credentials, having worked at each stage of a company s lifecycle. Their work has involved structuring transactions and building businesses as principal, operator, and advisor.

We are well placed, at a key moment of industry change, to capitalize on our management team s successful, broad, and complementary track record of: (a) sourcing exceptional franchises, (b)
 structuring and pricing attractive corporate combinations, and (c) leveraging their substantial operating experience to enhance and accelerate the strategy and implementation work of target management.

Business Strategy

Our business strategy is to identify and consummate an initial business combination with a target that can benefit from the industry, operating, and investment experience of our management team.
 Our management s track record of long-term value creation positions us well to appropriately evaluate potential business combinations and select one that we believe will be well received by the public markets. Our disciplined sourcing strategy will
 focus on identifying and assessing companies where we believe the combination of our global operating experience, relationships, and capital markets expertise: (a) can be catalysts to transform a target company, and (b) can help accelerate the
 target s growth (digital and brick-and-mortar), geographic expansion, and performance (margins and asset utilization). Our differentiated sourcing process includes our deep understanding of brands and successful business models plus our extensive
 global network all built over more than three decades. We believe this disciplined thematic process should provide us with a number of attractive business combination opportunities.

Key elements of our multi-pronged sourcing process include:

long-term proprietary relationships with leaders and companies operating in our markets;

direct relationships with leading private equity and venture capital firms; and

deep entrenchment in advisor deal flow with established relationships across our target sector.

Upon completion of the Initial Public Offering, members of our management team immediately began the search for a target business by communicating with their network of relationships and other
 interested parties to articulate our initial business combination criteria and guidelines.

Our management team has experience in:

identifying, sourcing, structuring, acquiring, operating, and selling businesses;

fostering relationships with sellers, capital providers, and target management teams;

negotiating transactions favorable to our investors;

executing transactions in multiple geographies and under varying economic and financial market conditions;

2 

Table of Contents 

accessing the capital markets, including financing businesses and helping companies transition to public ownership; and

building durable businesses and creating long-term shareholder value through operations, capital allocation, and governance.

Our Value Proposition

Once we consummate a business combination, our executives would, depending on the circumstances, aim to support the target company s senior management team, enhancing current and future
 profitability by leveraging our experience in executing both strategic and operational business plans. Our executives bring a wealth of first-hand knowledge from the retail industry. Key areas of value creation include the following:

Branding and Marketing: Our management team has a proven track record in brand creation and lifecycle management and creating strong emotional connection with a brand s customers.

End-to-End Retail Operations: Our management team has multiple years of experience in product and service development, sourcing logistics and technology.

Global Experience: Our management team has vast experience in developing new international markets and coordinating global support infrastructures from multiple geographies.

Growth Focus: We are focused on driving value through brand, product and omni channel expansions while achieving operational optimization.

Leadership and Mentoring: Our management team has C-suite (Chairman/CEO) level experience across multiple businesses, with significant experience in leading, identifying, mentoring and retaining key
 management talent.

Business Combination Criteria

Our strategy is to identify companies that have compelling growth potential and a combination of the following characteristics. We will apply the following criteria and guidelines in evaluating
 acquisition opportunities to identify a target business that:

has a large addressable market with a strong existing and potential customer base;

has a brand that has a powerful emotional engagement with millennial and Gen-Z consumers;

has a driven and diverse management team with a track record of delivering against their strategic objectives;

has a strong, distinct, and inclusive culture that enables employees and leaders to fully apply their life experiences to their work;

has a history of strong fundamentals and operating results, such as visible, recurring revenues, scalable growth, and best-in-class operating margins, all of which should provide a realistic path to
 translating into attractive free cash flow characteristics, which can be improved further under our ownership;

exhibits unrecognized value or other characteristics that we believe have been misevaluated or mispriced by the marketplace;

has a team and a business model that can benefit from our management team s operating and investment expertise, industry perspective and skillset, operating playbook, and technological and innovation
 capabilities;

has a leadership team that is prepared to be a publicly traded company;

has a strategy where growth and stability will benefit from access to broader capital markets; and

offers an attractive risk-adjusted return for our shareholders.

Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and
 criteria that our management may deem relevant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. In the event that we decide to
 enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications related to our
 initial business combination, which, as discussed in this Form 10-K, would be in the form of tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials that we would file with the SEC.

3 

Table of Contents 

Acquisition Process

In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document
 reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as applicable, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move forward with a
 particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction.

The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently
 ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will
 result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds available for us to use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for
 services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination.

Our search for a business combination, ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be
 materially adversely affected by global or regional conditions. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Global or regional conditions may adversely affect our business and our ability to consummate our initial business combination .

Initial Business Combination

Nasdaq listing rules require that our initial business combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in
 the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriters fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account). We refer to this as the 80 of net assets test. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value
 of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able independently to determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another
 independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it likely that our board of directors will be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our
 initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the target s assets or prospects. We do not
 currently intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination, although there is no assurance that will be the case. In addition, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business
 combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors.

We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the issued and outstanding
 equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business
 in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding
 voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
 Company Act ). Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction
 company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our initial business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the issued and
 outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity securities of a target, or issue a substantial number of new shares to third parties in connection with financing our initial business combination. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling
 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares
 subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned
 or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If our initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target
 businesses. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of net assets test.

4 

Table of Contents 

Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities (including other special purpose acquisition
 companies they are or may become involved with) pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a
 business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may need to honor these fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination
 opportunity to such other entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Therefore, our management team, in their capacities as directors, officers or employees of other entities, may choose to present potential business
 combinations to such other entities, current or future entities affiliated with or managed by our sponsor, or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law and any other
 applicable fiduciary duties. Our directors and officers are also not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities,
 including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual
 serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we
 renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. For more
 information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Certain of our directors, officers and senior advisors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by
 us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

In particular, certain of our officers and directors have fiduciary and contractual duties to The Keffi Group or the Benvolio Group LLC and to certain companies in which one or more of them has
 invested. These entities, including The Keffi Group and the Benvolio Group LLC, may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunities.
 Subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, none of the members of our management team who are also employed by The Keffi Group or the Benvolio Group LLC or their affiliates have any obligation to present us with any
 opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware. Our management team, in their capacities as directors, officers or employees of The Keffi Group or the Benvolio Group LLC or their affiliates, may choose to present
 potential business combinations to the related entities described above, current or future entities affiliated with or managed by our sponsor, or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties
 under Cayman Islands law and any other applicable fiduciary duties.

In addition, our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor, form, invest in or otherwise become involved with other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours, including in
 connection with their initial business combination, or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional
 conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, or completing the business combination through a
 joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee
 of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm stating that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial
 point of view.

5 

Table of Contents 

Members of our management team, our independent directors and our senior advisors directly or indirectly own founder shares and/or Private Placement Warrants and, accordingly, may have a conflict
 of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to
 evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.

Sourcing of Potential Business Combination Targets

We believe our management team s significant operating, investment and transaction experience set and differentiated relationships with company management and ownership teams across our target
 sector will provide us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships around the
 world. This network has grown through the activities of our management team operating, sourcing, acquiring, financing and selling businesses, our management team s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams and the
 experience of our management team in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. In addition, members of our management team have developed contacts from serving on the boards of directors of several companies.

We believe this network will provide our management team with a robust and consistent flow of acquisition opportunities which are proprietary or where a limited group of investors are invited to
 participate in the sale process. We believe that the network of contacts and relationships of our management team will provide us with important sources of acquisition opportunities. In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates will
 be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds and large business enterprises seeking to divest non-core assets or divisions.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, directors or officers, or making the acquisition through a joint venture or
 other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, directors or officers. In the event we seek to complete an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, directors or officers, we, or a committee of independent and
 disinterested directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another valuation or appraisal firm that regularly renders fairness opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire that such an
 initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.

Status as a Public Company

We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer target businesses an alternative to the traditional
 initial public offering through a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their equity securities, shares or
 shares of stock in the target business for our shares (or shares of a new holding company formed for the purpose of effecting the business combination) or for a combination of our shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the
 specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than
 the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business
 combination with us.

Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters 
 ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of
 providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees.

6 

Table of Contents 

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). We will remain an emerging
 growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which
 we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more
 than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations,
 including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates
 equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700
 million as of the prior June 30th.

Financial Position

With funds available for a business combination initially in the amount of 267,615,000, in each case, after offering expenses of 725,000, we offer a target business a variety of options such as
 creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination
 using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and
 desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third-party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us.

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination

We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our shares, debt or a
 combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or
 growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses.

If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our
 initial business combination or the redemptions of our public shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the
 post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.

While we may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry, we intend to focus our search on global high-growth consumer-facing brands that have a powerful emotional engagement
 with millennial and Gen-Z consumers. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our
 management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those
 risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business.

We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate our
 initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. In addition, we intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net
 proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, and, as a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemptions
 by public shareholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously
 with the completion of our initial business combination.

7 

Table of Contents 

In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business combination would
 disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law or we decide to do so for business or other reasons, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through
 loans in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter. At this time we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect
 to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. None of our sponsor, officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination.

Sources of Target Businesses

We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and private investment funds. Target businesses may
 be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis,
 since many of these sources will have read the prospectus filed in connection with the Initial Public Offering and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our
 attention target business candidates of which they become aware through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to
 receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the track record and business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging
 the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other
 compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise
 be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of a finder s fee is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in
 which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, or from completing the business
 combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor,
 officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm, that such an initial business combination is fair
 to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination

Nasdaq rules require that our initial business combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the
 trust account (excluding any deferred underwriters fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account). We refer to this as the 80 of net assets test. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of
 directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation or value of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able independently to determine the fair market
 value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not
 currently intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination, although there is no assurance that will be the case. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually
 unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with
 nominal operations.

8 

Table of Contents 

In any case, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or
 otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or
 businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. There is no basis for our investors to
 evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination.

To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous
 risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors.

In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees,
 document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information, which will be made available to us. If we determine to move forward with a particular
 target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction.

The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently
 ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring
 losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination.

Lack of business diversification

For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike
 other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single
 line of business.

By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would not
 be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of
 a single industry.

Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which
 we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination.

Limited ability to evaluate the target s management team

Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our
 assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our
 management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is
 unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the
 operations of the particular target business.

9 

Table of Contents 

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will
 remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.

Following our initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the
 ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management.

Shareholders may not have the ability to approve our initial business combination

We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.
 However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons.

Under the rules of Nasdaq, shareholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example:

we issue (other than in a public offering for cash) ordinary shares that will either (a) be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of Class A ordinary shares then issued and outstanding or (b) have voting
 power equal to or in excess of 20 of the voting power then outstanding;

any of our directors, officers or substantial security holders (as defined by the rules of Nasdaq) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or
 indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more; or

the issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control.

The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock
 exchange listing requirements will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and legal reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: (i) the timing of the transaction, including in the
 event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on
 the company; (ii) the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote; (iii) the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; (iv) other time and budget constraints of the company; and (v) additional legal
 complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders.

The Companies Law and Cayman Islands law do not currently require, and we are not aware of any other applicable law that will require, shareholder approval of our initial business combination.

10 

Table of Contents 

Permitted purchases and other transactions with respect to our securities

In the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
 rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may purchase public shares, rights or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our
 initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of securities such persons may purchase. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to
 material non-public information), our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public
 shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such
 transactions. None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares, rights or warrants in such transactions. Such persons will be subject to restrictions in making any such purchases when they are in possession of any
 material non-public information or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no
 longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. We will adopt an insider trading policy which will require insiders to (1) refrain from purchasing securities during certain blackout periods and when
 they are in possession of any material non-public information and (2) clear certain trades prior to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon
 several factors, including but not limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. In the
 event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a
 proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. We do not currently
 anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers
 determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules.

The purpose of such transaction could be to (1) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of our initial business
 combination, (2) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination, (3) reduce the number of rights outstanding or
 vote such rights on any matters submitted to the rights holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (4) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a
 certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been
 possible.

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our securities and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain or
 obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.

Our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and/or any of their respective affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any
 of their respective affiliates may pursue privately negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of public shares) following our mailing of
 tender offer or proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates enter into private transactions, they would identify and
 contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination. Such persons would select the shareholders
 from whom to acquire shares based on the number of shares available, the negotiated price per share and such other factors as any such person may deem relevant at the time of purchase. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be
 different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates will be
 restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws.

Any purchases by our sponsor, directors, officers and/or any of their respective affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will be restricted unless such
 purchases are made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order
 for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, directors, officers and/or any of their respective affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule
 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements.

11 

Table of Contents 

Redemption rights for public shareholders upon completion of our initial business combination

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price,
 payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable),
 divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. At the completion of our initial business combination, we will be required to purchase any ordinary shares properly delivered for
 redemption and not withdrawn. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred
 underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion
 of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Our initial shareholders, directors, officers and senior advisors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights
 with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than
 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii)
 the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash
 conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted
 for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including
 pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements.

Manner of Conducting Redemptions

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (1) in connection
 with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (2) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us,
 solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing
 requirement. Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to
 amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. We intend to conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless shareholder
 approval is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons.

If a shareholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association:

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and
 the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.

12 

Table of Contents 

Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in
 accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange
 Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than a specified number of
 public shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions, or any greater net tangible asset or cash
 requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business
 combination.

If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other
 reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association:

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and

file proxy materials with the SEC.

We expect that a final proxy statement would be mailed to public shareholders at least 10 days prior to the shareholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made
 available to such shareholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Although we are not required to do so, we currently intend to comply with the
 substantive and procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any shareholder vote even if we are not able to maintain our Nasdaq listing or Exchange Act registration.

In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the
 redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination.

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of
 holders of a majority of ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, our initial shareholders have agreed (and their permitted transferees
 will agree) to vote their founder shares and any public shares held by them (including public shares purchased in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. Our directors, officers and senior
 advisors also have agreed to vote in favor of our initial business combination with respect to public shares acquired by them, if any. We expect that at the time of any shareholder vote relating to our initial business combination, our initial
 shareholders and their permitted transferees will own at least 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares entitled to vote thereon. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares without voting and, if they do vote,
 irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our initial shareholders, directors, officers and senior advisors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive
 their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with the completion of a business combination.

We intend to require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either
 deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy
 materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct
 redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote
 in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will
 indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. We believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently process any redemptions without the need for further communication or action from the
 redeeming public shareholders, which could delay redemptions and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed initial business combination is not approved and we continue to search for a target company, we will promptly return any
 certificates or shares delivered by public shareholders who elected to redeem their shares.

13 

Table of Contents 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than
 5,000,001 following such redemptions. Redemptions of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed
 business combination may require: (1) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners; (2) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes; or (3) the retention of cash to satisfy other
 conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all public shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to
 satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all ordinary shares submitted for
 redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other
 indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash
 requirements.

Limitation on redemption upon completion of our initial business combination if we seek shareholder approval

Notwithstanding the foregoing redemption rights, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
 combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is
 acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as
 the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights
 against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our sponsor or its affiliates to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public
 shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our sponsor or its affiliates at a premium to
 the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders
 to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain
 amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

14 

Table of Contents 

Tendering share certificates in connection with a tender offer or redemption rights

We may require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to
 our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we
 distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, rather than simply voting against the initial business combination. In
 addition, if we accept redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days
 prior to the scheduled vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial
 business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. We believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently process any redemptions without the need for further
 communication or action from the redeeming public shareholders, which could delay redemptions and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed initial business combination is not approved and we continue to search for a target company,
 we will promptly return any certificates or shares delivered by public shareholders who elected to redeem their shares. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our
 initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares.
 Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy
 materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Pursuant to the tender offer rules, the tender offer period will be not less than 20 business days and, in the case of a shareholder vote, a
 final proxy statement would be mailed to public shareholders at least 10 days prior to the shareholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such shareholders well in advance of such time, providing
 additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares.

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will
 typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders
 seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated.

The foregoing is different from the procedures used by some blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, some blank check companies
 would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise
 his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option
 window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market
 before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving past the
 completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the
 business combination is approved.

Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or two business days prior to the scheduled date of the general
 meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable (unless we elect to allow additional withdrawal rights). Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and
 subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed
 to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination.

If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their
 shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares.

If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until 18 months from the closing of the Initial
 Public Offering or during any extended time that we have to consummate a business combination beyond 18 months as a result of a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (an Extension Period ).

15 

Table of Contents 

Redemption of public shares and liquidation if no initial business combination

Our sponsor, directors, officers and senior advisors have agreed that we will have only 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering to complete our initial business combination. If
 we have not completed our initial business combination within such 18-month period or during any Extension Period, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10
 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which
 interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating
 distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under
 Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our rights or warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to
 complete our initial business combination within the 18-month time period or during any Extension Period.

Our initial shareholders have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their
 founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or during any Extension Period. However, if our initial shareholders acquire public shares, they will be
 entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted 18-month time period or during any Extension Period.

Our sponsor, directors, officers and senior advisors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
 within 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the
 opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of
 taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions.

We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the 1,275,000 of
 proceeds held outside the trust account, as well as from borrowings under the 2022 Note (as defined below), although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the
 costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to
 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses.

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without
 taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, as well as all of the borrowings available under the 2022 Notes (as defined below), the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be
 approximately 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual
 per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

16 

Table of Contents 

Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements
 with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such
 agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability
 of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the
 trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver only if management believes that such third party s engagement would be
 significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are
 believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that
 such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of
 our public shares, if we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment
 of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent
 auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (1) 10.00 per public share or (2)
 such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes,
 except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities,
 including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any
 liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company and, therefore, our
 sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our directors or officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (1) 10.00 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the
 liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations
 or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our
 independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any
 particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be substantially less than 10.00 per share.

We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our
 independent auditors), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also
 not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. . In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined
 that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors.

If we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be
 subject to applicable insolvency law, and may be included in our insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any insolvency claims deplete the trust account, we
 cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any
 distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or insolvency laws as a voidable performance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders.
 Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders
 from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons.

17 

Table of Contents 

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in
 connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein; (2) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend
 our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
 complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (3) the
 redemption of our public shares if we have not completed an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or during any Extension Period, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a
 shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants.

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain certain requirements and restrictions relating to the Initial Public Offering that will apply to us until the consummation
 of our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain a provision which provides that, if we seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the
 substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the
 Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection
 with any such amendment. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that:

prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we shall either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public
 shareholders may seek to redeem their public shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
 trust account, calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to
 tender their public shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, calculated as of two
 business days prior to the completion of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein;

in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions;

if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of holders of a
 majority of shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company;

if our initial business combination is not consummated within 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, then our existence will terminate and we will distribute all amounts in the trust
 account; and

after the completion of the Initial Public Offering and prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional ordinary shares or any other securities that would entitle the holders thereof to
 (1) receive funds from the trust account or (2) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to amend the
 foregoing provisions.

18 

Table of Contents 

These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote in a general meeting. In the event we seek shareholder
 approval in connection with our initial business combination, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we may consummate our initial business combination only if approved by a majority of the ordinary shares
 voted by our shareholders at a duly held general meeting.

Additionally, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to
 vote on the appointment of directors and that holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be
 amended by a special resolution passed by a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares attending and voting in a general meeting. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with
 our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote.

Competition

We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
 other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and
 effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and
 our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and
 the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, and borrowings available under the 2022 Notes (as defined below), our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available
 financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, in the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we are
 obligated to pay cash for our Class A ordinary shares, it will potentially reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a
 business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of the
 trust account and our rights and warrants will expire worthless.

Employees

We currently have four executive officers and do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Members of our management team are not
 obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any such person
 will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process.

Corporate Information

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other
 public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), reduced
 disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden
 parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.

19 

Table of Contents 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act
 for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take
 advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our Initial Public Offering, (b) in
 which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end
 of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company will have the meaning
 associated with it in the JOBS Act.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations,
 including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates
 equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700
 million as of the prior June 30th.

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company incorporated on February 11, 2021. Our executive offices are located at 500 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10110 and our telephone number is (212)
 935-5599. Our corporate website address is www.acacia.blue .

20 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Risk Factor Summary

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained
 in this Form 10-K, including our financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely
 affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are
 unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.

Risks Relating to Our Search For, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination

We are a blank check company with no operating history and no operating revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.

We may not be able to complete our initial business combination by May 22, 2023 (or up to any Extension Period, if applicable), in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, and our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our rights and warrants will expire worthless.

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Global or regional conditions may adversely affect our business and our ability to consummate our initial business combination.

Recent increases in inflation in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.

Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public
 shareholders do not support such a combination.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders, directors, officers and senior advisors have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination,
 regardless of how our public shareholders vote.

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek
 shareholder approval of such business combination.

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into
 a business combination with a target.

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital
 structure.

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and
 that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.

The requirement that we complete our initial business combination by May 22, 2023 (or up to any Extension Period, if applicable) may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business
 combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial
 business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders.

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak and
 other events and the status of debt and equity markets.

21 

Table of Contents 

You are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such
 shares may not be redeemed.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, senior advisors or any of their respective affiliates may elect to purchase shares, rights or warrants
 from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our securities.

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not completed
 our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of their shares, and our rights and warrants will
 expire worthless.

We are dependent on the 2022 Note (as defined below) and may in the future depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search, to pay our taxes and to complete our initial business
 combination.

Risks Relating to Our Securities

Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of our directors prior to our initial business combination.

Certain agreements we entered into in connection with the Initial Public Offering may be amended without shareholder approval.

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares,
 rights and/or warrants, potentially at a loss.

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.

General Risk Factors

As a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq listing standards, we qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. We have the opportunity to elect any of the exemptions
 afforded a controlled company.

Risks Relating to Our Search For, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination

We are a blank check company with no operating history and no operating revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our
 business objective.

We are a blank check company organized under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating revenues, and we will not commence operations until completing our initial business combination.
 Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. If we fail to complete our initial
 business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues.

22 

Table of Contents 

We may not be able to complete our initial business combination by May 22, 2023 (or up to any Extension Period, if applicable), in which case we would
 cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, and our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our
 rights and warrants will expire worthless.

Unlike some other similar blank check companies, we have 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, (May 22, 2023) (or up to any Extension Period, if applicable), to consummate
 an initial business combination. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period or
 during any Extension Period, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in
 cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and
 outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following
 such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of
 other applicable law. In such case, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less than 10.00 per share, on the redemption of their shares, and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. See If third
 parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein.

Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions (including the economic effects of the ongoing military conflict between Russia
 and Ukraine and economic sanctions and other government responses thereto), volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein, including as a result of terrorist attacks, wars, natural disasters or a significant
 outbreak of infectious diseases (including the COVID-19 pandemic). Furthermore, other events such as terrorist attacks, wars, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases may negatively impact businesses we may seek to
 acquire.

In addition, in response to Russia s invasion of Ukraine, the United States, the European Union, and several other countries are imposing far-reaching sanctions and export control restrictions
 on Russian entities and individuals. This conflict and the resulting market volatility could adversely affect global economic, political and market conditions. Additionally, tensions between the United States and China have led to increased
 tariffs and trade restrictions. The United States has imposed economic sanctions on certain Chinese individuals and entities and restrictions on the export of U.S.-regulated products and technology to certain Chinese technology companies. These
 and other global and regional conditions may adversely impact our business and our ability to consummate our initial business combination.

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
 concern. 

In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, management of the
 Company has determined that the Company's liquidity, mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of
 assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after May 22, 2023. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

Global or regional conditions may adversely affect our business and our ability to consummate our initial business combination.

Adverse changes in global or regional economic conditions periodically occur, including recession or slowing growth, changes, or uncertainty in fiscal, monetary or trade policy, higher interest
 rates, tighter credit, inflation, lower capital expenditures by businesses, increases in unemployment and lower consumer confidence and spending. Adverse changes in economic conditions can harm global business, reduce investment banks
 participation in the special purpose acquisition companies SPAC market which can impact our ability to access advisors and reduce the availability of suitable targets, which in turn could materially affect our ability to negotiate and
 complete our initial business combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto, negatively impacting our business.

Such adverse changes could result from geopolitical and security issues, such as armed conflict and civil or military unrest, political instability, human rights concerns and terrorist
 activity, catastrophic events such as natural disasters and public health issues (including the COVID-19 pandemic), supply chain interruptions, new or revised export, import or doing-business regulations, including trade sanctions and tariffs or
 other global or regional occurrences.

23 

Table of Contents 

In addition, United States and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical
 tensions and the invasion of Ukraine by Russia in February 2022. In response to such invasion, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the European Union, and
 several other countries are imposing far-reaching sanctions and export control restrictions on Russian entities and individuals, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial
 Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, the conflict could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices,
 credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. Additionally, Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity
 in capital markets, particularly if current or new sanctions continue for an extended period of time or if geopolitical tensions result in expanded military operations on a global scale. In addition, the invasion of Ukraine by Russia, and the
 impact of sanctions against Russia and the potential for retaliatory acts from Russia, could result in increased cyberattacks against U.S. companies. 

Recent increases in inflation in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.

Recent increases in inflation in the United States and elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, including ours, or other national, regional or
 international economic disruptions, any of which could make it more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.

Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business
 combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination.

We may not hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange rules or
 if we decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance, the rules of Nasdaq currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a general meeting, but would still require us to obtain shareholder approval if we
 were seeking to issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any business combination. Therefore, if we were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our
 issued and outstanding shares, we would seek shareholder approval of such business combination. However, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed
 business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the
 transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Even if we seek shareholder approval, the holders of our founder shares will be able to participate in the vote on such approval. Accordingly, we may consummate our initial
 business combination even if holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we consummate.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders, directors, officers and senior advisors have agreed to vote
 in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote.

Unlike some other blank check companies in which the initial shareholders agree to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by the public shareholders in
 connection with an initial business combination, our initial shareholders, directors, officers and senior advisors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote
 their founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. Our initial shareholders owned 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon closing of the Initial Public Offering. Our initial
 shareholders, management team and senior advisors also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we seek
 shareholder approval of an initial business combination, such initial business combination will be approved if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which, for our company, requires the affirmative vote in respect of a
 majority of the shares by shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, including the founder shares. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 10,350,001, or 37.5 (assuming all
 issued and outstanding shares are voted), or 1,725,001, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 27,600,000 public shares sold in the Initial Public Offering to be voted in favor of an initial
 business combination in order to have such initial business combination approved. Our directors, officers and senior advisors have also entered into the letter agreement, imposing similar obligations on them with respect to public shares acquired
 by them, if any. We expect that our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees will own at least 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares at the time of any such shareholder vote. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of
 our initial business combination, it is more likely that the necessary shareholder approval will be received than would be the case if such persons agreed to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public
 shareholders.

24 

Table of Contents 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of such business combination. 

At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Additionally, since our board of directors
 may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, if we do not seek
 shareholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set
 forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination.

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash.
 If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions
 payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a business combination and such amount of deferred underwriting discount is not available for us to use as consideration in an initial business
 combination. If we are able to consummate an initial business combination, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming shareholders will reflect our obligation to pay and the payment of the deferred underwriting commissions. Furthermore, in
 no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions, or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement
 relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as
 described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into
 a business combination transaction with us.

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most
 desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.

At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights and, therefore, we will need to structure
 the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or
 requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for
 redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive
 equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision of the Class B ordinary shares results in the issuance of Class A ordinary
 shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, the amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be
 adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting
 commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business
 combination available to us or optimize our capital structure.

25 

Table of Contents 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our
 initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.

If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing,
 the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful increases. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If
 you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a
 material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market.

The requirement that we complete our initial business combination by May 22, 2023 (or up to any Extension Period, if applicable) may give potential target
 businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could
 undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders.

Unlike some other similar blank check companies, we have 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (May 22, 2023) (or up to any Extension Period, if applicable) to consummate an
 initial business combination. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the
 Initial Public Offering. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be
 unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the end of the 18-month period. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial
 business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely
 affected by the COVID-19 outbreak and other events and the status of debt and equity markets.

The COVID-19 outbreak has adversely affected, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, wars, global conflicts (including the current events involving Ukraine and Russia) natural disasters or
 a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) could adversely affect, economies and financial markets worldwide, business operations and the conduct of commerce generally, and the business of any potential target business with which we
 consummate a business combination could be, or may already have been, materially and adversely affected. Moreover, the Federal Reserve has shifted its focus to limiting inflationary and other potentially adverse effects of the extensive
 pandemic-related government stimulus, which has led to higher interest rates and greater economic uncertainty. Disruptions and economic uncertainty resulting from COVID-19 or other events (such as terrorist attacks, wars, global conflicts
 (including current events involving Ukraine and Russia) natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) may have a material adverse effect on our ability to consummate a business combination, or on the operations of a
 target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination.

In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist
 attacks, wars, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of increased market volatility and decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or
 at all.

26 

Table of Contents 

Finally, COVID-19 may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border
 transactions.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may
 elect to purchase shares, rights or warrants from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our securities.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our
 sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may purchase public shares, rights or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial
 business combination. Any such price per share may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Additionally, at any time at or
 prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material non-public information), our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may enter into
 transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. There is no limit on the number of shares our
 initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective
 affiliates are under no obligation or duty to do so and they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust
 account will be used to purchase shares, rights or public warrants in such transactions. Such purchases may include a contractual acknowledgment that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial
 owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights.

In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already
 elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of our initial business combination
 and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of our initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at
 the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such
 warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. The purpose of any such purchase of rights could be to reduce the number of rights outstanding or to vote such rights on any
 matters submitted to the rights holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be
 reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements.

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our securities and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain or
 obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.

27 

Table of Contents 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply
 with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.

We will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules,
 if a shareholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we
 will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. For example, we intend to require
 our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent, or to deliver
 their shares to our transfer agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on
 the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written
 request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may
 not be redeemed.

You are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.

Since the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business
 that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the U.S. securities laws. However, because we had net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the successful completion of the Initial Public Offering and the
 sale of the Private Placement Warrants and we filed a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC, including an audited balance sheet of the Company demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank
 check companies, such as Rule 419. Moreover, if the Initial Public Offering was subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust
 account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender of fer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our
 Class A ordinary shares.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our
 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
 Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess
 Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in
 us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that
 number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition
 for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination.

In recent years, the number of blank check companies has increased substantially. Many potential targets for blank check companies have already entered into initial business combinations. As a
 result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available to consummate an initial business combination.

In addition, because there are more blank check companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive
 fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions,
 or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an
 initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether.

28 

Table of Contents 

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an
 initial business combination.

In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance
 companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the
 future.

The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business
 combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense and/or accept less favorable terms.
 Furthermore, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination entity s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, after
 completion of any initial business combination, our directors and officers could be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to such initial business combination. As a result, in order to
 protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business
 combination entity and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors.

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our
 initial business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of
 their shares, and our rights and warrants will expire worthless.

We have encountered, and expect to continue to encounter, intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be
 individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have
 extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more
 local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. Additionally, the number of blank check companies looking for business combination targets has
 increased compared to recent years and many of these blank check companies are sponsored by entities or persons that have significant experience with completing business combinations. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could
 potentially acquire with the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, and borrowings available under the 2022 Notes (as defined herein), our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of
 certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses.

Furthermore, in the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we are obligated to pay cash for our Class A ordinary shares, it will potentially reduce the
 resources available to us for our initial business combination. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive
 disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain
 circumstances, on the liquidation of the trust account and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount
 received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein.

29 

Table of Contents 

If the funds not being held outside the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 18 months following the closing of the
 Initial Public Offering, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination.

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 0.06 million in cash, and working capital of approximately 0.3 million. The funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be
 sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 18 months following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. Since the completion of our Initial Public
 Offering, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. On April 1, 2022, we entered into a convertible promissory note with our sponsor the 2022 Note ). Pursuant to the 2022 Note, we may
 borrow from the sponsor, from time to time, up to an aggregate of 1,500,000. Borrowings under the 2022 Note do not bear interest. The 2022 Note will mature on the earlier to occur of (i) 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering
 (or up to any Extension Period, if applicable) or (ii) the effective date of the Company s initial business combination. In July 2022, we borrowed 300,000 under the 2022 Note. As of December 31, 2022, 300,000 was outstanding under the 2022 Note.
 Our affiliates are not obligated to make additional loans to us in the future, and we may not be able to raise additional financing from unaffiliated parties necessary to fund our expenses. Any such event in the future may negatively impact the
 analysis regarding our ability to continue as a going concern at such time.

We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 18 months following the closing of the Initial Public Offering;
 however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a
 portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such
 target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business
 and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we have not
 completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of the trust account and our rights and
 warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk
 factors herein.

We are dependent on 2022 Note and may in the future depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search, to pay our taxes and to complete
 our initial business combination.

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 0.06 million in cash, and working capital of approximately 0.3 million. On April 1, 2022, we entered into the 2022 Note. If we require additional
 capital, we will need to draw on the 2022 Note, or borrow other funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate, or may be forced to liquidate. None of our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their
 respective affiliates is under any obligation to loan additional funds to, or otherwise invest in, us in such circumstances. Any such loans may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of
 our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans (including amounts drawn under the 2022 Note) may be convertible into Private Placement Warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option
 of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced
 to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In such case, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. See If third
 parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein.

30 

Table of Contents 

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by
 shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share.

Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent
 auditors), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public
 shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary
 responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third
 party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed
 a waiver only if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to
 them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue.

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are
 believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that
 such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of
 our public shares, if we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment
 of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share
 initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors.

Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a
 prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (1) 10.00 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust
 account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver
 of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in
 the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has
 sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Our sponsor may not have sufficient funds available to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to
 reserve for such obligations, and therefore, no funds are currently set aside to cover any such obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination
 and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per public share in connection with any redemption of
 your public shares. None of our directors or officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account
 available for distribution to our public shareholders.

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (1) 10.00 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date
 of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no
 indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent
 directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular
 instance. For example, the cost of such legal action may be deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or the independent directors may determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent
 directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share.

31 

Table of Contents 

The securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets
 held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share.

The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule
 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in
 recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United
 States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share
 of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value
 of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share.

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
 winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors,
 thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages.

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed
 against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or insolvency laws as a voidable preference or a fraudulent conveyance . As a result, a liquidator could seek to
 recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith by paying public shareholders from the trust account
 prior to addressing the claims of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages.

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
 winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our
 shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed
 against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable insolvency law, and may be included in our liquidation estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our
 shareholders. To the extent any liquidation claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation would be reduced.

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our
 activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including:

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and

restrictions on the issuance of securities;

32 

Table of Contents 

each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including:

registration as an investment company with the SEC;

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to.

In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other
 than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities
 and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis.

We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by the trustee only in U.S.
 government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Because the investment of the proceeds will
 be restricted to these instruments, we believe we will meet the requirements for the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other
 securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a
 merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional
 regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our
 public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of the trust account and our rights and warrants will expire worthless.

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to
 negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations.

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements, our business
 combination may be contingent on our ability to comply with certain laws and regulations and any post-business combination company may be subject to additional laws and regulations. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and
 regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our
 ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on
 our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations.

For example, on March 30, 2022, the SEC announced the proposal of new rules and amendments concerning SPACs such as the company that, if adopted, would, among other things: (i) require SPACs to
 include additional and/or enhanced disclosure about conflicts of interest, compensation paid to sponsors, sources of dilution, and the fairness of proposed business combination transactions in certain instances, (ii) prohibit SPACs from taking
 advantage of the liability safe harbor in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding forward-looking statements in SEC filings and with respect to business combination transactions, (iii) deem underwriters in a SPAC s initial
 public offering to be underwriters in any subsequent de-SPAC transaction when certain conditions are met and (iv) implement new and more onerous requirements regarding the use of financial projections in filings with the SEC, including in
 connection with SPAC business combination transactions. There can be no assurance as to if or when the new proposed rules and amendments will be adopted by the SEC or, if adopted, as to any changes that may be made to such proposed rules and
 amendments prior to their adoption or as to when the new rules and amendments would become effective, or whether any of the proposed rules will adversely affect the likelihood of SPACs being able to consummate their initial business combinations.
 These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and may increase the costs and time related
 thereto.

33 

Table of Contents 

If we have not completed our initial business combination by May 22, 2023, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such allotted time period
 before redemption from the trust account.

If we have not completed our initial business combination by May 22, 2023 or during any Extension Period, if applicable, we will distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
 account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of
 winding-up of our affairs, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account shall be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any
 voluntary winding-up. If we are required to wind-up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding-up, liquidation and distribution must comply
 with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act (as Revised) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time (the Companies Law ). In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond the allotted time period before the
 redemption proceeds of the trust account become available to them and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from the trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption
 or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and then only in cases where investors have properly sought to
 redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period and do not amend
 certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior thereto.

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares.

If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on
 which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fell due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may
 be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or as having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the
 claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium
 account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine of up to approximately 18,300 and to imprisonment for up to five years in the Cayman
 Islands.

We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination. Our public shareholders will not have the right
 to elect or remove directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination.

In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on
 Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Law for us to hold annual or general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to discuss company affairs with
 management. In addition, as holders of our Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors prior to consummation of our initial business combination. In addition, holders of a
 majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason.

34 

Table of Contents 

Because we are not limited to a particular industry or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be
 unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business operations.

Because we have not yet selected any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business 
 operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine.
 For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or development stage
 entity. Although our directors and officers will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have
 adequate time to complete due diligence.

Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also
 cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to our investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any shareholder or
 warrant holder who chooses to remain a shareholder or warrant holder, respectively, following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have a
 remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a
 private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.

In addition, although we expect to focus our search for a target business operating one or more premium consumer-facing brands, we may seek to complete a business combination with an operating
 company of any size (subject to our satisfaction of the 80 of net assets test) and in any industry, sector or geographic area. However, we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate
 our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations.

Past performance by our management team and their respective affiliates, including businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of
 future performance of an investment in the company.

Information regarding our management team and their affiliates, including businesses with which they have been associated, is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience or
 performance by our management team and their respective affiliates and the businesses with which they have been associated is not a guarantee either that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination, that we
 will be able to provide positive returns to our shareholders or of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team or their respective affiliates, including
 their experience at Coach, L Brands or Tapestry, as indicative of our future performance or an investment in the company or the returns the company will, or is likely to, generate going forward. The market price of our securities may be influenced
 by numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, and our shareholders may experience losses on their investment in our securities.

We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may be outside of our management s areas of expertise.

We will consider a business combination outside of our management s areas of expertise, if a business combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an
 attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and our
 management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors relevant to such
 acquisition. Accordingly, any shareholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a shareholder or warrant holder, respectively, following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders
 and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

35 

Table of Contents 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our
 initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general
 criteria and guidelines.

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business
 combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination
 with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may
 exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the
 transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business
 combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per
 share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of the trust account and our rights and warrants will expire worthless.

We are not required to obtain an opinion regarding fairness. Consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying
 for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view.

Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity or our board of directors cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses
 (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from a valuation or appraisal firm that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial
 point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be
 disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination.

Members of our management team, board of directors and affiliated companies have been, and may in the future be, subject to significant media coverage and
 involved in civil disputes or governmental or other investigations unrelated to our business.

Members of our management team, board of directors or affiliated companies have been (and intend to be) involved in a wide variety of businesses, including transactions, such as sales and
 purchases of businesses, and ongoing operations. Such involvement has led, and may in the future lead, to significant media coverage, civil disputes or governmental or other investigations unrelated to our business. For example, in July 2020 Mr.
 Zeitlin resigned as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Tapestry, Inc. for reasons related to a personal consensual relationship that occurred over twelve years ago and was unrelated to his duties at the company or any other company. The legal
 due diligence conducted in anticipation of the Initial Public Offering, which focused on his employment at Tapestry and information reported in the media, confirmed the facts in the previous sentence and did not reveal any additional material or
 negative information which we believe would impair Mr. Zeitlin s suitability to serve as our chief executive officer. Any such media coverage, public awareness, disputes or investigations may be detrimental to our reputation and could negatively
 affect our ability to identify and complete an initial business combination and may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities.

36 

Table of Contents 

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and
 acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain
 circumstances, on the liquidation of the trust account and our rights and warrants will expire worthless.

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require
 substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely
 would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will
 result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required
 time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of the trust account and our rights and warrants will expire worthless.

We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor,
 directors or officers which may raise potential conflicts of interest.

In light of the involvement of our sponsor, directors and officers with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, directors and officers.
 Certain of our directors and officers also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including those described under Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Such entities may compete with us for business
 combination opportunities. Although we will not specifically be focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that an affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines
 for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement that we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an
 independent investment banking firm or another valuation or appraisal firm that regularly renders fairness opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire, regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a
 business combination with one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, directors or officers, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public
 shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.

Since our initial shareholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to
 public shares they may acquire after the Initial Public Offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular Business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination.

Our initial shareholders collectively owned 20 of our issued and outstanding shares upon closing of the Initial Public Offering. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an
 initial business combination.

In addition, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 7,520,000 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable for one Class A ordinary share, for a purchase price of 7,520,000, or 1.00 per warrant,
 that will also be worthless if we do not complete a business combination. Each Private Placement Warrant may be exercised for one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment.

37 

Table of Contents 

The founder shares are identical to the ordinary shares included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering except that: (1) prior to our initial business combination, only holders of the
 founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason; (2) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions
 contained in a letter agreement that our initial shareholders, directors, officers and senior advisors have entered into with us; (3) pursuant to such letter agreement, our initial shareholders, directors, officers and senior advisors have agreed
 to waive: (i) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them, as applicable, in connection with the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) their redemption rights with respect to any founder
 shares and public shares held by them in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our
 initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to
 shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (iii) their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination
 within 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or during any Extension Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete
 our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame); (4) pursuant to the letter agreement, upon and subject to the completion of the initial business combination, 25 of the founder shares then held by the sponsor shall be considered
 to be newly unvested shares, one-half of which (or 12.5 of the shares then held by the sponsor) will vest only if the closing price of Class A ordinary shares on Nasdaq equals or exceeds 12.50 for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day
 period (the First Share Price Level is achieved on or after the first anniversary of the closing of the initial business combination but before the fifth anniversary; and one-half of which (or 12.5 of the shares then held by the sponsor) will
 vest only if the closing price of Class A ordinary shares on Nasdaq equals or exceeds 15.00 for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period (the Second Share Price Level is achieved on or after the first anniversary of the closing of the
 initial business combination but before the fifth anniversary (founder shares, if any, that remain unvested at the fifth anniversary of the closing of the initial business combination will be forfeited); (5) the founder shares will automatically
 convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights; and (6) the founder shares are
 entitled to registration rights. If we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our initial shareholders have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement
 entered into with us, to vote their founder shares and any public shares held by them (including public shares purchased in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. While we do not expect our
 board of directors to approve any amendment to or waiver of the letter agreement or registration rights agreement prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and
 subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to or waivers of such agreements in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Any such amendments or waivers would not require approval from our
 shareholders, may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities.

The personal and financial interests of our sponsor, directors and officers may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial
 business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 18-month deadline following the closing of the Initial Public Offering nears, which is the
 deadline for the completion of our initial business combination and the vesting structure of our sponsor s founder shares may lead to our sponsor selecting a target which is more likely to lead to satisfying the return hurdles even if it ends up
 being a riskier or less suitable target.

We may be able to complete only one business combination with the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants,
 which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability.

We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to
 effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC
 that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification may
 subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources
 to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which
 we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination.

38 

Table of Contents 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial
 business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on
 the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks,
 including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and
 services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.

We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a
 business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private
 companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we
 suspected, if at all.

We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or
 prevent us from achieving our desired results.

We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we would intend to implement such
 improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate.

To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the
 operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may
 not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than
 anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will
 adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization.

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a business
 combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association do not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that
 would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions, or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. As a result, we
 may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business
 combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors
 or any of their respective affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all public shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the
 terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders
 thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination.

39 

Table of Contents 

In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified
 governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to
 complete our initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support.

In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments, including
 their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their
 warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires at least a special resolution of our shareholders
 as a matter of Cayman Islands law. A resolution is deemed to be a special resolution as a matter of Cayman Islands law where it has been approved by either (1) holders of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s
 articles of association) of a company s shares present at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given or (2) if so authorized by a company s articles of association,
 by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either by holders of at least two-thirds of our shares who
 attend and vote at a general meeting (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law) (other than amendments relating to provisions governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination, which
 require the approval of a majority of at least 90 of our shares attending and voting in a general meeting), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. The public warrant agreement provides that the terms of the public
 warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any other modification or
 amendment, including any modification or amendment to increase the exercise price of the public warrants or shorten the exercise period. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association or governing instruments, including the warrant agreements, or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed
 to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered in the Initial Public Offering, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities.

Certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and
 corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from the trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting, which is a lower
 amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial
 business combination that some of our shareholders may not support.

Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-business combination
 activity, without approval by holders of a certain percentage of the company s shares. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by holders holding between 90 and 100 of the company s public shares. Our amended
 and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions, including those related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of
 Private Placement Warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances), may be amended if approved by holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting, and
 corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from the trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our ordinary shares (other than amendments relating to provisions governing the appointment or
 removal of directors prior to our initial business combination, which require the approval of a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares attending and voting in a general meeting). Our initial shareholders, who collectively beneficially
 owned 20 of our ordinary shares upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in
 any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and
 this may increase our ability to complete our initial business combination with which you do not agree. In certain circumstances, our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association.

40 

Table of Contents 

Our sponsor, officers, directors and senior advisors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
 within 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the
 opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the
 trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not
 have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, officers, directors or senior advisors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action,
 subject to applicable law.

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business,
 which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination.

Although we believe that the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, and borrowings available under the 2022 Notes (as defined herein) will be
 sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet selected any target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of the Initial Public
 Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, as well as borrowings available under the 2022 Note, prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in
 search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in
 connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the
 extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative
 target business candidate.

In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The
 failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our directors, officers, senior advisors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us
 in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain
 circumstances, on the liquidation of the trust account, and our rights and warrants will expire worthless.

Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial
 business combination with some prospective target businesses.

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial
 statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in
 accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS,
 depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements
 may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our
 initial business combination within the prescribed time frame.

41 

Table of Contents 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial
 financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition.

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022.
 Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation
 requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a
 target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such
 entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.

We may engage one or more of the underwriters in the Initial Public Offering or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us
 after the Initial Public Offering, which may include acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive
 deferred commissions that will be released from the trust only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us,
 including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination.

We may engage one or more of the underwriters in the Initial Public Offering or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us, including, for example, identifying
 potential targets, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We may pay such underwriter or its affiliate fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be
 determined at that time in an arm s length negotiation. The underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. The underwriters or their respective affiliates 
 financial interests tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the
 sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination.

Risks Relating to Our Securities

Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of our directors prior to our initial business combination.

Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to
 vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have
 any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination.

42 

Table of Contents 

Certain agreements we entered into in connection with the Initial Public Offering may be amended without shareholder approval.

Each of the agreements related to the Initial Public Offering to which we are a party, other than the warrant agreements, the rights agreement and the investment management trust agreement, may
 be amended without securityholder approval. Such agreements are: the underwriting agreement; the letter agreement among us, our sponsor, officers, directors and senior advisors; the registration rights agreement among us and our initial
 shareholders, including our sponsor; the Private Placement Warrants purchase agreement between us and our sponsor; and the administrative services agreement between us and our sponsor. These agreements contain various provisions that our public
 shareholders might deem to be material. For example, our letter agreement and the underwriting agreement contain certain lock-up provisions with respect to the founder shares, Private Placement Warrants and other securities held by our sponsor,
 officers, directors and senior advisors. Amendments to such agreements would require the consent of the applicable parties thereto and would need to be approved by our board of directors, which may do so for a variety of reasons, including to
 facilitate our initial business combination. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising
 its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement. Any amendment entered into in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination will be disclosed in our
 proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to such initial business combination, and any other material amendment to any of our material agreements will be disclosed in a filing with the SEC. Any such amendments would not
 require approval from our shareholders, may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. For example,
 amendments to the lock-up provision discussed above may result in our sponsor, officers, directors and senior advisors selling their securities earlier than they would otherwise be permitted, which may have an adverse effect on the price of our
 securities.

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment,
 therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares, rights and/or warrants, potentially at a loss.

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in
 connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein; (2) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend
 our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
 complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (3) the
 redemption of our public shares if we have not completed an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or
 interest of any kind to or in the trust account. Holders of rights and warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the rights and warrants, respectively. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you
 may be forced to sell your public shares, rights and/or warrants, potentially at a loss.

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to
 additional trading restrictions.

We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq
 prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 400 round lot holders). Additionally, in
 connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the
 listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, in order for our Class A ordinary shares to be listed upon the consummation of our initial business combination, at such time, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per
 share and we would be required to have a minimum of 400 round lot holders (with at least 50 of such round lot holders holding securities with a market value of at least 2,500). We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial
 listing requirements at that time.

43 

Table of Contents 

If Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted
 on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;

reduced liquidity for our securities;

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level
 of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities;

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as
 covered securities. Because our Units, Class A ordinary shares, rights and warrants are listed on Nasdaq, our Units, Class A ordinary shares, rights and warrants qualify as covered securities under such statute. Although the states are preempted
 from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of
 covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by special purpose acquisition companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state
 securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our
 securities would not qualify as covered securities under such statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities.

If Nasdaq delists our securities prior to our consummation of an initial business combination, we will not be required to acquire a target business with a
 fair market value of at least 80 of the funds in the trust account.

Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding
 any deferred underwriters fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Nasdaq were to
 delist our securities prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, or we were to voluntarily delist our securities prior to such time, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 fair market value test. This would
 allow us to acquire a target business valued substantially below the amount of funds in the trust account.

You will not be permitted to exercise your warrants unless we register and qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares or certain exemptions are
 available.

If the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification under the Securities Act and applicable
 state securities laws, holders of warrants will not be entitled to exercise such warrants and such warrants may have no value and expire worthless.

44 

Table of Contents 

Under the terms of the public warrant agreement, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we
 will use our reasonable best efforts to file with the SEC, and within 60 business days following our initial business combination to have declared effective, a post-effective amendment to the registration statement covering the issuance of the
 Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and maintain a current prospectus relating thereto until the public warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or
 events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC
 issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their public warrants on a cashless basis. However, no public warrant
 will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their public warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the
 securities laws of the state of the exercising holder or an exemption from registration or qualification is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a public warrant not listed on a
 national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their public warrants to do so on a
 cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our reasonable best efforts to register or
 qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that
 we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the public warrants is not so registered or qualified or
 exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such public warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such public warrant and such public warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their public
 warrants as part of a purchase of Units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our Private
 Placement Warrants to exercise such Private Placement Warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of Units sold in the Initial Public Offering. In such an instance, our sponsor and its
 permitted transferees (which may include our directors and executive officers) would be able to exercise their Private Placement Warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares underlying such Private Placement Warrants while holders of our public
 warrants would not be able to exercise their public warrants and sell the underlying Class A ordinary shares. If and when the Private Placement Warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register
 or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the Private Placement Warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their public
 warrants.

The grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders and their respective permitted transferees may make it more difficult to complete our initial
 business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares.

Pursuant to the registration rights agreement, at or after the time of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the
 resale of their founder shares after those shares convert to our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary
 shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register the resale of such warrants or the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
 exercise of such warrants may demand that we register such Units, shares (including Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exchange of rights), warrants or the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants and any other securities
 of the company acquired by them prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the
 public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the
 shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares that is expected when the
 ordinary shares owned by our initial shareholders or their permitted transferees, our Private Placement Warrants or warrants issued in connection with working capital loans are registered for resale.

We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after
 completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the
 anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary
 shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 undesignated preferred shares, par value 0.0001 per share. As of December 31, 2022, there were 472,400,000 and 43,100,000 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary
 shares, respectively, available for issuance, which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding rights or warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares. Class B ordinary
 shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein. As of December 31, 2022, there were no preferred shares issued and outstanding.

45 

Table of Contents 

We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares, and may issue preferred shares, in order to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan
 after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the
 anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to our initial business
 combination, we may not issue additional ordinary shares or any other securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from the trust account or (2) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business
 combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to amend the foregoing provisions.

The issuance of additional ordinary shares or preferred shares:

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the Initial Public Offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance
 of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares;

may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if preferred shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our ordinary shares;

could cause a change of control if a substantial number of our Class A ordinary shares is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and
 could result in the resignation or removal of our present directors and officers;

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us;

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Units, ordinary shares, rights and/or warrants; and

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants.

Unlike some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial shareholders will receive additional Class A
 ordinary shares if we issue certain shares to consummate an initial business combination .

The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis,
 subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued
 or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of our initial business combination, the ratio at which the Class B ordinary shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares will be
 adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares
 issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as- converted basis, 20 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A
 ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in
 connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any
 seller in the initial business combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to our sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans; provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than
 one-for-one basis.

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our
 leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us.

Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Form 10-K to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to
 complete our initial business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As
 such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including:

46 

Table of Contents 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios
 or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand;

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding;

our inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares;

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures,
 acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages
 compared to our competitors who have less debt.

We may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval of the holders of at least 65 
 of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your public warrants could be increased, the public warrants could be converted into cash or stock (at a ratio different than initially provided), the exercise period could
 be shortened and the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a public warrant could be decreased, all without your approval.

Our public warrants were issued in registered form under a public warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The public warrant agreement
 provides that the terms of the public warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval of the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public
 warrants to make any other modification or amendment to the terms of the public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants
 approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things,
 increase the exercise price of the public warrants, convert the public warrants into cash or shares (at a ratio different than initially provided), shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon
 exercise of a public warrant. Our initial shareholders may purchase public warrants with the intention of reducing the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to warrantholders for approval, including
 amending the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. While our initial shareholders have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not
 formulated any terms or conditions for such transactions, there is no limit on the number of our public warrants that our initial shareholders may purchase and it is not currently known how many public warrants, if any, our initial shareholders may
 hold at the time of our initial business combination or at any other time during which the terms of the public warrants may be proposed to be amended.

47 

Table of Contents 

We may redeem your unexpired public warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your public warrants
 worthless.

We have the ability to redeem outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per public warrant, if, among other things,
 the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares has been at least 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any ten (10) trading days within a twenty (20) trading-day
 period ending on the third (3rd) trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is given to the public warrant holders. If and when the public warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are
 unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the issued and outstanding public warrants could force you to: (1) exercise your public warrants and pay the exercise price
 therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so; (2) sell your public warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your public warrants; or (3) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the
 time the outstanding public warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your public warrants. The value received upon exercise of the public warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders
 would have received if they had exercised their public warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares
 received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per public warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrant. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis at the
 option of the holder.

Our management s ability to require holders of our public warrants to exercise such public warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer
 Class A ordinary shares upon their exercise of the public warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their public warrants for cash.

If we call our public warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria have been satisfied, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its public
 warrants (including any public warrants held by our sponsor, officers, directors or their permitted transferees) to do so on a cashless basis. If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their public warrants on a cashless basis, the
 number of Class A ordinary shares received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised their public warrants for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s
 investment in us.

Each of the public and private warrant agreements designates the courts of the City of New York, County of New York, State of New York or the United States
 District Court for the Southern District of New York, and the rights agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, as the sole and exclusive forum for certain
 types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants and rights, respectively, which could limit the ability of warrant holders or rights holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company.

Our public and private warrant agreements and rights agreement provide that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the
 public and private warrant agreements will be brought and enforced in the courts of the City of New York, County of New York, State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, (ii) any action, proceeding
 or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the rights agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (iii) in each case,
 we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the public and private warrant agreements and rights agreement do not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the
 Securities Act, Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants
 or rights, as applicable, shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our public and private warrant agreements and rights agreement, as applicable. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the
 scope of the forum provisions of the public and private warrant agreements or the rights agreement, as applicable, is filed in a court other than a court of the City of New York County of New York (in the case of the public and private warrant
 agreements), the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants or rights, as applicable, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to:
 (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions, and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder
 or rights holder, as applicable, in any such action brought in such court to enforce the forum provisions by service upon such warrant or right holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder or right holder, as applicable.

48 

Table of Contents 

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant or right holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such
 lawsuits. Warrant or right holders who are unable to bring their claims in the judicial forum of their choosing may be required to incur additional costs in pursuit of actions which are subject to our choice-of-forum provision. However, the
 enforceability of similar exclusive forum provisions (including exclusive federal forum provisions for actions, suits or proceedings asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act) in other companies organizational documents has been
 challenged in legal proceedings, and there is uncertainty as to whether courts would enforce the exclusive forum provisions in our warrant agreements and rights agreement. Additionally, our shareholders cannot waive compliance with the federal
 securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our warrant agreements or rights agreement to be inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types
 of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a
 diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors.

A provision of our warrant agreements may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination.

Unlike some other blank check companies, if

(i) we issue additional shares of Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a newly
 issued price of less than 9.20 per share,

(ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on
 the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and

(iii) the volume-weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial
 business combination is below 9.20 per share,

then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the greater of the volume-weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day
 period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination and the newly issued price and, in the case of the public warrants only, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to
 the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of the volume-weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial
 business combination and the newly issued price. This could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business.

Our rights, warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to
 effectuate our initial business combination.

We issued warrants to purchase 13,800,000 Class A ordinary shares, at a price of 11.50 per whole share (subject to adjustment as provided herein), and 24,000,000 rights entitling the holder
 thereof to receive one-sixteenth (1/16) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of our initial business combination as part of the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, and simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public
 Offering, we issued in a Private Placement an aggregate of 7,520,000 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment at 1.00 per warrant. Our initial
 shareholders currently hold 6,900,000 Class B ordinary shares. The Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our sponsor, an affiliate of
 our sponsor or certain of our directors and officers make any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to
 the Private Placement Warrants. To the extent we issue Class A ordinary shares to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants or
 conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to
 complete the business combination. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business.

49 

Table of Contents 

The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering except that: (1) they will not be redeemable by us; (2) they (including the Class A ordinary
 shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination; (3) they may be exercised by
 the holders on a cashless basis; and (4) they (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) are entitled to registration rights.

Because each unit contains one-half of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the Units may be worth less than Units of other
 blank check companies.

Each unit contains one-half of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the public warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units, and only whole warrants will
 trade. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose Units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant to purchase one share. We have established the components of the Units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of
 the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for half of the number of shares compared to Units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we
 believe, a more attractive business combination partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our Units to be worth less than if they included a warrant to purchase one whole share.

An active trading market for our securities may not exist, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities.

The price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions. Furthermore, an active trading market for our
 securities may not exist or be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained.

Our sponsor controls a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a
 manner that you do not support.

Upon closing of the Initial Public Offering, our initial shareholders owned, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary share. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial
 influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our sponsor purchases any Class A ordinary shares in the
 aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase its control. Neither our sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers, directors or senior advisors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other
 than as disclosed in this Form 10-K. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the members of our board of directors
 were appointed by our sponsor. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the
 completion of the business combination. Accordingly, our sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination.

Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be
 willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests.
 These provisions will include the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination only holders of our Class B
 ordinary shares, which have been issued to our sponsor, are entitled to vote on the appointment of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium
 over prevailing market prices for our securities.

50 

Table of Contents 

Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your
 rights through the U.S. Federal courts may be limited.

We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our
 directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers.

Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Law (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the
 common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by
 the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive
 authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent
 in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted
 bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States.

We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (1) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States
 predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (2) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability
 provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of
 judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a
 competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final
 and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a
 kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement
 proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or
 controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company.

Risks Relating to Our Management Team

We are dependent upon our directors, officers and senior advisors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate.

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals including, in particular, our executive officers, directors and senior advisors, led by Jide Zeitlin, Lew Frankfort, and
 Charles McGuigan. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our directors, officers and senior advisors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our directors, officers and senior
 advisors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and
 monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors, officers or senior advisors. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors, officers
 or senior advisors could have a detrimental effect on us.

51 

Table of Contents 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel,
 some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of our or a target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot
 presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target
 business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be
 unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.

In addition, the directors and officers of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel
 could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we
 contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition
 candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These
 agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.

Our key personnel may be able to remain with the company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in
 connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our
 securities for services they would render to us after the completion of our initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business,
 subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to
 whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our
 key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination.

Our directors, officers, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or their respective affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in
 any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or
 officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have
 a conflict between their interests and ours.

52 

Table of Contents 

Our directors and officers will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to
 devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.

Our directors and officers are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and
 our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for
 which he may be entitled to, or otherwise expect to receive, substantial compensation or other economic benefit and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our officers and directors may
 from time to time have fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities with which they are affiliated. Certain of our independent directors also serve as officers and/or board members for other entities. If our officers and directors other
 business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs, which may have a negative impact on our ability to
 complete our initial business combination. For a discussion of our officers and directors other business affairs, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Certain of our directors, officers and senior advisors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business
 activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.

Until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor, directors, officers and senior
 advisors are, or may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business. Our sponsor, directors, officers and senior advisors are also not prohibited from sponsoring, investing or otherwise becoming involved with,
 any other blank check companies, including in connection with their initial business combinations, prior to us completing our initial business combination.

Our directors, officers and senior advisors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain
 fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business
 may be presented to other entities prior to its presentation to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we renounce our interest in any
 corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a
 reasonable basis.

In addition, our sponsor, directors, officers and senior advisors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment
 ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe
 that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.

For a discussion of our officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
 Corporate Governance. 

Members of our management team and board of directors have significant experience as board members, officers or executives of other companies. As a result,
 certain of those persons have been, may be, or may become, involved in proceedings, investigations and litigation relating to the business affairs of the companies with which they were, are, or may in the future be, affiliated. This may have an
 adverse effect on us, which may impede our ability to consummate an initial business combination.

During the course of their careers, members of our management team and board of directors have had significant experience as board members, officers or executives of other companies. As a result
 of their involvement and positions in these companies, certain persons were, are now, or may in the future become, involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings relating to the business affairs of such companies or transactions
 entered into by such companies. Any such litigation, investigations or other proceedings may divert our management team s and board s attention and resources away from identifying and selecting a target business or businesses for our initial
 business combination and may negatively affect our reputation, which may impede our ability to complete an initial business combination.

53 

Table of Contents 

Our initial shareholders will control the election of our board of directors until consummation of our initial business combination and will hold a
 substantial interest in us. As a result, they will appoint all of our directors prior to our initial business combination and may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support.

Upon closing of the Initial Public Offering, our initial shareholders owned 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions
 requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.

If our initial shareholders any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Neither our initial shareholders
 nor, to our knowledge, any of our directors, officers or senior advisors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed herein. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would
 include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, as a result of their substantial ownership in our company, our initial shareholders may exert a substantial influence on other actions requiring a
 shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial shareholders purchase any Class
 A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their influence over these actions. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will exert significant influence over actions requiring a shareholder vote
 at least until the completion of our initial business combination.

In addition, prior to our initial business combination, holders of the founder shares will have the right to appoint all of our directors and may remove members of the board of directors for any
 reason. Holders of our public shares will have no right to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed
 by a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares attending and voting in a general meeting. As a result, you will not have any influence over the appointment of directors prior to our initial business combination.

Our letter agreement with our sponsor, directors, officers and senior advisors may be amended without shareholder approval.

Our letter agreement with our sponsor, directors, officers and senior advisors contains provisions relating to transfer restrictions of our founder shares and Private Placement Warrants, the
 vesting of 25 of the founder shares held by the sponsor, indemnification of the trust account, waiver of redemption rights and participation in liquidating distributions from the trust account. The letter agreement may be amended without
 shareholder approval. While we do not expect our board to approve any amendment to the letter agreement prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary
 duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to the letter agreement. Any such amendments to the letter agreement would not require approval from our shareholders and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities.

Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be
 willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests.
 These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage
 transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.

54 

Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company

Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or
 other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause our securityholders to lose some or all of their investment.

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present with a
 particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these
 factors, we may be forced to later write down or write off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks,
 unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we
 report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming
 pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any shareholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a shareholder or warrant holder, respectively, following our initial
 business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to
 the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
 relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.

We may seek acquisition opportunities with an early-stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or
 earnings.

To the extent we complete our initial business combination with an early-stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be
 affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings,
 intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our directors and officers will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all
 of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will
 adversely impact a target business.

We may have limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a
 target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business management may be limited due to a
 lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s
 management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholder or warrant holder who
 chooses to remain a shareholder or warrant holder, respectively, following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such
 reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim
 under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.

55 

Table of Contents 

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination
 target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

The directors and officers of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could
 negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we
 contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition
 candidate will not wish to remain in place.

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss
 of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.

We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a
 target business, but we will complete such business combination only if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the
 target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more
 of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our
 initial business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new ordinary shares in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity securities of
 a target, or issue a substantial number of new shares to third parties in connection with financing our initial business combination. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a
 substantial number of new ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders
 may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain
 our control of the target business.

Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries

If our management team pursues a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face
 additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations.

If our management team pursues a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with
 cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign market, having such transaction approved by any local governments,
 regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.

If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting
 (including how relevant governments respond to such factors), including any of the following:

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets;

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption;

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals;

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected;

exchange listing or delisting requirements;

tariffs and trade barriers;

economic sanctions;

regulations related to customs and import/export matters;

local or regional economic policies and market conditions;

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

56 

Table of Contents 

challenges in managing and operating international operations;

longer payment cycles;

tax consequences, such as tax law changes, including termination or reduction of tax and other incentives that the applicable government provides to domestic companies, and variations in tax laws as compared
 to the United States;

currency fluctuations and exchange controls, including devaluations and other exchange rate movements;

rates of inflation, price instability and interest rate fluctuations;

liquidity of domestic capital and lending markets;

challenges in collecting accounts receivable;

cultural and language differences;

employment regulations;

energy shortages;

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems;

corruption;

protection of intellectual property;

crime, strikes, riots, social unrest, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, wars, natural disasters, geopolitical tensions and other forms of social instability and global conflicts, such as the ongoing
 military conflict between Russia and Ukraine;

regime changes and political upheaval;

deterioration of political relations with the United States;

obligatory military service by personnel; and

government appropriation of assets.

We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination or, if we complete such initial
 business combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.

If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming
 familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues.

Following our initial business combination, any or all of our management could resign from their positions as officers of the company, and the management of the target business at the time of the
 business combination could remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with U.S. securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar
 with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations.

After our initial business combination, our results of operations and prospects could be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and
 social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate.

The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both
 geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for
 spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we
 effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable.

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on
 shareholders or warrant holders.

We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval by special resolution under the Companies Law, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which
 the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in
 which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity (or may otherwise result in adverse tax consequences). We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant
 holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation.

57 

Table of Contents 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material
 agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights.

In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of
 such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The
 inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital.

In connection with our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and
 all or substantially all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights.

It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all or substantially all of our assets will be
 located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to
 enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws.

After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be
 derived from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects would be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions
 in the country in which we operate.

The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both
 geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for
 spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we
 effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished.

In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be
 adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value
 of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following the consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency
 appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such
 transaction.

58 

Table of Contents 

General Risk Factors

As a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq listing standards, we qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. We have
 the opportunity to elect any of the exemptions afforded a controlled company.

Because only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, we are a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance
 standards. Under the Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate
 governance requirements, including the requirements that:

we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of Nasdaq;

we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and

we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised of two independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. We intend to
 utilize these exemptions. Accordingly, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements.

We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors.

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary shares, rights or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be
 subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences, including additional taxes on holding and disposing of our securities, potentially being required to recognize gain on a business combination in circumstances where U.S. Holders of non-PFIC
 securities would not, and also may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend upon the status of an acquired company pursuant to a business combination and whether we
 qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances, the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception.
 Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such
 taxable year (and if the start-up exception may be applicable, potentially not until after the two taxable years following). Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information
 as the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely
 provide such required information, and such election would likely be unavailable with respect to our warrants and our rights in all cases.

Our initial business combination may involve a jurisdiction that could impose taxes on shareholders, rights holders or warrant holders.

We may, subject to requisite shareholder approval by special resolution under the Companies Law, effect a business combination with a target company in another jurisdiction, reincorporate in the
 jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located, or reincorporate in another jurisdiction. Such transactions may result in tax liability for a shareholder, rights holder or warrant holder in the jurisdiction in which the
 shareholder, rights holder or warrant holder is a tax resident (or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity), in which the target company is located, or in which we reincorporate. In the event of a reincorporation
 pursuant to our initial business combination, such tax liability may attach prior to any consummation of redemptions. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders, rights holders or warrant holders to pay such taxes.

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss.

We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and
 deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or
 confidential data. As an early-stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to
 investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents (including state-sponsored cyberattacks). It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial
 loss.

59 

Table of Contents 

We are subject to changing laws and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs
 and the risk of non-compliance.

We are subject to laws and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose
 securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and
 administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities.

Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This
 evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any
 subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed.

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions
 from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies.

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that
 are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
 obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute
 payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that
 status earlier, including if the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of any second quarter of a fiscal year, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the end of
 such fiscal year. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the
 trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is,
 those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act
 provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such
 extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private
 companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended
 transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations,
 including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates
 equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700
 million as of the prior June 30th. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

60 

Table of Contents 

If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources
 becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues.

Following our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of
 the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with U.S. securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend
 time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations.

61 

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. 

 Unresolved Staff Comments 

None.

Item 2. 

 Properties 

We currently maintain our executive offices at 500 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10110. The cost for this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee that we pay an affiliate of our sponsor for office space,
 administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.

Item 3. 

 Legal Proceedings 

We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their
 corporate capacity.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

62 

Table of Contents 

PART II

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

(a) 

Market Information

Our Units began trading on Nasdaq on November 22, 2021 under the symbol BLEUU . Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, one right and one-half of one redeemable warrant. On January 7,
 2022, we announced that the holders of the Units had the option to elect to separately trade the Class A Ordinary Shares, rights and redeemable warrants included in the Units commencing on January 10, 2022. Any Units not separated continue to trade
 on the Nasdaq stock market under the symbol BLEUU. Any underlying Class A Ordinary Shares, rights and redeemable warrants that are separated will trade on Nasdaq under the symbols BLEU, BLEUR and BLEUW, respectively.

(b) 

Holders

As of December 31, 2022, there was 1 holder of record of our Units, 1 holder of record of our separately traded Class A ordinary shares, 1 holder of record of our rights and 2 holders of record
 of our redeemable warrants.

(c) 

Dividends

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash
 dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our
 initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future.
 In November 2021, we effected a share recapitalization, resulting in an aggregate of 6,900,000 founder shares issued and outstanding, in order to maintain the number of founder shares at 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon the
 consummation of the Initial Public Offering. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection
 therewith.

(d) 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

None.

(e) 

Performance Graph

The performance graph has been omitted as permitted under rules applicable to smaller reporting companies.

(f) 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities

Unregistered Sales

On February 12, 2021, the Company issued 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares to the sponsor (the Founder Shares in exchange for the payment of 25,000 of the Company s offering expenses. Shares
 and the associated amounts reflect: (i) the surrender of 2,875,000 Class B ordinary shares to the Company at no consideration on October 25, 2021; and (ii) the share capitalization of Class B ordinary shares on November 17, 2021; resulting in a
 decrease in the total number of Class B ordinary shares outstanding to 6,900,000 Class B ordinary shares. The holders of the Founder Shares agreed to forfeit and cancel up to an aggregate of 900,000 Founder Shares, on a pro rata basis, to the
 extent that the option to purchase additional Units was not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares would represent approximately 20 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. Such
 securities were issued in connection with our incorporation pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Our sponsor is an accredited investor for purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation D. On November
 22, 2021, the underwriters consummated the exercise in full of the over-allotment; thus, these 900,000 Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture.

63 

Table of Contents 

The sponsor agreed that upon and subject to the completion of the initial business combination, 25 of the Founder Shares then held by the sponsor shall be considered to be newly unvested shares,
 one-half of which (or 12.5 of the shares then held by the sponsor) will vest only if the First Share Price Level is achieved on or after the first anniversary of the closing of the initial business combination but before the fifth anniversary; and
 one-half of which (or 12.5 of the shares then held by the sponsor) will vest only if the Second Share Price Level is achieved on or after the first anniversary of the closing of the initial business combination but before the fifth anniversary.
 The sponsor agreed, subject to exceptions, not to transfer any unvested Founder Shares prior to the date such securities become vested. Founder Shares, if any, that remain unvested at the fifth anniversary of the closing of the initial business
 combination will be forfeited.

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, pursuant to the Sponsor Warrants Purchase Agreement, the Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of 7,520,000 warrants
 (the Private Placement Warrants to the sponsor at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 7,520,000. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the
 Units in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants, so long as they are held by the sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) are not redeemable by the Company; (ii) may not (including the Class A ordinary shares
 issuable upon exercise of such Private Placement Warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by such holders until 30 days after the completion of the Company s initial business combination; (iii) may be
 exercised by the holders on a cashless basis; and (iv) will be entitled to registration rights (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such Private Placement Warrants). The issuance of the Private Placement Warrants was
 made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales.

Use of Proceeds

Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, 276.0 million 10.00 per Unit) of net proceeds, including the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain
 of the proceeds of the Private Placement, was placed in a trust account trust account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee and invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section
 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury
 obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) the distribution of the trust account as described below.

The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although
 substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a business combination. The Company s initial business combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal
 to at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriters fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time the Company signs a definitive agreement in connection with the initial
 business combination. However, the Company will only complete a business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the
 target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

There has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement as is described in the
 Company s final prospectus related to the Initial Public Offering.

64 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. 

Selected Financial Data

Not applicable.

65 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. 

 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and
 the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual
 results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in
 this Form 10-K.

Overview

We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on February 11, 2021. We were incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
 share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses that we have not yet identified.

The registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on November 17, 2021. On November 22, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 27,600,000
 Units, including the issuance of 3,600,000 Units as a result of the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 276.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 16.3
 million, of which approximately 9.7 million was for deferred underwriting commissions.

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the Private Placement of 7,520,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant to
 the sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately 7.5 million.

Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, 276.0 million 10.00 per Unit) of net proceeds, including the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain
 of the proceeds of the Private Placement, were placed in a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee and invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the
 Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act, having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in
 direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) the distribution of the trust account as described below.

Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially
 all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a business combination. Our initial business combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the
 net assets held in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriters fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time we signed a definitive agreement in connection with the initial business combination. However,
 we will only complete a business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be
 required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

If we are unable to complete a business combination within 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or May 22, 2023, or during any Extension Period, we will (i) cease all
 operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
 in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will
 completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the
 remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other
 requirements of applicable law. In such event, the Rights and warrants will expire and be worthless.

66 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 61,000 in cash and working capital of approximately 89,000 and the ability to borrow up to an aggregate of 1,200,000 under the 2022 Note (as
 defined below).

Our liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering were satisfied through the payment of 25,000 from the sponsor to cover certain expenses on our behalf in exchange for
 issuance of our Class B ordinary shares, and loan proceeds from the sponsor of approximately 167,000 under a promissory note (the 2021 Note ). We partially repaid approximately 166,000 of the 2021 Note upon closing of the Initial Public Offering
 and repaid the remaining balance of approximately 1,000 on November 24, 2021. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public
 Offering and the Private Placement held outside of the trust account and from the 2022 Note.

On April 1, 2022, we entered into a convertible promissory note with our sponsor the 2022 Note ). Pursuant to the 2022 Note, we may borrow from the sponsor, from time to time, up to an
 aggregate of 1,500,000. Borrowings under the 2022 Note do not bear interest. The 2022 Note will mature on the earlier to occur of (i) 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or up to any Extension Period, if applicable) or (ii)
 the effective date of the Company s initial Business Combination. If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company will repay the 2022 Note out of the proceeds of the trust account released to the Company. Otherwise, the 2022 Note will
 be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into Private Placement Warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the sponsor. The
 2022 Note contains customary events of default, including those relating to the Company s failure to repay the principal amount due upon maturity of the 2022 Note and certain bankruptcy events. In July 2022, we borrowed 300,000 under the 2022
 Note. As of December 31, 2022, 300,000 was outstanding under the 2022 Note.

In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern , we have determined that the liquidity issue, mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a
 going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after May 22, 2023. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to
 continue as a going concern.

Results of Operations

We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our entire activity since inception up to December 31, 2022 related to our formation, the preparation for the Initial
 Public Offering, and since the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the search for a prospective initial business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We
 generate non-operating income in the form of investment income from the trust account. We will continue to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well
 as for due diligence expenses. Additionally, we recognize non-cash gains and losses within other income (expense) related to changes in recurring fair value measurement of our derivative liabilities at each reporting period.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of approximately 2.5 million, which consisted of approximately 3.4 million of net gains from investments held in the trust account,
 partially offset by approximately 760,000 in general and administrative expenses and approximately 120,000 in related party general and administrative expenses.

For the period from February 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of approximately 276,000, which consisted of approximately 235,000 in general and administrative expense, approximately
 15,000 in related party general and related party expenses, and approximately 27,000 of loss from investments held in the trust account.

67 

Table of Contents 

Commitments and Contingencies

Registration and Shareholder Rights

The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise
 of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement dated November 17,
 2021 requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion to Class A ordinary shares). The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands,
 that we registered such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination. We will bear the expenses
 incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Underwriting Agreement

We granted the underwriters a 45-day option from November 17, 2021 to purchase up to 3,600,000 additional Units at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and
 commissions. On November 22, 2021, the underwriters consummated the exercise in full of the over-allotment option.

The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of 0.20 per unit, or approximately 5.5 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition,
 0.35 per unit, or approximately 9.7 million in the aggregate, will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely in
 the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

Related Party Loans

Our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 pursuant to a promissory note, dated February 12, 2021 which was later amended and restated on July 30, 2021 (the 2021 Note ). The 2021 Note was
 non-interest bearing, unsecured and due upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. We borrowed approximately 167,000 under the 2021 Note. We repaid 166,000 of the 2021 Note upon closing of the Initial Public Offering and repaid the
 remaining balance of approximately 1,000 on November 24, 2021.

On April 1, 2022, we entered into a convertible promissory note (the 2022 Note with our sponsor. Pursuant to the 2022 Note, we may borrow from the sponsor, from time to time, up to an
 aggregate of 1,500,000. Borrowings under the 2022 Note do not bear interest. The 2022 Note will mature on the earlier to occur of (i) 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering (or up to any extension period, if applicable) or (ii)
 the effective date of an initial business combination. If we complete a business combination, we will repay the 2022 Note out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. Otherwise, the 2022 Note will be repaid only out of funds held
 outside the trust account. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into Private Placement Warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the sponsor s option. The 2022 Note contains customary events of
 default, including those relating to the Company s failure to repay the principal amount due upon maturity of the 2022 Note and certain bankruptcy events. In July 2022, we borrowed 300,000 under the 2022 Note. As of December 31, 2022, 300,000 was
 outstanding under the 2022 Note.

Administrative Services Agreement

On November 17, 2021, the Company agreed to pay an affiliate of the sponsor 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of the
 management team through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business Combination and the liquidation. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred
 expenses of approximately 120,000 and 15,000, respectively, under this agreement.

68 

Table of Contents 

In addition, the sponsor, officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on the Company s behalf
 such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. The Company s audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by the Company to the sponsor, executive
 officers or directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial Business Combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
 liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have
 identified the following as our critical accounting policies and estimates:

Derivative Liabilities

We do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants, to
 determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The
 classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period.

We accounted for the Rights as equity-classified instruments based on an assessment of the Rights specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in ASC 480 and ASC 815. The assessment
 considered whether the Rights were freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, met the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the Rights met all the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including
 whether the Rights were indexed to our own ordinary shares, among other conditions for the equity classification.

We classify the warrants issued in connection with its Initial Public Offering (the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 480 and
 ASC 815. Such guidance provides that the warrants are not precluded from equity classification. Equity-classified contracts were initially measured at fair value (or allocated value). Subsequent changes in fair value will not be recognized as long
 as the contracts continue to be classified in equity in accordance with ASC 480 and ASC 815.

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption

Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A ordinary shares
 (including Class A ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary
 equity. At all other times, Class A ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. The Company s Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to occurrence
 of uncertain future events. Accordingly, all outstanding Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets.

Under ASC 480, we have elected to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption value at the end of
 each reporting period. This method would view the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date for the security. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we recognized the remeasurement from initial book
 value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of the redeemable Class A ordinary shares resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit.

69 

Table of Contents 

Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share

We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. We have two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Income
 and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net income (loss) per ordinary share is calculated by dividing the net loss by the weighted average shares of ordinary shares outstanding for the respective period.

The calculation of diluted net income (loss) per ordinary shares does not consider the effect of the Public Warrants, the Private Placement Warrants and the Rights to purchase an aggregate of 23,045,000 Class A
 ordinary shares since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per share is the same as basic net income (loss) per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period
 from February 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Remeasurement associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value.

Recent Accounting Standards

Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K.

JOBS Act

On April 5, 2012, the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting
 requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act and are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded)
 companies. We elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging
 growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates.

As an emerging growth company , we are not required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to
 Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by
 the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive
 compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the
 completion of our initial public offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier.

70 

Table of Contents 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item.

71 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

BLEUACACIA LTD

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # 688 

F-2

Financial Statements

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-3

Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from February 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-4

Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from February 11, 2021 (inception) through
 December 31, 2021 

F-5

Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from February 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-6

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7

F-1 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of

bleuacacia ltd

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of bleuacacia ltd (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of
 operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from February 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
 statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended
 December 31, 2022 and the period from February 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company
 has a working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going
 concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements
 based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
 securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform audits to obtain reasonable assurance about
 whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, audits of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no
 such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
 procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and
 significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021.

April 5, 2023

F-2 

Table of Contents 

BLEUACACIA LTD

BALANCE SHEETS

December 31,2022 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Current assets:

Cash

Prepaid expenses

Total current assets

Investments held in Trust Account

Total Assets

Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Redemption, and Shareholders Deficit

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Total current liabilities

Convertible working capital loan - related party

Deferred underwriting commissions

Total Liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption; par value; shares at redemption value of
 approximately and 
 per share as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021

Shareholders Deficit:

Preference shares, 
 par value shares authorized ne issued and outstanding

Class A ordinary shares, 
 par value; shares authorized; non-redeemable shares issued or outstanding

Class B ordinary shares, 
 par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated deficit

Total shareholders deficit

Liabilities, Class A ordinary Shares Subject to Redemption, and Shareholders Deficit

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-3 

Table of Contents 

BLEUACACIA LTD

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended 

 December 31, 

For the Period from 

 February 11, 2021 

 (inception) through 

 December 31, 

2022 

2021 

General and administrative expenses

General and administrative expenses - related party

Loss from operations:

Other income: 

Gain (loss) from investments held in Trust Account

Net income (loss)

Weighted average number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A ordinary shares

Weighted average number of shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares outstanding, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-4 

Table of Contents 

BLEUACACIA LTD

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Ordinary Shares

Additional

Total

Class A

Class B

Paid-in

Accumulated

Shareholders 

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

Deficit

Balance - February 11, 2021 (inception)

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor

Sale of private placement warrants to Sponsor in private placement

-

-

Fair value of public warrants and rights included in the Units Sold in the Initial Public Offering

-

-

Offering costs associated with issuance of public warrants and rights as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering

-

-

Remeasurement for Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount

-

-

Net loss

-

-

Balance - December 31, 2021 

Remeasurement on Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

- 

- 

Net income

- 

- 

Balance - December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-5 

Table of Contents 

BLEUACACIA LTD

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended 

 December 31, 2022 

For the Period from 

 February 11, 2021 

 (inception) through 

 December 31, 2021

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income (loss)

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities:

General and administrative expenses paid by related party in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares

General and administrative expenses paid by related party under promissory note

Gain (loss) from investments held in the Trust Account

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Cash deposited in Trust Account

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Repayment of note payable to related party

Proceeds received from initial public offering, gross

Proceeds from convertible working capital loan 

Proceeds received from private placement

Offering costs paid

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net change in cash

Cash - beginning of the period

Cash - end of the period

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities:

Offering costs included in accrued expenses

Offering costs paid by related party under promissory note

Deferred underwriting commissions

Remeasurement on Class A common stock subject to possible redemption

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-6 

Table of Contents 

BLEUACACIA LTD

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), including the issuance of Units as a result of the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 
 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which approximately million was for deferred underwriting commissions (Note 6).

warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately million (Note 4).

million per Unit) of net proceeds, including the net proceeds
 of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement, was placed in a trust account Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee and invested in United States government
 securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act, having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust
 Account as described below.

or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriters fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time the Company signs a
 definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
 company under the Investment Company Act.

per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not
 previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the
 underwriters (as discussed in Note 6).

F-7 

Table of Contents 

BLEUACACIA LTD

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

per Public Share). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public
 Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 5). These Public Shares are classified as temporary equity in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards
 Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a
 shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Amended
 and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business
 Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transactions is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy
 solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the
 Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the initial shareholders (as defined below) have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the
 Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company adopted an insider trading policy which requires insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing shares during certain
 blackout periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) to clear all trades with the Company s Executive Director (or his or her designee) prior to execution. In addition, the initial shareholders have
 agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination.

or more of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the
 Initial Public Offering, without the prior consent of the Company.

of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their
 Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment.

F-8 

Table of Contents 

BLEUACACIA LTD

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or May
 22, 2023, or during any extended time that the Company has to consummate a business combination beyond months as a result of a
 shareholder vote to amend the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Combination Period ), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but
 not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the
 aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as
 shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors,
 liquidate and dissolve, subject, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. In such
 event, the rights and warrants will expire and be worthless. 

of the Company s outstanding Public Shares for a portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, each holder will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the
 Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay the Company s taxes payable (less up to of interest to pay
 dissolution expenses).

per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the
 extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business
 combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per Public Share and (ii) the
 actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 
 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable; provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies
 held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the
 Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.
 The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public accounting
 firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.

,000 in cash, working capital of approximately ,000 and the ability to borrow up to an aggregate of under the 2022 Note (as defined below ).

F-9 

Table of Contents 

BLEUACACIA LTD

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

from the Sponsor to cover certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5), and loan
 proceeds from the Sponsor of approximately under the 2021 Note (as defined in Note 5). The Company partially repaid
 approximately owed under the 2021 Note upon closing of the Initial Public Offering and repaid the remaining balance of
 approximately on November 24, 2021. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company s liquidity needs
 have been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account and from borrowing under the 2022 Note.

. Borrowings under the 2022 Note will not bear interest. The 2022 Note will mature on the earlier to occur of (i) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or up to any Extension Period, if applicable) or (ii) the effective date of the Company s initial business combination. Up to of such loans may be converted into Private Placement Warrants of the
 post-business combination entity at a price of per
 warrant at the option of the Sponsor. The 2022 Note contains customary events of default, including those relating to the Company s failure to repay the principal amount
 due upon maturity of the 2022 Note and certain bankruptcy events. In July 2022, the Company borrowed
 under the 2022 Note. As of December 31, 2022, was outstanding under the 2022 Note. 

F-10 

Table of Contents 

BLEUACACIA LTD

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021.

F-11 

Table of Contents 

BLEUACACIA LTD

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

F-12 

Table of Contents 

BLEUACACIA LTD

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the
 two classes of shares. Net income (loss) per ordinary share is calculated by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted average shares of ordinary shares outstanding for the respective period.

Class A ordinary shares since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock
 method. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per share is the same as basic net income (loss) per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Remeasurement associated
 with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value.

Denominator:

Basic and diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share

F-13 

Table of Contents 

BLEUACACIA LTD

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in
 significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 

Units, including the issuance of Units as
 a result of the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which approximately million was for deferred underwriting commissions.

Class
 A ordinary share, one-half of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ), and right Right ). Each whole Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase 
 Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). Each Right entitles the holder
 thereof to receive one-sixteenth (1/16) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination.

warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately million.

Class A ordinary share at a price of per share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of
 the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire
 worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable for cash and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees.

days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. 

F-14 

Table of Contents 

BLEUACACIA LTD

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor (the Founder Shares in exchange for the payment of of the Company s offering
 expenses. Founder Shares and the associated amounts reflect: (i) the surrender of Class B ordinary shares to the Company at
 no consideration on October 25, 2021; and (ii) the share capitalization of Class B ordinary shares on November 17, 2021; resulting in a decrease in the total number of Class B ordinary shares outstanding to Class B ordinary shares. The holders of the Founder Shares agreed to forfeit and cancel up to an aggregate of Founder Shares, on a pro rata basis, to the extent that the option to purchase additional Units was not exercised in full by the underwriters,
 so that the Founder Shares would represent approximately of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public
 Offering. On November 22, 2021, the underwriters consummated the exercise in full of the over-allotment; thus, these Founder
 Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture.

of the Founder Shares then held by the Sponsor shall be considered to be newly unvested shares, one-half of which (or of the shares then held by the
 Sponsor) will vest only if the closing price of Class A ordinary shares on Nasdaq equals or exceeds for any trading days within a trading
 day period (the First Share Price Level on or after the first anniversary of the closing of the initial Business Combination but before the fifth anniversary; and one-half of which (or of the shares then held by the Sponsor) will vest only if the closing
 price of Class A ordinary shares on Nasdaq equals or exceeds for any trading days within a trading day period (the Second
 Share Price Level ), on or after the first anniversary of the closing of the initial Business Combination but before the fifth anniversary. The Sponsor agreed, subject to exceptions, not to transfer any unvested Founder Shares prior to the date
 such securities become vested. Founder Shares, if any, that remain unvested at the fifth anniversary of the closing of the initial Business Combination will be forfeited.

Founder Shares to each of the independent director nominees. The transfer of the Founder Shares is in the scope of FASB ASC
 Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The Founder Shares were granted subject to a performance
 condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founder Shares is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence under the applicable accounting literature in this
 circumstance. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that a Business Combination is not considered probable, and, therefore, no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the
 date a Business Combination is considered probable (i.e., upon completion of a Business Combination) in an amount equal to the number of Founder Shares that ultimately vest multiplied times the grant date fair value per share (unless
 subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founder Shares.

after the completion of the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of
 Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
 recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least days after the
 initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for
 cash, securities or other property.

pursuant to a promissory note, dated February 12, 2021 which was later amended and restated on July 30, 2021 (the Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Company borrowed
 approximately under the Note. The Company partially repaid approximately owed under the Note upon closing of the Initial Public Offering and repaid the remaining balance of approximately on November 24, 2021.

F-15 

Table of Contents 

BLEUACACIA LTD

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

million of such Working Capital Loans may be converted into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 

. Borrowings under the 2022 Note do
 not bear interest. The 2022 Note will mature on the earlier to occur of (i) months from the closing of the Initial Public
 Offering (or up to any Extension Period, if applicable) or (ii) the effective date of the Company s initial Business Combination. If the Company completes a Business Combination,
 the Company will repay the 2022 Note out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the 2022 Loan will be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account . Up to of
 such loans may be converted into Private Placement Warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant
 at the option of the Sponsor. The 2022 Note contains customary events of default, including those relating to the Company s failure to repay the principal amount due upon maturity of the 2022 Note and certain bankruptcy events . In July 2022, the Company borrowed under the 2022 Note. As of December 31, 2022, was outstanding under the 2022 Note .

per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of the management team through the earlier of consummation of the
 initial Business Combination and the liquidation. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred expenses of approximately and , respectively,
 under this agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was and in accrued expenses for services in connection with such agreement, respectively.

demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registered such securities. In addition, the
 holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any
 such registration statements.

F-16 

Table of Contents 

BLEUACACIA LTD

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

-day

option from November 17, 2021 to purchase up to additional Units at the Initial Public Offering price less the
 underwriting discounts and commissions. On November 22, 2021, the underwriters consummated the exercise in full of the over-allotment option.

per unit, or approximately million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial
 Public Offering. In addition, per unit, or approximately million in the aggregate, will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the
 amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 
 Class A ordinary shares outstanding which were subject to possible redemption.

Less:

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants and Rights 

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs

Plus:

Adjust carrying value to initial redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 

Remeasurement on Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

preference shares with a par value of 
 per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding.

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of 
 per share. Holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 there were Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, all of which were subject to possible redemption and were
 classified outside of permanent equity on the balance sheets (see Note 7).

Class B ordinary shares with a par value of 
 per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. The holders of
 the Founder Shares agreed to forfeit and cancel up to an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares for no consideration to the
 extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Initial Shareholders would collectively own 
 of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering. On November 22, 2021, the underwriters consummated the exercise in full of the over-allotment option; thus, these Class B ordinary shares were no longer subject forfeiture.

F-17 

Table of Contents 

BLEUACACIA LTD

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Holders of
 Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders except as required by law. 

-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations,
 reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial
 Business Combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, 
 of the total number of ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion, including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or
 deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares
 issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination, any private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans; provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will
 never occur on a less than -for-one basis.

Rights outstanding. Each holder of a right will receive one-sixteenth (1/16) of a Class A ordinary share upon consummation of the initial Business Combination. In the event the Company will not be the survivor upon completion of the initial
 Business Combination, each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the one-sixteenth 
 (1/16) share underlying each right (without paying any additional consideration) upon consummation of the Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete an initial Business Combination within the required time period and the Company
 liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds for their rights, and the rights will expire worthless. No fractional shares will be issued upon conversion of any rights.

Public Warrants and 
 Private Placement Warrants outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Public Warrants will trade. The Public Warrants
 will become exercisable after the completion of a Business Combination. The Company agreed that as soon as practicable, but in
 no event later than business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use commercially
 reasonable efforts to file with the SEC and have an effective registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until
 the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the public warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the th day after the closing of the initial Business Combination,
 warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance
 with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the
 definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis and, in the event the Company so
 elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue
 sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.

per share, subject to adjustments, and will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption
 or liquidation. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price of less than per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to
 the Initial Shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Initial Shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds
 from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial
 Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A ordinary shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and in the case of Public Warrants only, the per share redemption trigger prices described under Redemption of Public Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

F-18 

Table of Contents 

BLEUACACIA LTD

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to
 certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis at the option of the holder. 

per Public
 Warrant;

days prior written notice of redemption;

per share (as adjusted) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third 
 trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.

-day redemption period.

Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment).

Assets at December 31, 2021 : 

Investments held in Trust Account 

F-19 

Table of Contents 

BLEUACACIA LTD

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

transfers between levels for the year
 ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

under the 2022 Note. 

F-20 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures

None.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded,
 processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
 in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required
 disclosure.

As of December 31, 2022, as required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our principal executive officers and principal financial and accounting officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
 of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon their evaluation, our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Executive Director concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective.

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
 financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting
 purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

(1) 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company,

(2) 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being
 made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and

(3) 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial
 statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. Also, projections of
 any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed
 the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in
 Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022.

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company
 under the JOBS Act.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
 control over financial reporting.

72 

Table of Contents 

Item 9B. Other Information

None.

73 

Table of Contents 

PART III

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

Our executive officers and directors are as follows:

Name

Age

Title

Jide Zeitlin

59

Co-Chairman of the Board and Co-Chief Executive Officer

Lew Frankfort

77

Co-Chairman of the Board and Co-Chief Executive Officer

Charles McGuigan

66

Chief Operating Officer, President and Director

Thomas Northover

34

Executive Director

Ibukun Awosika

60

Director

Natara Holloway

46

Director

Kat Peeler

59

Director

Jide Zeitlin has been our Co-Chief Executive Officer since March 2021 and became the Co-Chairman of the board of directors upon the consummation of the
 Initial Public Offering. Mr. Zeitlin served as the former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Tapestry, Inc., the S P 500 and Fortune 500 luxury global retailer that is the parent company for the Coach, Kate Spade, and Stuart Weitzman
 brands. Mr. Zeitlin initiated and led a substantial strategic transformation of Tapestry, Inc. and, in addition to his role as CEO of Tapestry, Inc., also served as CEO of the Coach brand. Mr. Zeitlin was previously a partner at The Goldman Sachs
 Group, Inc., having risen to partner in their Mergers Acquisitions Department, and was Global Chief Operating Officer of Goldman Sachs investment banking business. He served as a founding director and then as Chairman of the Nigeria
 Sovereign Investment Authority NSIA for two terms expiring in May 2021. NSIA is Nigeria s sovereign wealth fund. For over two decades, Mr. Zeitlin has been an active member of numerous billion-dollar endowment and foundation investment
 committees. He has either been chairman or a member of investment committees at Amherst College, Doris Duke Charitable Foundation, Milton Academy, and Teach for America. He also served on the board of Affiliated Managers Group, a 600 billion
 publicly traded asset management company. Mr. Zeitlin received an A.B. from Amherst College and an MBA from Harvard Business School and is the Chairman Emeritus of Amherst College. We believe that Mr. Zeitlin is well qualified to serve on our board
 of directors based on his experience as the CEO of a Fortune 500 company in the consumer retail sector, as a senior executive in a leading investment bank, and as an investor, as well as his extensive service in board capacities at numerous
 organizations.

Lew Frankfort has been our Co-Chief Executive Officer since March 2021 and became the Co-Chairman of the board of directors upon the consummation of the
 Initial Public Offering. Mr. Frankfort, is the former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Coach, Inc., the S P 500 and Fortune 500 luxury global retailer that was later renamed Tapestry, Inc. During Mr. Frankfort s time at the company (1979
 to 2014, including CEO from 1985 to 2014), Coach, Inc. s revenues grew from negligible levels in 1979 to in excess of 5 billion. The Coach brand is a well-known brand that is part of the American landscape. Mr. Frankfort is recognized as one of
 the most consequential global brand builders over the past 50 years. Mr. Frankfort is a co-founder of Benvolio Group, an investment firm that focuses on direct investing in early-stage disruptive consumer-facing brands. Mr. Frankfort currently sits
 on the board of directors of Veronica Beard and Mindbodygreen, among others. He previously served as a member of the board of directors of We Company (which operated WeWork prior to its recent business combination). Mr. Frankfort received a BA from
 Hunter College and an MBA from Columbia Business School and sits on the Board of Overseers of Columbia Business School. We believe that Mr. Frankfort is well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors based on his experience as the
 CEO of a Fortune 500 company in the consumer retail sector, along with his broad leadership, operational, investment and governance background.

Charles McGuigan has been our President and Chief Operating Officer since March 2021 and became a director upon the consummation of the Initial Public
 Offering. Mr. McGuigan retired as Chief Operating Officer of L Brands, Inc., the S P 500 and Fortune 500 fashion retailer. Mr. McGuigan has played a significant role in building brands such as Bath Body Works, Victoria s Secret, and Pink.
 Recognized as a strong leader and consensus builder, he has had considerable success focusing on the integration of the retail business unit strategy with operations and the critical role information technology plays as an enabler of business
 processes. During his 16 years at L Brands Mr. McGuigan held the positions of CEO of Mast Global, President of Beauty Avenues, and CIO of L Brands. Prior to L Brands, Mr. McGuigan was Cap Gemini s Consumer Products and Retail leader for the
 Americas, responsible for overall business strategy and operational execution. Mr. McGuigan received an MBA from the University of Ulster, Northern Ireland. In addition, he also holds a Diploma in Management Studies in Business Management. We
 believe that Mr. McGuigan is well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors based on his experience as the COO of a Fortune 500 company in the consumer retail sector, along with his broad leadership and operational background.

74 

Table of Contents 

Thomas Northover has been our Executive Director since February 2021. Mr. Northover is the Chief Investment Officer of The Keffi Group Ltd., a New York
 based family office The Keffi Group ). Prior to joining The Keffi Group, Mr. Northover worked in the Financial Institutions Group of Lazard s Financial Advisory business. Mr. Northover was a founding member of the investment team at Nigeria s
 sovereign wealth fund, the NSIA. Mr. Northover was responsible for the investment of a significant portion of NSIA s initial capital and the management of segregated funds for the Nigerian government. Prior to joining NSIA, Mr. Northover was
 seconded by the U.K. government to the Nigerian Presidency as an economist.. We believe that Mr. Northover is well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors based on his experience in finance, investment management and as an
 investor. Mr. Northover received a BSc in Philosophy, Politics and Economics and an MSc in Economics from the University of Warwick, UK, an Overseas Development Institute Fellowship, and an MBA from Harvard Business School.

Ibukun Awosika became a director upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. Mrs. Awosika has an over 30-year career as an entrepreneur and board
 professional across a number of sectors in emerging markets including consumer and finance. From 2016 to 2021 Mrs. Awosika was the Chairman of First Bank of Nigeria, one of Nigeria s oldest banks and one of Africa s largest banks. Mrs. Awosika was
 the first woman to hold this role. Mrs. Awosika is the founder and CEO of the Chair Center Group which is a market leader in the office furniture sector in Nigeria. In addition, Mrs. Awosika is the Chairman of d-Light Inc, Digital Jewels Limited
 and House of Tara International, a pioneering African beauty business, and is a non-executive director of Cadbury Nigeria Plc, a subsidiary of Mondelez International. Mrs. Awosika was a founding director of the Nigeria Sovereign Investment
 Authority, Nigeria s sovereign wealth fund. We believe Mrs. Awosika is well qualified to serve on our board of directors due to her many years of experience in leadership and fiduciary roles at consumer companies and financial institutions, as well
 as her track record as a successful entrepreneur in emerging markets. Ms. Awosika received a BSc in Chemistry from University of Ife (now Obafemi Awolowo University).

Natara Holloway became a director upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. Since 2022, Ms. Holloway has served as CEO of Houston Exponential,
 a non-profit organization providing business consulting services to local founders. She previously served in various positions at the National Football League NFL since 2004, initially serving as a Manager in the Internal Audit department. In
 her most recent position, she served as the Vice President of Business Operations and Strategy for Football Operations, where she oversaw football technology and innovation, administration and football pipeline development. Previously, Ms. Holloway
 served as the NFL s Vice President of Brand, Marketing and Retail Development and as Vice President of Corporate Development - New Business. Prior to joining the NFL, Ms. Holloway served in the Controller s Group at Exxon Mobil from June 1998 to
 February 2004. Ms. Holloway served as audit committee chairman of the Board of Directors of Sports Entertainment Acquisition Corp, prior to the consummation of its initial business combination with Super Group, an online betting and gaming company,
 in January 2022. Ms. Holloway earned a bachelor s degree in Accounting from the University of Houston. We believe Ms. Holloway is well qualified to serve on our board due to her years of experience working with the NFL, including in brand,
 marketing, and retail roles, and her experience serving on the board of a special purpose acquisition company, as well as her years of accounting experience.

Kat Peeler became a director on November 4, 2022. Since September 2016, Ms. Peeler has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Eco Guar Group, a global
 value added B2B supplier of non-GMO Guar products with a focus on sustainability and ethical community fair trade. Prior to this, Ms. Peeler was a senior executive at L Oreal, the beauty products company, from 1998 to 2015. Her roles included
 Senior Vice-President of Garnier consumer business. Ms. Peeler received a Bachelor of Science in Engineering (BSE) degree from Princeton University and a Master of Management (MM) degree from Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University.
 We believe Ms. Peeler is well qualified to serve on our board due to her executive management experience and her knowledge of the cosmetics industry.

75 

Table of Contents 

Our Senior Advisors

Our senior advisors are current and former senior executives with significant investment and operating experience. These executives provide us with expertise and extensive relationship networks
 from which we intend to source and evaluate targets and develop post-acquisition operating strategies.

Brian Finn has over 35 years of experience in the financial services industry, as well as in a variety of corporate and philanthropic board roles. Mr. Finn
 served as CEO of Rotor Acquisition Corp., which launched in January 2021. Rotor Acquisition Corp. announced a merger with Sarcos Robotics in April 2021, which closed in September 2021. From 2008 until he retired in 2013, Mr. Finn served as Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer of Asset Management Finance Corp. (AMF) and as a Senior Advisor to Credit Suisse. From 2004 to 2008, Mr. Finn was Chairman and Head of Alternative Investments at Credit Suisse. During his tenure at Credit Suisse, the
 firm launched a series of alternative investment management firms, including GSO (now Blackstone-GSO), Global Infrastructure Partners (partnership with General Electric), China Renaissance Capital (China Private Equity), Gulf Capital (Middle
 East-North Africa PE), Mubadala Infrastructure Partners (Middle East Infrastructure in partnership with Mubadala and GE), Ospraie Special Opportunities (Commodities PE), Hudson Clean Energy (Alternative Energy PE) and Matlin Patterson (distressed).
 From 2002 to 2005, Mr. Finn held senior managements positions within Credit Suisse, including President of Credit Suisse First Boston as well as President of Investment Banking and CEO of Credit Suisse USA. He was also a member of the Executive
 Board of Credit Suisse Group. Mr. Finn is a member of the boards of Sarcos Technology and Robotics Corporation, The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, Owl Rock Capital Corporation, Owl Rock Capital Corporation II and Owl Rock Capital Corporation III. He
 is currently Chairman of Star Mountain Capital, Chairman of Covr Financial Technologies, an Investment Partner at Nyca Partners (fintech VC) as well as a board member of a number of early stage companies. He has previously been a Strategic Advisor
 to Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, and a member of the boards of Baxter International, Telemundo, MGM Pictures, and a number of other public and private companies. Mr. Finn received a Bachelor of Science Degree in Economics from The Wharton School of the
 University of Pennsylvania.

Gabriel Naouri is the co-founder of Majorelle Investments, a global consumer-focused investment firm. Mr. Naouri was a founding board member and former
 Chairman of Yandex.Market, one of the leading digital marketplaces in Russia, until it was sold in June 2020 (at a valuation of 1.3 billion). Between 2017 and 2020 Mr. Naouri was a Senior Advisor to the CEO of AEON Group, one of the largest
 Japanese retailers. Prior to this Mr. Naouri spent ten years at the French retailer Groupe Casino, listed on the Paris Stock Exchange. Mr. Naouri started with the company in 2007 in the French Hypermarket division, going on to become head of
 operations. In 2012 Mr. Naouri became Head of Private Label, Digital and Innovation of Casino France, and then in 2014 became Deputy Head of International Operations (Asia and Latin America). Prior to Groupe Casino Mr. Naouri was an M A banker
 at Rothschild Bank in New York. Named as Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum in 2008. Mr. Naouri has been a director on multiple boards around the world (Asia, Latin America and Europe) of both publicly listed and private companies. In
 addition to his operational roles, Mr. Naouri has advised and invested in e-commerce companies in the US and in Europe over the last decade. Mr. Naouri has a Master s degree in Applied Mathematics from Paris Dauphine University. Mr. Naouri is a
 certified board member from Sciences Po Paris and NYSE-Euronext.

Number, Terms of Office and Appointment of Directors and Officers

Our board of directors currently consists of seven members.

Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our founder shares will have the right to appoint all of our directors and remove members of the board of directors for any reason, and
 holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by
 a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares attending and voting in a general meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after we consummate our initial business combination. Each of our directors will hold office for a
 two-year term. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board of
 directors or by a majority of the holders of our ordinary shares (or, prior to our initial business combination, holders of our founder shares). 

76 

Table of Contents 

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to
 appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of a
 Chairman, a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Chief Operating Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, a Chief Accounting Officer, Vice Presidents, a Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, a Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the
 board of directors.

Controlled Company Status

After completion of the Initial Public Offering and until the completion of our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of
 directors. Under the Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate
 governance requirements. As a result, we are a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Controlled companies are not required to have a majority of independent directors and are not required to have
 all-independent compensation and nominating committees. We intend to utilize these exemptions and will not have a majority of independent directors, or an all-independent nominating committee, however, we will have an all-independent compensation
 committee. Accordingly, our securityholders will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements.

Director Independence

Under the corporate governance standards of Nasdaq, an independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other
 individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director and who does not fall into certain
 categorical standards established in the Nasdaq rules. Our board of directors has determined that each of Ibukun Awosika, Natara Holloway and Kat Peeler is an independent director as defined under applicable Nasdaq and SEC rules. Our independent
 directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.

Committees of the Board of Directors

Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Subject to phase-in rules, the rules of
 Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. In addition, while Nasdaq rules generally require that the compensation committee and nominating and
 corporate governance committee of a listed company must be comprised solely of independent directors, controlled companies are not required to have an all-independent compensation committee or an all-independent nominating and corporate governance
 committee. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board of directors and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee is available on our website at
 https://acacia.blue/investors.

Audit Committee

The members of our audit committee are Natara Holloway, Ibukun Awosika and Kat Peeler, with Natara Holloway serving as chairman of the audit committee.

Under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to the exception described
 below. Our board of directors has determined that Natara Holloway, Ibukun Awosika and Kat Peeler meet all applicable SEC and Nasdaq independence requirements necessary to serve on the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is
 financially literate and our board of directors has determined that each of Natara Holloway and Ibukun Awosika qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management
 expertise that satisfies the financial sophistication requirements of Nasdaq.

77 

Table of Contents 

We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including:

assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent auditor s qualifications and independence, and (4)
 the performance of our internal audit function and independent auditors 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us 

pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures 

reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (1) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most
 recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out
 by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues 

meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing our specific disclosures under
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction and

reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies
 and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting
 Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities.

Compensation Committee

The members of our compensation committee are Ibukun Awosika and Natara Holloway, with Ibukun Awosika serving as chairman of the compensation committee.

Under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, the compensation committee is required to have at least two members. In addition, while Nasdaq rules generally require that the
 compensation committee of a listed company must be comprised solely of independent directors, controlled companies are not required to have an all-independent compensation committee.

Our board of directors has determined that Ibukun Awosika and Natara Holloway are independent in accordance with applicable SEC and Nasdaq requirements. We have adopted a compensation committee
 charter, which details the purpose and responsibility of the compensation committee, including:

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Co-Chief Executive Officers compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officers performance in light of such
 goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Co-Chief Executive Officers based on such evaluation 

reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and any incentive-compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other
 officers 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement and

78 

Table of Contents 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.

The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or other adviser and
 will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation
 committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC.

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

We have established a nominating and corporate governance committee of the board of directors. In addition, while Nasdaq rules generally require that director nominees must either be selected, or
 recommended for the board s selection, either by: a nominations committee comprised solely of independent directors or independent directors constituting a majority of the board s independent directors in a vote in which only independent directors
 participate, controlled companies are not required to comply with such requirements. The members of our nominating and corporate governance committee are Ibukun Awosika, Natara Holloway, Thomas Northover and Jide Zeitlin, with Ibukun Awosika
 serving as chairman of the nominating and corporate governance committee. The board of directors has determined Ibukun Awosika and Natara Holloway are independent in accordance with applicable SEC and Nasdaq requirements.

We have adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and corporate governance committee, including:

identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by the board of directors, and recommending to the board of directors candidates for
 nomination for appointment at the annual general meeting or to fill vacancies on the board of directors 

developing and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines 

coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the company and

reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary.

The charter also provides that the nominating and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of, and terminate, any search firm to be used to identify
 director candidates, and is directly responsible for approving the search firm s fees and other retention terms.

Director Nominations

Our nominating and corporate governance committee will recommend to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of the shareholders. The board of directors
 will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our shareholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of shareholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of
 shareholders). Our shareholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association .

We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees
 for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our
 shareholders. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors.

79 

Table of Contents 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

None of our officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our
 board of directors.

Code of Ethics

We have adopted a code of ethics and business conduct (our Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of our Code of Ethics is posted on our website at
 https://acacia.blue/investors. Our securityholders are able to review this document by accessing our public filings at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of our Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us.
 We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K.

Corporate Governance Guidelines

Our board of directors has adopted corporate governance guidelines that serve as a flexible framework within which our board of directors and its committees operate. These guidelines cover a
 number of areas including board membership criteria and director qualifications, director responsibilities, board agenda, roles of the chairman of the board, chief executive officer and presiding director, meetings of independent directors,
 committee responsibilities and assignments, board member access to management and independent advisors, director communications with third parties, director compensation, director orientation and continuing education, evaluation of senior
 management and management succession planning. A copy of our corporate governance guidelines is posted on our website.

Conflicts of Interest

Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties:

duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole 

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose 

duty to not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion 

duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders 

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests and

duty to exercise independent judgment.

In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care, which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the
 general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge, skill and experience which that director
 has.

As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their
 position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission
 granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings.

Our officers and directors have, or may have from time to time in the future, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities. These entities may compete with us for acquisition opportunities.
 If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunities. None of the members of our management team who are also employed by our sponsor or its affiliates have any obligation to present us with
 any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our sponsor and directors and officers are also not prohibited from sponsoring, investing or otherwise
 becoming involved with, any other blank check companies, including in connection with their initial business combinations, prior to us completing our initial business combination. Our management team, in their capacities as directors, officers or
 employees of our sponsor or its affiliates or in their other endeavors, may choose to present potential business combinations to other entities with which they are affiliated, current or future entities affiliated with or managed by our sponsor, or
 third parties, before they present such opportunities to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law and any other applicable fiduciary duties.

80 

Table of Contents 

Our directors and officers presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is
 or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our directors or officers becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has
 then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may need to honor these fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands
 law.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is
 expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. Our directors and officers are also not required to commit any
 specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due
 diligence. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Certain of our directors, officers and senior advisors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us
 and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers will materially affect our ability to identify and pursue business combination
 opportunities or complete our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical record of our management s performance as indicative of our future performance. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Past performance by our management team and
 their respective affiliates, including businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the company. 

Potential investors should also be aware of the following potential conflicts of interest:

None of our directors or officers is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities.

In the course of their other business activities, our directors and officers may become aware of investment and business opportunities that may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other
 entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.

Our initial shareholders, directors, officers and senior advisors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with the
 consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 18
 months after the closing of this offering or during any Extension Period. However, if our initial shareholders (or any of our directors, officers or affiliates) acquire public shares, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from
 the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the
 proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Pursuant to a letter agreement that our
 initial shareholders, directors, officers and senior advisors have entered into with us, with certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our initial shareholders until the earlier of:
 (1) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (2) subsequent to our initial business combination (x) if the last reported sale price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted
 for share sub-divisions, share dividends, rights issuances, consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our
 initial business combination or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary
 shares for cash, securities or other property. In addition, our sponsor has agreed, subject to exceptions, not to transfer any unvested founder shares prior to the date such securities become vested. With certain limited exceptions, the
 private placement warrants and the ordinary shares underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our sponsor and
 directors and officers directly and/or indirectly own ordinary shares and warrants, our directors and officers may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to
 effectuate our initial business combination.

81 

Table of Contents 

Our directors and officers may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive
 compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether to proceed with a particular business combination.

Our directors and officers may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such directors and officers was included by a
 target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor.

Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our directors and officers have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed
 criteria to multiple entities. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our directors and officers currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations:

Individual

Entity

Entity s Business

Affiliation

Jide Zeitlin

The Keffi Group Ltd

Principal Investment

CEO and Chairman

Lew Frankfort

Benvolio Group

Principal Investment

CEO

Veronica Beard

Luxury Branded Retail

Director

MindBodyGreen

Consumer Lifestyle and Wellness

Director

LinkIT

Education

Director

Charles McGuigan

Gym Plus Coffee Limited

Apparel 

Director

Thomas Northover

The Keffi Group Ltd.

Principal Investment

Chief Investment Officer

Kuramo Capital Management

Investment Management

Investment Professional

Ibukun Awosika

d-Light Inc

Energy

Director

House of Tara International

Beauty

Director

Cadbury Nigeria Plc

Food and Beverage

Director

Digital Jewels Limited

Consulting

Director

Natara Holloway

Super Group (SGHC) Limited

Amusement and Recreation

Director

Houston Exponential

Management Consulting Services

CEO 

Kat Peeler

Eco Guar Group

Food and Beverage

CEO

Accordingly, if any of the above directors or officers become aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities to which he or she has then-current
 fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity, subject to
 his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is
 expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. We do not believe, however, that any of the foregoing fiduciary
 duties or contractual obligations will materially affect our ability to identify and pursue business combination opportunities or complete our initial business combination.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, directors or officers. In the event we seek to complete our initial
 business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another valuation or appraisal firm that regularly renders fairness
 opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view.

82 

Table of Contents 

In addition, our sponsor or any of its affiliates may make additional investments in the company in connection with the initial business combination, although our sponsor and its affiliates have
 no obligation or current intention to do so. If our sponsor or any of its affiliates elects to make additional investments, such proposed investments could influence our sponsor s motivation to complete an initial business combination.

In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our initial shareholders, directors, officers and senior advisors have agreed, pursuant to the
 terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote any founder shares (and their permitted transferees will agree) and public shares held by them (including public shares purchased in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in
 favor of our initial business combination.

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers

Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of directors and officers, except to the extent any such
 provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association provide for indemnification of our directors and officers to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful
 neglect.

We have entered into agreements with our directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association. We may purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our directors and officers against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against
 our obligations to indemnify our directors and officers.

We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced directors and officers.

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been
 informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable.

83 

Table of Contents 

Item 11. Executive Officer and Director Compensation

None of our directors or officers have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We currently pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space,
 administrative and support services and will continue to pay until the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation. In addition, our sponsor, directors and officers, or any of their respective affiliates, will be
 reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a
 quarterly basis all payments that are made by us to our sponsor, directors, officers or our or any of their respective affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account.
 Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
 with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination.

After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other compensation from the combined
 company. All compensation will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not
 established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the
 post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers after the completion of our initial business combination will be determined by a compensation
 committee constituted solely by independent directors.

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is
 possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements may
 influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, and we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination should be a determining
 factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our directors and officers that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.

84 

Table of Contents 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of April 4, 2023 by:

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares 

each of our directors and executive officers and

all our directors and executive officers as a group.

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following
 table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the Private Placement Warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days hereof.

Class A Ordinary Shares

Class B Ordinary Shares (1) 

Name and Address of

 Beneficial Owner (2) 

Beneficially

 Owned

Approximate

 Percentage 

 of

 Class A

 Ordinary 

 Shares

 Issued and

 Outstanding

Beneficially Owned

Approximate

 Percentage 

 of

 Class B

 Ordinary 

 Shares

 Issued and

 Outstanding

Approximate

 Percentage 

 of

 Issued and

 Outstanding

 Ordinary Shares

Directors and Officers

Jide Zeitlin (3) 

Lew Frankfort (3) 

Charles McGuigan (3) 

Thomas Northover (3) 

Ibukun Awosika

40,000

Natara Holloway

40,000

Kat Peeler

All officers and directors as a group (6 individuals)

80,000

1.2

Other 5 Holders

bleuacacia sponsor LLC (4) 

6,820,000

98.8

19.8

Saba Capital Management, L.P. (5) 

2,514,316

9.1

7.3

Less than one percent.

(1) 

Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject
 to adjustment.

(2) 

Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following is 500 Fifth Avenue New York, NY 10110.

(3) 

Does not include any shares indirectly owned by this individual as a result of his or her partnership interest in our sponsor or its affiliates.

(4) 

Jide Zeitlin and at least three other individuals each have voting and dispositive power over the shares owned by bleuacacia sponsor LLC. Under the so-called rule of three, if voting and dispositive
 decisions regarding an entity s securities are made by three or more individuals, and a voting or dispositive decision requires the approval of a majority of those individuals, then none of the individuals is deemed a beneficial owner of
 the entity s securities. Based upon the foregoing analysis, the aforementioned individuals do not exercise voting or dispositive control over any of the securities held by bleuacacia sponsor LLC, even those in which such person directly
 holds a pecuniary interest. Accordingly, none of them will be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of such shares.

(5) 

According to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 on behalf of Saba Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Saba Capital ), Saba Capital Management GP, LLC, a Delaware
 limited liability company Saba GP ), and Mr. Boaz R. Weinstein Mr. Weinstein ). Each may be deemed the beneficial owner of 2,514,316 of the Company s Class A ordinary shares. The principal business address for each is 405 Lexington
 Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174.

85 

Table of Contents 

Immediately after the Initial Public Offering, our initial shareholders beneficially owned 20.0 of the then issued and outstanding ordinary shares and have the right to elect all of our
 directors prior to our initial business combination as a result of holding all of the founder shares. Holders of our public shares will not have the right to appoint any directors to our board of directors prior to our initial business combination.
 In addition, because of their ownership block, our initial shareholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions.

Our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 7,520,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant 7,520,000 in the aggregate) in a Private Placement that occurred simultaneously with
 the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. If we do not complete our initial business combination
 within 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or during any Extension Period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the
 Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering except that: (1) they will not be redeemable by us (2) they (including the
 Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (3) they may
 be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (4) they (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) are entitled to registration rights.

Our sponsor and our directors and officers are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws.

Equity Compensation Plans

As of December 31, 2022, we had no compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities of the Company were authorized for issuance.

86 

Table of Contents 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

Founder Shares

In February 2021, our sponsor purchased 8,625,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. Prior to the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our sponsor surrendered to us at
 no cost an aggregate of 2,875,000 Class B ordinary shares, which were cancelled. In November 2021, we effected a share capitalization resulting in our initial shareholders holding an aggregate of 6,900,000 founder shares. Our initial shareholders
 collectively owned 20 of our issued and outstanding shares upon closing of the Initial Public Offering.

Upon closing of the Initial Public Offering, our sponsor purchased from us, pursuant to the Sponsor Warrant Purchase Agreement, to purchase an aggregate of 7,520,000 Private Placement Warrants at
 a price of 1.00 per warrant in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Each Private Placement Warrant may be exercised for one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject
 to adjustment. The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by it until 30 days
 after the completion of our initial business combination.

Administrative Services Agreement

On November 17, 2021, we agreed to pay an affiliate of the sponsor 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of the management team
 through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business Combination and our liquidation. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we incurred expenses of approximately
 120,000 and 15,000, respectively, under this agreement.

In addition, the sponsor, officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as
 identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to the sponsor, executive officers or directors, or their
 affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial Business Combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account.

Related Party Loans

The sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 pursuant to a promissory note, dated February 12, 2021, which was later amended and restated on July 30, 2021 (the 2021 Note ). The 2021 Note was
 non-interest bearing, unsecured and due upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. We borrowed approximately 167,000 under the 2021 Note. We repaid all of the 2021 Note upon closing of the Initial Public Offering and repaid the remaining
 balance of approximately 1,000 on November 24, 2021.

On April 1, 2022, we entered into a convertible promissory note (the 2022 Note with our sponsor. Pursuant to the 2022 Note, we may borrow from the sponsor, from time to time, up to an
 aggregate of 1,500,000. Borrowings under the 2022 Note do not bear interest. The 2022 Note will mature on the earlier to occur of (i) 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering (or up to any extension period, if applicable) or (ii)
 the effective date of an initial business combination. If we complete a business combination, we will repay the 2022 Note out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. Otherwise, the 2022 Note will be repaid only out of funds held
 outside the trust account. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into Private Placement Warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the sponsor s option. The 2022 Note contains customary events of
 default, including those relating to the Company s failure to repay the principal amount due upon maturity of the 2022 Note and certain bankruptcy events. In July 2022, we borrowed 300,000 under the 2022 Note. As of December 31, 2022, 300,000 was
 outstanding under the 2022 Note.

87 

Table of Contents 

Working Capital Loans

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of
 our directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. Otherwise, such
 loans may be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no
 proceeds from our trust account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private
 Placement Warrants issued to our sponsor.

Registration Rights Agreement

The holders of the founder shares, Private Placement Warrants, and any warrants that may be issued on conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the
 exercise of the Private Placement Warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the working capital loans and upon conversion of the founder shares) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to the registration rights agreement requiring us
 to register such securities for resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion to our Class A ordinary shares). The holders of these securities will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration
 demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require
 us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not be required to effect or permit any registration or cause any registration statement to
 become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up periods in respect of such securities. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

88 

Table of Contents 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services

The following is a summary of fees paid to Marcum LLP, for services rendered.

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements, reviews of our
 quarterly financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. The aggregate fees by Marcum LLP for audit fees, inclusive of required
 filings with the SEC and of services rendered in connection with our initial public offering for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, totaled 85,898 and 95,797,
 respectively.

Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or
 review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We
 did not pay Marcum LLP any audit-related fees during the year ended December 31, 2022 or for the period from February 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021.

Tax Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. We did not pay Marcum LLP any
 tax fees during the year ended December 31, 2022 or for the period from February 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021.

All Other Fees . All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. We did not pay Marcum LLP any such fees during the year ended December 31,
 2022 or for the period from February 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021.

Policy on Board Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Auditors

The audit committee is responsible for appointing, setting compensation and overseeing the work of the independent auditors. In recognition of this responsibility, the audit committee shall review and, in its sole
 discretion, pre-approve all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors as provided under the audit committee charter.

89 

Table of Contents 

PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

The following documents are filed as part of this report:

(1) 

Financial Statements:

See Item 8. Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein.

(2) 

Financial Statement Schedules:

None.

(3) 

Index to Exhibits:

The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Exhibit Index

Exhibit 

 No.

Description of Exhibit

3.1 (1) 

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association

4.1 (1) 

Public Warrant Agreement, dated November 17, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent.

4.2 (1) 

Private Warrant Agreement, dated November 17, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent.

4.3 (1) 

Rights Agreement, dated November 17, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as rights agent.

4.4 (2) 

Description of Securities

10.1 (1) 

Letter Agreement, dated November 17, 2021, by and among the Company, its officers, directors and senior advisors and bleuacacia sponsor LLC.

10.2 (1) 

Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated November 17, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee.

10.3 (1) 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 17, 2021, by and among the Company, bleuacacia sponsor LLC and the other parties thereto.

10.4 (1) 

Sponsor Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated November 17, 2021, by and between the Company and bleuacacia sponsor LLC.

10.5 (1) 

Administrative Services Agreement, dated November 17, 2021, by and between the Company and bleuacacia sponsor LLC.

10.6 (1) 

Form of Indemnity Agreement

10.7 (2) 

Convertible Promissory Note, dated April 1, 2022, between the Company and bleuacacia sponsor LLC

31.1 

Certification of Jide Zeitlin, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

90 

Table of Contents 

31.2 

Certification of Lew Frankfort, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

31.3 

Certification of Thomas Northover, Executive Director of the Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32.1 

Certification of Jide Zeitlin, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32.2 

Certification of Lew Frankfort, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32.3 

Certification of Thomas Northover, Executive Director of the Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

Filed herewith.

Furnished herewith.

(1) 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2021.

(2) 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 1, 2022.

91 

Table of Contents 

Item 16. 

 Form 10-K Summary 

None.

92 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
 duly authorized.

BLEUACACIA LTD

Date: April 5, 2023

By:

/s/ Jide Zeitlin

Name:

Jide Zeitlin

Title:

Co-Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities on the dates indicated.

Name

Position

Date

/s/ Jide Zeitlin

Co-Chairman of the Board and Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)

April 5, 2023

Jide Zeitlin

/s/ Lew Frankfort

Co-Chairman of the Board and Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)

April 5, 2023

Lew Frankfort

/s/ Charles McGuigan

Chief Operating Officer, President and Director

April 5, 2023

Charles McGuigan

/s/ Thomas Northover

Executive Director (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

April 5, 2023

Thomas Northover

/s/ Ibukun Awosika

Director

April 5, 2023

Ibukun Awosika

/s/ Natara Holloway

Director

April 5, 2023

Natara Holloway

/s/ Kat Peeler

Director

April 5, 2023

Kat Peeler

<EX-31.1>
 2
 brhc10050319_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Jide Zeitlin , certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of bleuacacia ltd;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
 to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
 assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
 procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and
 the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: April 5, 2023

/s/ Jide Zeitlin

Jide Zeitlin

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 brhc10050319_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Lew Frankfort , certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of bleuacacia ltd;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
 to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
 assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
 procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and
 the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: April 5, 2023

/s/ Lew Frankfort 

Lew Frankfort

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 4
 brhc10050319_ex31-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.3

Exhibit 31.3 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Thomas Northover , certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of bleuacacia ltd;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
 to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
 assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
 procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and
 the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: April 5, 2023

/s/ Thomas Northover 

Thomas Northover

Executive Director

(Principal Financial Officer)

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 brhc10050319_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of bleuacacia ltd (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: April 5, 2023

/s/ Jide Zeitlin

Jide Zeitlin

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 brhc10050319_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of bleuacacia ltd (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: April 5, 2023

/s/ Lew Frankfort

Lew Frankfort

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 7
 brhc10050319_ex32-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.3

Exhibit 32.3 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of bleuacacia ltd (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: April 5, 2023

/s/ Thomas Northover 

Thomas Northover 

Executive Director 

(Principal Financial Officer)

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 bleu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 bleu-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 bleu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 bleu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 bleu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

