<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230405_10-K_edgar_data_1411059_0001411059-23-000032.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3115326</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>329841</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>580057</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1078962</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>575582</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>487864</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>22</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001411059-23-000032.hdr.sgml : 20230405
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230405163551
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001411059-23-000032
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230405
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230405

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KBS Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001411059
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				260658752
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53649
		FILM NUMBER:		23803086

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 NEWPORT CENTER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			NEWPORT BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92660
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-417-6500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 NEWPORT CENTER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			NEWPORT BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92660

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001411059-23-000032.txt : 20230405

10-K
 1
 kbsrii-20221231.htm
 FORM 10-K

kbsrii-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ______________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ______________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 ______________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 ______________________________________________________ (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 ______________________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered None None 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 ____________________________________________________ 
 None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share 
 ____________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 There is established market for the Registrant s shares of common stock. On March 5, 2020, the Registrant s stockholders approved the Registrant s Plan of Complete Liquidation and Dissolution of the Company (the Plan of Liquidation ). Pursuant to the Plan of Liquidation, from March 5, 2020 to December 31, 2022, the Registrant s board of directors authorized five liquidating distributions. On August 11, 2022, the Registrant s board of directors approved an estimated liquidation value per share of the Registrant s common stock of 0.93 (unaudited). For a description of the methodologies and assumptions used in the determination of the August 2022 estimated liquidation value per share, see Part II, Item 5 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 12, 2022. On April 4, 2023, the Registrant s board of directors approved an estimated liquidation value per share of the Registrant s common stock of 0.73. See Part II, Item 5, Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities - Market Information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 There were approximately 183,324,238 shares of common stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 
 As of April 3, 2023, there were outstanding shares of common stock of the Registrant. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 3 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 3 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 5 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 19 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 19 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 19 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 19 
 PART II 
 20 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 20 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 22 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 23 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 28 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 28 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 28 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 28 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 28 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 28 
 PART III 
 29 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 29 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 33 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 35 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 35 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 39 
 PART IV 
 41 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 41 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 44 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F- 1 

1 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements. Those statements include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of KBS Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc. and members of our management team, as well as the assumptions on which such statements are based, and generally are identified by the use of words such as may, will, seeks, anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, plans, intends, should or similar expressions. These include statements about our plans, strategies and Plan of Liquidation (defined herein) and these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. Further, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results over time, unless required by law. 
 For a discussion of some of the risks and uncertainties, although not all risks and uncertainties, that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those presented in our forward-looking statements, see the risks identified in Summary Risk Factors below and in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report ). 

SUMMARY RISK FACTORS 
 The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our plans, strategies and Plan of Liquidation. This summary highlights certain of the risks that are discussed further in this Annual Report but does not address all the risks that we face. For additional discussion of the risks summarized below and a discussion of other risks that we face, see Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 Although our board of directors and our stockholders have approved the sale of all of our assets and our dissolution pursuant to the Plan of Liquidation, we can give no assurance that we will be able to successfully complete the Plan of Liquidation and sell our assets, pay our debts and distribute the net proceeds from liquidation to our stockholders as we expect. If we underestimated our existing obligations and liabilities or if unanticipated or contingent liabilities arise, the amount of liquidating distributions ultimately paid to our stockholders could be less than estimated. 
 We may face unanticipated difficulties, delays or expenditures relating to our implementation of the Plan of Liquidation, which may reduce or delay our payment of liquidating distributions. 
 We may face risks associated with legal proceedings, including stockholder litigation, that may be instituted against us related to the Plan of Liquidation. 
 All of our executive officers, one of our directors and other key professionals are also officers, directors, managers, key professionals and/or holders of a direct or indirect controlling interest in our advisor, the entity that acted as our dealer manager and/or other KBS-affiliated entities. As a result, they face conflicts of interest, including significant conflicts created by our advisor s compensation arrangements with us and other KBS-sponsored programs and KBS-advised investors and conflicts in allocating time among us and these other programs and investors. These conflicts could result in unanticipated actions. 
 We pay substantial fees to and expenses of our advisor and its affiliates. These payments reduce the amount of liquidating distributions our stockholders will receive. 
 On November 1, 2021, in connection with our liquidation pursuant to the Plan of Liquidation, our board of directors approved the termination of our share redemption program effective as of November 22, 2021. As such, our stockholders primary source of liquidity is the completion of our Plan of Liquidation. 
 As a result of our disposition activity in connection with our liquidation, our general and administrative expenses, which are not directly related to the size of our total assets, have increased as a percentage of our cash flow from operations, and we will continue to incur general and administrative expenses until we have liquidated and dissolved. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 KBS Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc. (the Company is a Maryland corporation that has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust REIT and it intends to operate in such a manner. As used herein, the terms we, our and us refer to the Company and as required by context, KBS Limited Partnership II, a Delaware limited partnership (the Operating Partnership ), and their subsidiaries. We conduct our business primarily through our Operating Partnership, of which we are the sole general partner. Subject to certain restrictions and limitations, our business is managed by KBS Capital Advisors LLC KBS Capital Advisors ), our external advisor, pursuant to an advisory agreement. Our advisor owns 20,000 shares of our common stock. We have no paid employees. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned one office property, which we sold on March 30, 2023. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 183,346,918 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 
 On November 13, 2019, in connection with a review of potential strategic alternatives available to us, a special committee composed of all of our independent directors (the Special Committee and our board of directors unanimously approved the sale of all of our assets and our dissolution pursuant to the terms of the plan of complete liquidation and dissolution (the Plan of Liquidation ). The principal purpose of the Plan of Liquidation is to provide liquidity to our stockholders by selling our assets, paying our debts and distributing the net proceeds from liquidation to our stockholders. On March 5, 2020, our stockholders approved the Plan of Liquidation. The Plan of Liquidation is included as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Plan of Liquidation 
 In accordance with the Plan of Liquidation, our objectives are to pursue an orderly liquidation of our company by selling all of our assets, paying our debts and our known liabilities, providing for the payment of unknown or contingent liabilities, distributing the net proceeds from liquidation to our stockholders and winding up our operations and dissolving our company. 
 Pursuant to the Plan of Liquidation, our board of directors has authorized five liquidating distributions: 
 Record Date Payment Date Liquidating Distribution Per Share March 5, 2020 March 10, 2020 0.75 August 3, 2020 August 7, 2020 0.25 December 24, 2020 December 30, 2020 0.40 October 1, 2021 October 5, 2021 0.50 December 9, 2021 December 14, 2021 0.20 

We completed the sale of our last remaining real estate property on March 30, 2023. See Real Estate and Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Subsequent Events. We anticipate to distribute substantially all of the remaining proceeds from liquidation in the second quarter of 2023. At the time of adopting the Plan of Liquidation, we had anticipated completing the orderly liquidation of our company and paying substantially all of our liquidating distributions from the net proceeds from liquidation within 24 months after stockholder approval of the Plan of Liquidation, which occurred on March 5, 2020. Given the continued disruptions in the financial markets and continued economic uncertainty, our completion of the Plan of Liquidation has been delayed. Although we were not able to complete our liquidation within the 24-month period described above, we do not anticipate any material unfavorable tax consequences to our stockholders or to our status as a REIT. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, (i) we did not have any current and accumulated earnings and profits (including any gain) or taxable income or gain for the taxable years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 and (ii) we do not anticipate any current and accumulated earnings and profits (including any gain) or taxable income or gain in the future. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Our completion of the Plan of Liquidation and the amount of any additional liquidating distributions that we will pay to our stockholders and when we will pay them are subject to risks and uncertainties and are based on certain estimates and assumptions, one or more of which may prove to be incorrect. As a result, the actual amount of any additional liquidating distributions we pay to stockholders may be less than we estimate and the liquidating distributions may be paid later than we predict. There are many factors that may affect the amount of liquidating distributions we will ultimately pay to our stockholders. If we underestimate our existing obligations and liabilities or the amount of taxes, transaction fees and expenses relating to the liquidation and dissolution, or if unanticipated or contingent liabilities arise, the amount of liquidating distributions ultimately paid to our stockholders could be less than estimated. We can give no assurance regarding the amount or timing of liquidating distributions to be received by our stockholders. 
 Real Estate 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned one office property located in Los Angeles, California, encompassing in the aggregate 701,888 rentable square feet Union Bank Plaza ). As of December 31, 2022, this property was 57 occupied. The estimated liquidation value of this property was 93.5 million, net of deposits received as of December 31, 2022. On March 30, 2023, we completed the sale of Union Bank Plaza for 104.0 million, before third-party closing costs of approximately 1.1 million, inclusive of 10.5 million of non-refundable deposits and excluding disposition fees payable to our advisor. See Part I, Item 2, Properties and Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Subsequent Events. 
 Economic Dependency 
 We are dependent on our advisor for certain services that are essential to us, including the execution of the Plan of Liquidation and other general and administrative responsibilities. In the event that our advisor is unable to provide any of these services, we will be required to obtain such services from other sources. 
 Compliance with Federal, State and Local Environmental Law 
 Under various federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous real property owner or operator may be liable for the cost of removing or remediating hazardous or toxic substances on, under or in such property. These costs could be substantial. Such laws often impose liability whether or not the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. Environmental laws also may impose liens on properties or restrictions on the manner in which properties may be used or businesses may be operated, and these restrictions may require substantial expenditures or prevent us from entering into leases with prospective tenants that may be impacted by such laws. Environmental laws provide for sanctions for noncompliance and may be enforced by governmental agencies or, in certain circumstances, by private parties. Certain environmental laws and common law principles could be used to impose liability for the release of and exposure to hazardous substances, including asbestos-containing materials and lead-based paint. Third parties may seek recovery from real property owners or operators for personal injury or property damage associated with exposure to released hazardous substances and governments may seek recovery for natural resource damage. The cost of defending against claims of environmental liability, of complying with environmental regulatory requirements, of remediating any contaminated property, or of paying personal injury, property damage or natural resource damage claims could reduce our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 All of our properties were subject to Phase I environmental assessments prior to the time they were acquired. Some of our properties were subject to potential environmental liabilities arising primarily from historic activities at or in the vicinity of the properties. Based on our environmental diligence and assessments of our properties and our purchase of pollution and remediation legal liability insurance with respect to some of our properties, we do not believe that environmental conditions are likely to have a material adverse effect on our operations. 
 Human Capital 
 We have no paid employees. The employees of our advisor and its affiliates provide management, advisory and certain administrative services for us. 
 Principal Executive Office 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 800 Newport Center Drive, Suite 700, Newport Beach, CA 92660. Our telephone number, general facsimile number and website address are (949) 417-6500, (949) 417-6501 and www.kbsreitii.com , respectively. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Available Information 
 Access to copies of our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and other filings with the SEC, including amendments to such filings, may be obtained free of charge from the following website, www.kbsreitii.com , or through the SEC s website, www.sec.gov . These filings are available promptly after we file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The following are some of the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results, including those related to our implementation of the Plan of Liquidation, to differ materially from those presented in our forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face but do represent those risks and uncertainties that we believe are material to us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also harm our business. 

Risks Related to the Plan of Liquidation 
 We may not be able to pay liquidating distributions to our stockholders at the times and in the amounts we currently expect. 
 On April 4, 2023, our board of directors approved an estimated liquidation value per share of our common stock of 0.73 based on our net assets in liquidation, divided by the number of shares outstanding, all as of December 31, 2022. See Part II, Item 5, Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities - Market Information in this Annual Report. 
 In accordance with the Plan of Liquidation, our objectives are to pursue an orderly liquidation of our company by selling all of our assets, paying our debts and our known liabilities, providing for the payment of unknown or contingent liabilities, distributing the net proceeds from liquidation to our stockholders and winding up our operations and dissolving our company. We anticipate to distribute substantially all of the remaining proceeds from liquidation in the second quarter of 2023. At the time of adopting the Plan of Liquidation, we had anticipated completing the orderly liquidation of our company and paying substantially all of our liquidating distributions from the net proceeds from liquidation within 24 months after stockholder approval of the Plan of Liquidation, which occurred on March 5, 2020. Given the continued disruptions in the financial markets and continued economic uncertainty, our completion of the Plan of Liquidation has been delayed. Although we were not able to complete our liquidation within the 24-month period described above, we do not anticipate any material unfavorable tax consequences to our stockholders or to our status as a REIT. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, (i) we did not have any current and accumulated earnings and profits (including any gain) or taxable income or gain for the taxable years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 and (ii) we do not anticipate any current and accumulated earnings and profits (including any gain) or taxable income or gain in the future. Our expectations about the amount of any additional liquidating distributions that we will pay and when we will pay them are subject to risks and uncertainties and are based on certain estimates and assumptions, one or more of which may prove to be incorrect. As a result, the actual amount of any additional liquidating distributions we pay to our stockholders may be less than our estimate and the liquidating distributions may be paid later than we predict. We do not expect to pay regular monthly distributions during the liquidation process. 
 If our liquidation costs or unpaid liabilities are greater than we expect, our liquidating distributions may be delayed or reduced. 
 Before paying the final liquidating distribution, we will need to pay or arrange for the payment of all of our transaction costs in the liquidation, all other costs and all valid claims of our creditors. We have put in place a tail insurance policy to cover any unknown claims against us. Our board of directors may also decide to establish a reserve fund to pay contingent claims. The amounts of the various transaction costs in the liquidation are not yet final, so we have used estimates of these costs in calculating the amounts of our estimated net proceeds from liquidation as of April 4, 2023. To the extent that we have underestimated these costs in calculating our projections, our actual net proceeds from liquidation per share may be lower than we expect. In addition, if the claims of our creditors are greater than we have anticipated, our liquidating distributions may be delayed or reduced. Further, if we establish a reserve fund, payment of liquidating distributions to our stockholders may be delayed or reduced. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Our April 4, 2023 estimated liquidation value per share may not reflect the value that stockholders will receive for their investment upon our liquidation pursuant to the Plan of Liquidation. 
 On April 4, 2023, our board of directors approved an estimated liquidation value per share of our common stock of 0.73 based on our net assets in liquidation, divided by the number of shares outstanding, all as of December 31, 2022. We are providing this estimated liquidation value per share to assist broker-dealers that participated in our now-terminated initial public offering in meeting their customer account statement reporting obligations under Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA Rule 2231. 
 For more information regarding the determination of the April 4, 2023 estimated liquidation value per share, see Part II, Item 5, Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As with any valuation methodology, the methodologies used are based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that may not be accurate or complete. Different parties with different assumptions and estimates could derive a different estimated liquidation value per share, and this difference could be significant. The April 4, 2023 estimated liquidation value per share is not audited and does not represent the fair value of our assets less the fair value of our liabilities according to GAAP. Moreover, we did not obtain an appraisal in connection with the determination of the estimated liquidation value per share. 
 Our expectations about the implementation of the Plan of Liquidation and the amount of any additional liquidating distributions that we pay to our stockholders and when we will pay them are subject to risks and uncertainties and are based on certain estimates and assumptions, one or more of which may prove to be incorrect. There are many factors that may affect the amount of liquidating distributions we will ultimately pay to our stockholders. If we underestimated our existing obligations and liabilities or the amount of taxes, transaction fees and expenses relating to the liquidation and dissolution, or if unanticipated or contingent liabilities arise, the amount of liquidating distributions ultimately paid to our stockholders could be less than estimated. 
 No assurance can be given that any additional liquidating distributions we pay to our stockholders will equal or exceed the April 4, 2023 estimated liquidation value per share. Accordingly, with respect to the estimated liquidation value per share, we can give no assurance: 
 of the amount or timing of liquidating distributions we will ultimately be able to pay our stockholders; 
 that a stockholder would be able to resell his or her shares at the estimated liquidation value per share; 
 that an independent third-party appraiser or third-party valuation firm would agree with the estimated liquidation value per share; or 
 that the methodology used to determine the estimated liquidation value per share would be acceptable to FINRA or for compliance with ERISA reporting requirements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuing the Plan of Liquidation may cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT, which would dramatically lower the amount of our liquidating distributions. 
 For so long as we qualify as a REIT and distribute all of our REIT taxable income, we generally are not subject to federal income tax. Although our board of directors does not presently intend to terminate our REIT status prior to paying the final liquidating distribution to our stockholders and our dissolution, our board of directors may take actions pursuant to the Plan of Liquidation that would result in such a loss of REIT status. Upon payment of the final liquidating distribution and our dissolution, our existence and our REIT status will terminate. However, there is a risk that our actions during the liquidation process may cause us to fail to meet one or more of the requirements that must be met in order to qualify as a REIT prior to completion of the Plan of Liquidation. For example, to qualify as a REIT, generally at least 75 of our gross income in each taxable year must come from real estate sources and generally at least 95 of our gross income in each taxable year must come from real estate sources and certain other sources that are itemized in the REIT tax laws, mainly interest and dividends. We may encounter difficulties satisfying these requirements during the liquidation process. In addition, in connection with that process, we may recognize ordinary income in excess of the cash received. The REIT rules require us to pay out a large portion of our ordinary income in the form of a dividend to our stockholders. However, to the extent that we recognize ordinary income without any cash available for distribution, and if we were unable to borrow to fund the required dividend or find another way to meet the REIT distribution requirements, we may cease to qualify as a REIT. Although we expect to comply with the requirements necessary to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, if we are unable to do so, we will, among other things (unless entitled to relief under certain statutory provisions): 
 not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to stockholders in computing our taxable income; 
 be subject to federal income tax on our taxable income, including recognized gains, at regular corporate rates; 
 be subject to increased state and local taxes; and 
 be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the taxable year in which we lose our qualification and for the four following taxable years. 
 As a result of these consequences, our failure to qualify as a REIT could substantially reduce the amount of liquidating distributions we pay to our stockholders. 
 The sale of properties may cause us to incur penalty losses. 
 So long as we continue to qualify as a REIT, any net gain from prohibited transactions will be subject to a 100 tax. Prohibited transactions are sales of property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business. The prohibited transactions tax is intended to prevent a REIT from retaining any profit from the sales of properties held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code provides for a safe harbor which, if all its conditions are met, would protect a REIT s property sales from being considered prohibited transactions. Whether property is held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business is a highly factual determination. We believe that all of our properties were held for investment and the production of rental income, and that none of the sales of our properties will constitute a prohibited transaction. We do not believe that the sales of our properties pursuant to the Plan of Liquidation should be subject to the prohibited transactions tax. However, due to the sales volume and other factors, the contemplated sales may not qualify for the protective safe harbor. There can, however, be no assurances that the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the IRS will not successfully challenge the characterization of properties for purposes of applying the prohibited transaction tax. 
 In certain circumstances, the board of directors may terminate, amend, modify or delay the Plan of Liquidation even though it is approved by our stockholders. 
 Our board of directors has adopted and approved the Plan of Liquidation. Nevertheless, prior to the acceptance for record of our articles of dissolution (the Articles of Dissolution by the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland (the SDAT ), the board of directors may terminate the Plan of Liquidation for any reason, subject to and contingent upon the approval of such termination by our stockholders. Notwithstanding approval of the Plan of Liquidation by our stockholders, our board of directors may make certain modifications or amendments to the Plan of Liquidation without further action by or approval of our stockholders to the extent permitted under law. Although our board of directors has no present intention to pursue any alternative to the Plan of Liquidation, our board of directors may conclude that terminating the Plan of Liquidation is in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. If our board of directors elects to pursue any alternative to the Plan of Liquidation, our stockholders would have to approve the termination of the Plan of Liquidation and may not receive the consideration currently estimated to be available for distribution to our stockholders pursuant to the Plan of Liquidation. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Our stockholders could, in some circumstances, be held liable for amounts they received from us in connection with our dissolution. 
 If we fail to create an adequate contingency reserve for payment of our expenses and liabilities, each of our stockholders could be held liable for the payment to our creditors of such stockholder s pro rata portion of the excess, limited to the amounts previously received by the stockholder in distributions from us. If a court holds at any time that we failed to make adequate provision for our expenses and liabilities or if the amount ultimately required to be paid in respect of such liabilities exceeds the amount available from the contingency reserve, our creditors could seek an injunction to prevent us from paying distributions under the Plan of Liquidation on the grounds that the amounts to be distributed are needed to provide for the payment of such expenses and liabilities. Any such action could delay or substantially diminish the amount of liquidating distributions to be paid to our stockholders. 
 We will continue to incur the expenses of complying with public company reporting requirements. 
 Until our liquidation and dissolution are complete, we have an obligation to continue to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, even if compliance with these reporting requirements is economically burdensome. In order to curtail expenses, we may, after filing our Articles of Dissolution, seek relief from the SEC from certain reporting requirements under the Exchange Act. We anticipate that, if we seek such relief and it is granted, we would continue to file current reports on Form 8-K to disclose material events relating to our liquidation and dissolution, along with any other reports that the SEC might require, but would discontinue filing annual and quarterly reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q. However, we may not seek such relief or the SEC may not grant any such relief. To the extent that we delay filing the Articles of Dissolution or if we do not obtain reporting relief, we would be obligated to continue complying with the applicable reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. The expenses we incur in complying with the applicable reporting requirements would reduce the amount of liquidating distributions we pay to our stockholders. 
 Approval of the Plan of Liquidation may lead to stockholder litigation, which could result in substantial costs and distract our management. 
 Extraordinary corporate actions by a company, such as our Plan of Liquidation, sometimes lead to lawsuits being filed against that company. We may become involved in this type of litigation in connection with the Plan of Liquidation. As of April 5, 2023, no such lawsuits relative to the Plan of Liquidation were pending or, to our knowledge, threatened. However, if such a lawsuit is filed against us, the litigation could be expensive and divert management s attention from implementing the Plan of Liquidation. 
 Our affiliated director and officers and our advisor and its affiliates may have conflicts of interest that may influence their actions during the implementation of the Plan of Liquidation and these conflicts may cause them to manage our liquidation in a manner not solely in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 Our affiliated director and officers and our advisor and its affiliates have interests in our liquidation that are different from your interests as a stockholder. Some of the conflicts of interest presented by the liquidation are summarized below. 
 All of our executive officers, including Messrs. Schreiber and Waldvogel and Ms. Yamane, are officers of our advisor and/or one or more of our advisor s affiliates and are compensated by those entities, in part, for their service rendered to us. We currently do not pay any direct compensation to our executive officers. Mr. Schreiber is also one of our directors. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the advisory agreement, our advisor is expected to be entitled to disposition fees in connection with the sale of our properties. From March 5, 2020 through the completion of our liquidation, these disposition fees are estimated to be approximately 6.9 million. 
 Our advisor earned asset management fees from us and receives reimbursement of certain of its operating costs. Our advisor earned such fees through the disposition of our remaining real estate property on March 30, 2023, and our advisor will receive reimbursements for expenses until our liquidation and dissolution are complete. We may pay our advisor an aggregate of approximately 13.0 million for asset management fees and reimbursement of certain of its operating expenses from March 5, 2020 through our completion of the liquidation process. 
 Our advisor owns a total of 20,000 shares of our common stock, for which we estimate it will receive liquidating distributions of approximately 56,000 in connection with our liquidation, inclusive of the three liquidating distributions paid in 2020 and two liquidating distributions paid in 2021. 
 Because of the above conflicts of interest, our affiliated director, our officers and our advisor may be motivated to make decisions or take actions based on factors other than the best interest of our stockholders throughout the liquidation process. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Our officers, our affiliated director, our advisor and the real estate professionals assembled by our advisor will face competing demands on their time which may adversely affect their management of our liquidation. 
 Our advisor is also the external advisor to KBS Real Estate Investment Trust III, Inc. KBS REIT III and KBS Growth Income REIT, Inc. KBS Growth Income REIT ), each of which is a KBS-sponsored non-traded REIT. Other KBS-advised investors are also advised by affiliates of our advisor, and an affiliate of our advisor serves as the U.S. asset manager for Prime US REIT, a Singapore real estate investment trust. These other programs and investors rely on many of the same real estate professionals as we do, including Mr. Schreiber. As a result of their obligations to these other KBS-sponsored programs and/or KBS-advised investors, Mr. Schreiber, our officers and our advisor s other real estate professionals face conflicts of interest in allocating their time among us, KBS REIT III, KBS Growth Income REIT, Prime US REIT, other KBS-advised investors and our advisor, as well as other business activities in which they are involved. 

Risks Related to an Investment in Us 
 Because no public trading market for our shares currently exists and because we have terminated our share redemption program, our stockholders primary source of liquidity is the completion of our Plan of Liquidation. 
 There is no public market for our shares and our stockholders may not sell their shares unless the buyer meets the applicable suitability and minimum purchase standards. Any sale must comply with applicable state and federal securities laws. Our charter prohibits the ownership of more than 9.8 of our stock by any person, unless exempted by our board of directors, which may inhibit large investors from purchasing our shares. 
 On May 15, 2014, our board of directors amended and restated our share redemption program to provide only for redemptions sought in connection with a stockholder s death, qualifying disability or determination of incompetence (each as defined in the share redemption program and, together with redemptions sought in connection with a stockholder s death, Special Redemptions ). On November 1, 2021, in connection with our liquidation pursuant to the Plan of Liquidation, our board of directors approved the termination of our share redemption program effective as of November 22, 2021. 
 As such, our stockholders primary source of liquidity is the completion of our Plan of Liquidation. 
 Elevated market volatility due to adverse economic and geopolitical conditions (such as the war in Ukraine), health crises (such as the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic) or dislocations in the credit markets, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to complete our Plan of Liquidation and pay liquidating distributions. 
 Our business and the completion of our Plan of Liquidation may be adversely affected by market and economic volatility experienced by the U.S. and global economies. Such adverse economic and geopolitical conditions may be due to, among other issues, increased labor market challenges impacting the recruitment and retention of employees, rising inflation and interest rates, volatility in the public equity and debt markets, and international economic and other conditions, including pandemics (such as the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic), geopolitical instability (such as the war in Ukraine), sanctions and other conditions beyond our control. These current conditions may adversely affect the completion of our Plan of Liquidation and amount of liquidating distributions we pay to our stockholders. For example, the value and liquidity of our short-term investments and cash deposits could be reduced as a result of a deterioration of the financial condition of the institutions that hold our cash deposits or the institutions or assets in which we have made short-term investments, a dislocation of the markets for our short-term investments, increased volatility in market rates for such investments or other factors. 
 Most recently, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the FDIC as receiver. The Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC issued a joint statement on March 12, 2023 that all depositors of SVB would have access to all of their money after only one business day of closure, including funds held in uninsured deposit accounts. Although we do not have direct exposure to SVB, if a depository institution in which we deposit funds is adversely impacted from conditions in the financial or credit markets or otherwise, it could impact access to our cash or cash equivalents and could adversely impact our financial condition. Our cash and cash equivalents balance exceeds federally insurable limits as of December 31, 2022. In addition, if any parties with whom we conduct business are unable to access funds pursuant to such instruments or lending arrangements with such a financial institution, such parties may not be able to pay their financial obligations to us or close or complete commercial transactions with us. 
 The completion of the Plan of Liquidation may be further impacted by disruptions in the financial markets and continued economic uncertainty, and this may have a material effect on the ultimate amount and timing of liquidating distributions received by stockholders. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Because we depend upon our advisor and its affiliates to conduct our operations, any adverse changes in the financial health of our advisor or its affiliates or our relationship with them could hinder our performance and reduce the return on our stockholders investment. 
 We depend on our advisor to manage our operations and to implement the Plan of Liquidation. Our advisor depends upon the fees and other compensation that it receives from us, KBS REIT III and KBS Growth Income REIT and any future KBS-sponsored programs that it advises in connection with the purchase, management and sale of assets to conduct its operations. Any adverse changes to our relationship with, or the financial condition of, our advisor and its affiliates could hinder their ability to successfully manage our operations and implement the Plan of Liquidation. 
 As a result of our disposition activity in connection with our liquidation, our general and administrative expenses as a percentage of our cash flow from operations has increased and we will continue to incur general and administrative expenses until we have liquidated and dissolved. 
 As a result of our dispositions in connection with our liquidation, our cash flow from operations has decreased. Our general and administrative expenses are not directly related to our total assets and thus will not decrease proportionately. As a result, our general and administrative expenses as a percentage of cash flow from operations has increased and we will continue to incur general and administrative expenses until we have liquidated and dissolved. 
 The loss of or the inability to retain or obtain key professionals at our advisor could delay or hinder implementation of the Plan of Liquidation, which could reduce the amount of liquidating distributions our stockholders receive and their overall return on investment. 
 Our success depends to a significant degree upon the contributions of Charles J. Schreiber, Jr. and the team of professionals at our advisor. Neither we nor our advisor nor its affiliates have employment agreements with these individuals and they may not remain associated with us, our advisor or its affiliates. If any of these persons were to cease their association with us, our advisor or its affiliates, we may be unable to find suitable replacements and the implementation of the Plan of Liquidation could suffer as a result, reducing the amount of liquidating distributions our stockholders receive and their overall return on investment. We do not maintain key person life insurance on any person. 
 Our stockholders may be adversely affected by the Indemnification Amendment. 
 Although we believe that the changes contained in one of the amendments to our charter approved by our stockholders on April 3, 2020 (the Indemnification Amendment will improve our ability to retain and attract qualified directors and officers and will further incentivize our advisor to continue to provide services to us under the advisory agreement throughout the liquidation process, the Indemnification Amendment does increase the risk that we and our stockholders will not be able to recover monetary damages from our directors if they fail to meet the statutory standard of conduct or from our officers if they fail to satisfy their duties under Maryland law. The Indemnification Amendment provides for (i) the expansion of our exculpation and indemnification of our present and former directors and officers to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law; (ii) the expansion of our obligation to advance defense expenses to a present or former director or officer to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law; and (iii) the elimination of conditions and limits on our ability to exculpate and indemnify our advisor and its affiliates or advance defense expenses to our advisor and its affiliates. The reduced ability to recover from our present and former directors and officers and our advisor and its affiliates and the increased right to indemnification is true not only for their future acts or omissions but also for acts or omissions that occurred prior to the date of the amendment to our charter reflected in the Indemnification Amendment. The Indemnification Amendment also increases the risk that we will incur significant defense costs that would otherwise have to be borne by our present and former directors or officers or our advisor or its affiliates. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 We face risks associated with security breaches through cyber-attacks, cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology (IT) networks and related systems. 
 We face risks associated with security breaches, whether through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusions over the Internet, malware, computer viruses, attachments to e-mails, persons inside our organization or persons with access to systems inside our organization, and other significant disruptions of our IT networks and related systems. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. Our IT networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations. Although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of IT networks and related systems, and we have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. Even the most well protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted security breaches evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not to be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. 
 A security breach or other significant disruption involving our IT networks and related systems could: 
 disrupt the proper functioning of our networks and systems and therefore our operations; 
 result in misstated financial reports and/or missed reporting deadlines; 
 result in our inability to properly monitor our compliance with the rules and regulations; 
 result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of, proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours or others, which others could use to compete against us or which could expose us to damage claims by third-parties for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes and outcomes; 
 require significant management attention and resources to remedy any damages that result; 
 subject us to claims for breach of contract, damages, credits, penalties or termination of leases or other agreements; or 
 damage our reputation among our stockholders. 
 Any or all of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our ability to successfully implement the Plan of Liquidation and could reduce the amount and timing of liquidating distributions our stockholders receive. 
 Our bylaws designate the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland shall be the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders with respect to our company, our directors, our officers or our employees (we note we currently have no employees). This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that the stockholder believes is favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees, which may discourage meritorious claims from being asserted against us and our directors, officers and employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our bylaws inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our implementation of the Plan of Liquidation. We adopted this provision because we believe it makes it less likely that we will be forced to incur the expense of defending duplicative actions in multiple forums and less likely that plaintiffs attorneys will be able to employ such litigation to coerce us into otherwise unjustified settlements, and we believe the risk of a court declining to enforce this provision is remote, as the General Assembly of Maryland has specifically amended the Maryland General Corporation Law to authorize the adoption of such provisions. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Conflicts of Interest 
 Our advisor and its affiliates, including all of our executive officers, our affiliated director and other key professionals, face conflicts of interest caused by their compensation arrangements with us and with other KBS-sponsored programs and KBS-advised investors, which could result in actions that are not in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 All of our executive officers, our affiliated director and other key professionals are also officers, directors, managers, key professionals and/or holders of a direct or indirect controlling interest in our advisor, the entity that acted as our dealer manager, and/or other KBS-affiliated entities. Our advisor and its affiliates receive substantial fees from us and other KBS-sponsored programs and KBS-advised investors. These fees could influence our advisor s advice to us as well as the judgment of its affiliates. 
 Our sponsor, our officers, our advisor and the real estate, management and accounting professionals assembled by our advisor face competing demands on their time and this may cause our operations to suffer and delay the implementation of the Plan of Liquidation. 
 We rely on our sponsor, our officers, our advisor and the real estate, management and accounting professionals that our advisor retains, including Messrs. Schreiber and Jeffrey K. Waldvogel and Ms. Stacie K. Yamane, to provide services to us for the day-to-day operation of our business. KBS REIT III and KBS Growth Income REIT are also advised by KBS Capital Advisors, and KBS Capital Advisors may serve as the advisor to future KBS-sponsored programs and KBS-advised investors. Further, our officers and directors are also officers and/or the affiliated director of other public KBS-sponsored programs. Messrs. Schreiber and Waldvogel and Ms. Yamane are also executive officers of KBS REIT III and KBS Growth Income REIT. Messrs. Schreiber and Waldvogel and Ms. Yamane are executive officers of KBS Realty Advisors LLC KBS Realty Advisors and its affiliates, the advisors of the private KBS-sponsored programs and the KBS-advised investors and the U.S. asset manager for Prime US REIT. 
 As a result of their interests in other KBS-sponsored programs, their obligations to KBS-advised investors and the fact that they engage in and will continue to engage in other business activities on behalf of themselves and others, Messrs. Schreiber and Waldvogel and Ms. Yamane face conflicts of interest in allocating their time among us, KBS REIT III, KBS Growth Income REIT, KBS Capital Advisors, KBS Realty Advisors, other KBS-sponsored programs and/or other KBS-advised investors, as well as other business activities in which they are involved. In addition, KBS Capital Advisors and KBS Realty Advisors and their affiliates share many of the same key real estate, management and accounting professionals. During times of intense activity in other programs and ventures, these individuals may devote less time and fewer resources to our business than are necessary or appropriate to manage our business. Furthermore, some or all of these individuals may become employees of another KBS sponsored program in an internalization transaction. If these events occur, the amount of liquidating distributions our stockholders receive and their overall return on investment may decline. See Risks Related to the Plan of Liquidation. 
 All of our executive officers, our affiliated director and the key professionals assembled by our advisor face conflicts of interest related to their positions and/or interests in our advisor and its affiliates, which could hinder our ability to implement our business strategy and the Plan of Liquidation. 
 All of our executive officers, our affiliated director and the key professionals assembled by our advisor are also executive officers, directors, managers, key professionals and/or holders of a direct or indirect controlling interest in our advisor and/or other KBS-affiliated entities. Through KBS-affiliated entities, some of these persons also serve as the investment advisors to KBS-advised investors and, through KBS Capital Advisors and KBS Realty Advisors, these persons serve as the advisor to KBS REIT III, KBS Growth Income REIT and other KBS-sponsored programs. In addition, KBS Realty Advisors serves as the U.S. asset manager for Prime US REIT. As a result, they owe fiduciary duties to each of these entities, their stockholders, members and limited partners and these investors, which fiduciary duties may from time to time conflict with the fiduciary duties that they owe to us and our stockholders. Their loyalties to these other entities and investors could result in action or inaction that is detrimental to our business, which could harm the implementation of our business strategy and the Plan of Liquidation. Further, Mr. Schreiber and existing and future KBS-sponsored programs and KBS-advised investors generally are not and will not be prohibited from engaging, directly or indirectly, in any business or from possessing interests in any other business venture or ventures, including businesses and ventures involved in the acquisition, development, ownership, leasing or sale of real estate investments. If we do not successfully implement our business strategy and the Plan of Liquidation, the amount of liquidating distributions our stockholders receive and their overall return on investment may be reduced. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Our board of directors loyalties to KBS REIT III and KBS Growth Income REIT could influence its judgment, resulting in actions that may not be in our stockholders best interest or that result in a disproportionate benefit to another KBS-sponsored program at our expense. 
 All of our directors are also directors of KBS REIT III and our affiliated director is also an affiliated director of KBS Growth Income REIT. The loyalties of our directors serving on the boards of directors of KBS REIT III and KBS Growth Income REIT, or possibly on the boards of directors of future KBS-sponsored programs, may influence the judgment of our board of directors when considering issues for us that also may affect other KBS-sponsored and advised programs. 

Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure 
 Our stockholders will have limited control over changes in our policies and operations and the implementation of the Plan of Liquidation, which increases the uncertainty and risks our stockholders face. 
 Our board of directors determines our major policies, including our policies regarding REIT qualification, distributions and liquidation pursuant to the Plan of Liquidation. Our board of directors may generally amend or revise these and other policies without a vote of the stockholders. Under Maryland General Corporation Law and our charter, our stockholders have a right to vote only on limited matters. Prior to the acceptance for record of the Articles of Dissolution by the SDAT, the board of directors may terminate the Plan of Liquidation for any reason, subject to and contingent upon the approval of such termination by our stockholders. Notwithstanding approval of the Plan of Liquidation by our stockholders, the board of directors may make certain modifications or amendments to the Plan of Liquidation without further action by or approval of our stockholders to the extent permitted under law. Although the board of directors has no present intention to pursue any alternative to the Plan of Liquidation, the board of directors may conclude that terminating the Plan of Liquidation is in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. If the board of directors elects to pursue any alternative to the Plan of Liquidation, our stockholders would have to approve the termination of the Plan of Liquidation and may not receive the consideration currently estimated to be available for distribution to our stockholders pursuant to the Plan of Liquidation. Our board s broad discretion in setting policies and our stockholders inability to exert control over those policies increases the uncertainty and risks our stockholders face. 
 Payment of fees to KBS Capital Advisors and its affiliates reduces the amount of liquidating distributions our stockholders will receive and their overall return on investment. 
 KBS Capital Advisors and its affiliates performed services for us in connection with the selection and acquisition or origination, management, leasing and disposition of our investments, and continue to perform services for us in connection with the implementation of the Plan of Liquidation. We pay them substantial fees for these services, which results in immediate dilution of the value of our stockholders investment in us. 
 Disposition fees and asset management fees reduce the amount of liquidating distributions our stockholders will receive and their overall return on investment. For information relating to fees to our affiliates in connection with the implementation of the Plan of Liquidation, see Risks Related to the Plan of Liquidation. 
 Costs imposed pursuant to laws and governmental regulations may reduce the amount of liquidating distributions our stockholders receive. 
 Real property and the operations conducted on real property are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to protection of the environment and human health. We could be subject to liability in the form of fines, penalties or damages for noncompliance with these laws and regulations. These laws and regulations generally govern wastewater discharges, air emissions, the operation and removal of underground and above-ground storage tanks, the use, storage, treatment, transportation and disposal of solid and hazardous materials, the remediation of contamination associated with the release or disposal of solid and hazardous materials, the presence of toxic building materials and other health and safety-related concerns. 
 Some of these laws and regulations may impose joint and several liability on the tenants, owners or operators of real property for the costs to investigate or remediate contaminated properties, regardless of fault, whether the contamination occurred prior to purchase, or whether the acts causing the contamination were legal. Any material expenditures, fines, penalties or damages we must pay will reduce the amount of liquidating distributions our stockholders receive. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 The costs of defending against claims of environmental liability, of complying with environmental regulatory requirements, of remediating any contaminated property, or of paying personal injury or other damage claims could reduce the amount of liquidating distributions our stockholders receive. 
 Under various federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous real property owner or operator may be liable for the cost of removing or remediating hazardous or toxic substances on, under or in such property. These costs could be substantial. Such laws often impose liability whether or not the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. Environmental laws provide for sanctions for noncompliance and may be enforced by governmental agencies or, in certain circumstances, by private parties. Certain environmental laws and common law principles could be used to impose liability for the release of and exposure to hazardous substances, including asbestos-containing materials and lead-based paint. Third parties may seek recovery from real property owners or operators for personal injury or property damage associated with exposure to released hazardous substances and governments may seek recovery for natural resource damage. The costs of defending against claims of environmental liability, of complying with environmental regulatory requirements, of remediating any contaminated property, or of paying personal injury, property damage or natural resource damage claims could reduce the amount of liquidating distributions our stockholders receive. All of our properties were subject to Phase I environmental assessments prior to the time they were acquired. 

Federal Income Tax Risks 
 In addition to the following risk factors, please see Risks Related to the Plan of Liquidation for information relating to tax risks associated with the Plan of Liquidation. 
 Failure to qualify as a REIT would reduce our net earnings available for distribution. 
 Our qualification as a REIT will depend upon our ability to meet requirements regarding our organization and ownership, distributions of our income, the nature and diversification of our income and assets and other tests imposed by the Internal Revenue Code. If we fail to qualify as a REIT for any taxable year after electing REIT status, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at corporate rates. In addition, we would generally be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year in which we lost our REIT status. Losing our REIT status would reduce our net earnings available for distribution to stockholders because of the additional tax liability. In addition, distributions to stockholders would no longer qualify for the dividends-paid deduction and we would no longer be required to pay distributions. If this occurs, we might be required to borrow funds or liquidate some investments in order to pay the applicable tax. 
 Failure to qualify as a REIT would subject us to U.S. federal income tax, which would reduce the cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 We believe that we have operated and will continue to operate in a manner that will allow us to continue to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, commencing with our initial taxable year ended December 31, 2008. However, the U.S. federal income tax laws governing REITs are extremely complex, and interpretations of the U.S. federal income tax laws governing qualification as a REIT are limited. Qualifying as a REIT requires us to meet various tests regarding the nature of our assets and our income, the ownership of our outstanding stock, and the amount of our distributions on an ongoing basis. Accordingly, we cannot be certain that we will be successful in operating so we can remain qualified as a REIT. While we intend to continue to operate so that we will qualify as a REIT, given the highly complex nature of the rules governing REITs, the ongoing importance of factual determinations, and the possibility of future changes in our circumstances, no assurance can be given that we will so qualify for any particular year. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any calendar year and we do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, we would be required to pay U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income. We might need to borrow money or sell assets to pay that tax. Our payment of income tax would decrease the amount of our income available for distribution to our stockholders. Furthermore, if we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT and we do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, we no longer would be required to distribute substantially all of our REIT taxable income to our stockholders. Unless our failure to qualify as a REIT were excused under federal tax laws, we would be disqualified from taxation as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Even if we qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may be subject to federal, state, local or other tax liabilities that reduce our cash flow and our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 Even if we qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may be subject to some federal, state and local taxes on our income or property. For example: 
 In order to qualify as a REIT, we must distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income to our stockholders (which is determined without regard to the dividends-paid deduction or net capital gain). To the extent that we satisfy the distribution requirement but distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income, we will be subject to federal corporate income tax on the undistributed income. 
 We will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions we pay in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85 of our ordinary income, 95 of our capital gain net income and 100 of our undistributed income from prior years. 
 If we elect to treat property that we acquire in connection with certain leasehold terminations as foreclosure property, we may avoid the 100 tax on the gain from a resale of that property, but the income from the sale or operation of that property may be subject to corporate income tax at the highest applicable rate. 
 If we sell an asset, other than foreclosure property, that we hold primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business, our gain would be subject to the 100 prohibited transaction tax unless such sale were made by one of our taxable REIT subsidiaries or the sale met certain safe harbor requirements under the Internal Revenue Code. 
 REIT distribution requirements could adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan. 
 We generally must distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, subject to certain adjustments and excluding any net capital gain, in order for federal corporate income tax not to apply to earnings that we distribute. To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement, but distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income, we will be subject to federal corporate income tax on our undistributed REIT taxable income. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we pay out to our stockholders in a calendar year is less than a minimum amount specified under federal tax laws. We also may decide to retain net capital gain we earn from the sale or other disposition of our property and pay U.S. federal income tax directly on such income. In that event, our stockholders would be treated as if they earned that income and paid the tax on it directly. However, stockholders that are tax-exempt, such as charities or qualified pension plans, would have no benefit from their deemed payment of such tax liability unless they file U.S. federal income tax returns and thereon seek a refund of such tax. We also will be subject to corporate tax on any undistributed REIT taxable income. We intend to pay distributions to our stockholders to comply with the REIT requirements of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 From time to time, we may generate taxable income greater than our income for financial reporting purposes, or our taxable income may be greater than our cash flow available for distribution to stockholders (for example, where a borrower defers the payment of interest in cash pursuant to a contractual right or otherwise). If we do not have other funds available in these situations we could be required to borrow funds, sell investments at disadvantageous prices or find another alternative source of funds to pay distributions sufficient to enable us to pay out enough of our taxable income to satisfy the REIT distribution requirements and to avoid corporate income tax and the 4 excise tax in a particular year. These alternatives could increase our costs or reduce our equity. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to operate solely on the basis of maximizing profits. 
 If our operating partnership fails to maintain its status as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, its income would be subject to taxation and our REIT status could be terminated. 
 We intend to maintain the status of our operating partnership as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, if the IRS were to successfully challenge the status of our operating partnership as a partnership, it would be taxable as a corporation. In such event, this would reduce the amount of distributions that our operating partnership could make to us. This could also result in our losing REIT status and becoming subject to a corporate level tax on our own income. This would substantially reduce our cash available to pay distributions and the return on your investment. In addition, if any of the entities through which our operating partnership owns its properties, in whole or in part, loses its characterization as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the underlying entity would become subject to taxation as a corporation, thereby reducing distributions to our operating partnership and jeopardizing our ability to maintain REIT status. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Potential characterization of distributions or gain on sale may be treated as unrelated business taxable income to tax-exempt investors. 
 If (i) all or a portion of our assets are subject to the rules relating to taxable mortgage pools, (ii) we are a pension-held REIT, or (iii) a tax-exempt stockholder has incurred debt to purchase or hold our common stock, then a portion of the distributions to and, in the case of a stockholder described in clause (iii), gains realized on the sale of common stock by such tax-exempt stockholder may be subject to U.S. federal income tax as unrelated business taxable income under the Internal Revenue Code. 
 The tax on prohibited transactions will limit our ability to engage in transactions that would be treated as sales for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 A REIT s net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100 tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of assets, other than foreclosure property, deemed held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. Whether property is held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business depends on the specific facts and circumstances. No assurance can be given that any particular property (including loans) in which we hold a direct or indirect interest will not be treated as property held for sale to customers. 
 The ability of our board of directors to revoke our REIT qualification without stockholder approval may subject us to U.S. federal income tax and reduce the amount of liquidating distributions our stockholders receive and their overall return on investment. 
 Our charter authorizes that our board of directors to revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without the approval of our stockholders, if it determines that it is no longer in our best interest to continue to qualify as a REIT. While we believe we have qualified and intend to continue to qualify to be taxed as a REIT, we may terminate our REIT election if we determine that qualifying as a REIT is no longer in our best interests. If we cease to be a REIT, we would become subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income, which may have adverse consequences on the amount of liquidating distributions our stockholders receive. 
 Generally, ordinary dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates. 
 In general, the maximum tax rate for qualified dividends payable to domestic stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates is 20 . Ordinary dividends payable by REITs, however, are generally not eligible for this reduced rate. While this tax treatment does not adversely affect the taxation of REITs or dividends paid by REITs, the more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate dividends could cause investors who are individuals, trusts or estates to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in stock of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the stock of REITs, including our common stock. However, under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Pub. L. No. 115-97, commencing with taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 2018 and continuing through 2025, individual taxpayers may be entitled to claim a deduction in determining their taxable income of 20 of ordinary REIT dividends (dividends other than capital gain dividends and dividends attributable to certain qualified dividend income received by us), which temporarily reduces the effective tax rate on such dividends. The deduction, if allowed in full, equates to a maximum effective U.S. federal income tax rate on ordinary REIT dividends of 29.6 . Without further legislation, this deduction would sunset after 2025. Our stockholders are urged to consult with their tax advisor regarding the effect of this change on their effective tax rate with respect to REIT dividends. 
 Qualifying as a REIT involves highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Internal Revenue Code provisions for which only limited judicial and administrative authorities exist. Even a technical or inadvertent violation could jeopardize our REIT qualification. Our continued qualification as a REIT will depend on our satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, stockholder ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis. In addition, our ability to satisfy the requirements to qualify as a REIT depends in part on the actions of third parties over which we have no control or only limited influence, including in cases where we own an equity interest in an entity that is classified as a partnership or REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 The taxation of distributions to our stockholders can be complex. 
 Distributions that we make to our taxable stockholders to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits (and not designated as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income) generally will be taxable as ordinary income. However, a portion of our distributions may (i) be designated by us as capital gain dividends generally taxable as long-term capital gain to the extent that they are attributable to net capital gain recognized by us, (ii) be designated by us as qualified dividend income generally to the extent they are attributable to dividends we receive from non-REIT corporations, if any, or (iii) constitute a return of capital generally to the extent that they exceed our current and accumulated earnings and profits as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A return of capital distribution is not taxable, but has the effect of reducing the basis of a stockholder s investment in our common stock. 
 Non-U.S. stockholders will be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax and may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on distributions received from us and upon the disposition of our shares. 
 Subject to certain exceptions, distributions received from us will be treated as dividends of ordinary income to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits. Such dividends ordinarily will be subject to U.S. withholding tax at a 30 rate, or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty, unless the distributions are treated as effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. stockholder of a U.S. trade or business. Pursuant to the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act of 1980, or FIRPTA, capital gain distributions attributable to sales or exchanges of U.S. real property interests, or USRPIs, generally (subject to certain exceptions for qualified foreign pension funds , entities all of the interests of which are held by qualified foreign pension funds and certain qualified shareholders will be taxed to a non-U.S. stockholder as if such gain were effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business unless FIRPTA provides an exemption. However, a capital gain dividend will not be treated as effectively connected income if (i) the distribution is received with respect to a class of stock that is regularly traded on an established securities market located in the United States and (ii) the non-U.S. stockholder does not own more than 10 of the class of our stock at any time during the one-year period ending on the date the distribution is received. We do not anticipate that our shares will be regularly traded on an established securities market for the foreseeable future, and therefore, this exception is not expected to apply. 
 Gain recognized by a non-U.S. stockholder upon the sale or exchange of our common stock generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxation unless such stock constitutes a USRPI under FIRPTA (subject to specific FIRPTA exemptions for certain non-U.S. stockholders). Our common stock will not constitute a USRPI so long as we are a domestically-controlled qualified investment entity. A domestically-controlled qualified investment entity includes a REIT if at all times during a specified testing period, less than 50 in value of such REIT s stock is held directly or indirectly by non-U.S. stockholders. No assurance can be given, however, that we are or will be a domestically-controlled REIT. 
 Even if we do not qualify as a domestically-controlled qualified investment entity at the time a non-U.S. stockholder sells or exchanges our common stock, gain arising from such a sale or exchange would not be subject to U.S. taxation under FIRPTA as a sale of a USRPI if: (a) our common stock is regularly traded, as defined by applicable Treasury Regulations, on an established securities market, and (b) such non-U.S. stockholder owned, actually and constructively, 10 or less of our common stock at any time during the five-year period ending on the date of the sale. However, it is not anticipated that our common stock will be regularly traded on an established market. We encourage our stockholders to consult their tax advisor to determine the tax consequences applicable to our stockholders if they are a non-U.S. stockholder. 
 We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes. 
 At any time, the U.S. federal income tax laws or regulations governing REITs or the administrative interpretations of those laws or regulations may be amended. We cannot predict when or if any new U.S. federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation, or any amendment to any existing U.S. federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation, will be adopted, promulgated or become effective and any such law, regulation or interpretation may take effect retroactively. We and our stockholders could be adversely affected by any such change in, or any new, U.S. federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation. Our stockholders are urged to consult with their tax advisor with respect to the impact of the recent legislation on their investment in our shares and the status of legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our shares. Although REITs generally receive certain tax advantages compared to entities taxed as regular corporations, it is possible that future legislation would result in a REIT having fewer tax advantages, and it could become more advantageous for a company that invests in real estate to elect to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a corporation. As a result, our charter authorizes our board of directors to revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without the approval of our stockholders, if it determines that it is no longer in our best interests to qualify as a REIT. The impact of tax reform on an investment in our shares is uncertain. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or the IRA. The IRA includes numerous tax provisions that impact corporations, including the implementation of a corporate alternative minimum tax as well as a 1 excise tax on certain stock repurchases and economically similar transactions. However, REITs are excluded from the definition of an applicable corporation and therefore are not subject to the corporate alternative minimum tax. Additionally, the 1 excise tax specifically does not apply to stock repurchases by REITs. We will continue to analyze and monitor the application of the IRA to our business; however, the effect of these changes on the value of our assets, shares of our common stock or market conditions generally, is uncertain. 

Retirement Plan Risks 
 If the fiduciary of an employee benefit plan subject to ERISA (such as a profit sharing, Section 401(k) or pension plan) or an owner of a retirement arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code (such as an individual retirement account IRA )) fails to meet the fiduciary and other standards under ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code as a result of an investment in our stock, the fiduciary could be subject to penalties and other sanctions. 
 There are special considerations that apply to employee benefit plans subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act ERISA (such as profit sharing, Section 401(k) or pension plans) and other retirement plans or accounts subject to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code (such as an IRA) or any entity whose assets include such assets that have invested in our shares. Fiduciaries, IRA owners and other benefit plan investors that have invested the assets of such a plan or account in our common stock should satisfy themselves that: 
 the investment is consistent with their fiduciary and other obligations under ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code; 
 the investment is made in accordance with the documents and instruments governing the plan or IRA, including the plan s or account s investment policy; 
 the investment satisfies the prudence and diversification requirements of Sections 404(a)(1)(B) and 404(a)(1)(C) of ERISA and other applicable provisions of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code; 
 the investment in our shares, for which no public market currently exists, is consistent with the liquidity needs of the plan or IRA; 
 the investment will not produce an unacceptable amount of unrelated business taxable income for the plan or IRA; 
 our stockholders will be able to comply with the requirements under ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code to value the assets of the plan or IRA annually; and 
 the investment will not constitute a prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 With respect to the annual valuation requirements described above, we will provide an estimated value per share for our common stock annually. We can make no claim whether such estimated value per share will or will not satisfy the applicable annual valuation requirements under ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code. The Department of Labor or the Internal Revenue Service may determine that a plan fiduciary or an IRA custodian is required to take further steps to determine the value of our common stock. In the absence of an appropriate determination of value, a plan fiduciary or an IRA custodian may be subject to damages, penalties or other sanctions. For information regarding our estimated value per share, see Part II, Item 5, Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities - Market Information of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Failure to satisfy the fiduciary standards of conduct and other applicable requirements of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code may result in the imposition of civil and criminal penalties and could subject the fiduciary to claims for damages or for equitable remedies, including liability for investment losses. In addition, if an investment in our shares constitutes a prohibited transaction under ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code, the fiduciary or IRA owner who authorized or directed the investment may be subject to the imposition of excise taxes with respect to the amount invested. In addition, the investment transaction must be undone. In the case of a prohibited transaction involving an IRA owner, the IRA may be disqualified as a tax-exempt account and all of the assets of the IRA may be deemed distributed and subjected to tax. ERISA plan fiduciaries and IRA owners should consult with counsel before making an investment in our common stock. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 If our assets are deemed to be plan assets, we and our advisor may be exposed to liabilities under Title I of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code. 
 In some circumstances where an ERISA plan holds an interest in an entity, the assets of the entity are deemed to be ERISA plan assets unless an exception applies. This is known as the look-through rule. Under those circumstances, the obligations and other responsibilities of plan sponsors, plan fiduciaries and plan administrators, and of parties in interest and disqualified persons, under Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code, may be applicable, and there may be liability under these and other provisions of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code. We believe that our assets should not be treated as plan assets because the shares should qualify as publicly-offered securities that are exempt from the look-through rules under applicable Treasury Regulations. We note, however, that because certain limitations are imposed upon the transferability of shares, and perhaps for other reasons, it is possible that this exemption may not apply. If that is the case, and if we or our advisor are exposed to liability under ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code, our performance and results of operations could be adversely affected. Stockholders should consult with their legal and other advisors concerning the impact of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code on their investment and our performance. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 We have no unresolved staff comments. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned one office property located in Los Angeles, California, encompassing in the aggregate 701,888 rentable square feet Union Bank Plaza ). The liquidation value of this property was 93.5 million, net of deposits received as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, this property was approximately 57 occupied, the annualized base rent was 17.5 million and the average annualized base rent per square foot of our remaining real estate property was 43.96. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted-average remaining lease term of our remaining real estate property, excluding options to extend, was 7.1 years. 
 On March 30, 2023, we completed the sale of Union Bank Plaza for 104.0 million, before third-party closing costs of approximately 1.1 million, inclusive of 10.5 million of non-refundable deposits and excluding disposition fees payable to our advisor. See Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Subsequent Events. 
 See also Part I, Item 1, Business of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we are party to legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Management is not aware of any legal proceedings of which the outcome is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Nor are we aware of any such legal proceedings contemplated by government authorities. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Stockholder Information 
 As of April 3, 2023, we had approximately 183.3 million shares of common stock outstanding held by a total of approximately 45,000 stockholders. The number of stockholders is based on the records of DST Systems, Inc., which serves as our transfer agent. 
 Market Information 
 No public market currently exists for our shares of common stock. In addition, our stockholders may not sell their shares unless the buyer meets the applicable suitability and minimum purchase requirements. Any sale must comply with applicable state and federal securities laws, and our charter prohibits the ownership of more than 9.8 of our stock by a single person, unless exempted by our board of directors. Consequently, there is the risk that our stockholders may not be able to sell their shares at a time or price acceptable to them. As such, our stockholders primary source of liquidity is the completion of our Plan of Liquidation. 
 Our stockholders approved the Plan of Liquidation on March 5, 2020. We anticipate to distribute substantially all of the remaining proceeds from liquidation in the second quarter of 2023, though we can provide no assurance in this regard. 
 April 2023 Estimated Liquidation Value Per Share 
 On April 4, 2023, our board of directors approved an updated estimated liquidation value per share of our common stock of 0.73, which is equal to our net assets in liquidation, divided by the number of shares outstanding, all as of December 31, 2022, and as disclosed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the April 2023 Estimated Liquidation Value Per Share ). We adopted the liquidation basis of accounting as of and for the periods subsequent to February 1, 2020. Net assets in liquidation represents the remaining estimated liquidation value available to stockholders upon liquidation. For a description of our accounting policies and the methodologies, limitations and assumptions used in the determination of the April 2023 Estimated Liquidation Value Per Share, see the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We are providing the April 2023 Estimated Liquidation Value Per Share to assist broker-dealers that participated in our now-terminated initial public offering in meeting their customer account statement reporting obligations under the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority Rule 2231. 
 The April 2023 Estimated Liquidation Value Per Share will first appear on the April 2023 customer account statements that will be mailed in May 2023. 
 Limitations of the April 2023 Estimated Liquidation Value Per Share 
 As with any valuation methodology, the methodologies used are based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that may not be accurate or complete. Different parties with different assumptions and estimates could derive a different estimated liquidation value per share, and this difference could be significant. The April 2023 Estimated Liquidation Value Per Share does not represent the fair value of our assets less the fair value of our liabilities according to GAAP. Moreover, we did not obtain an updated appraisal in connection with the determination of the April 2023 Estimated Liquidation Value Per Share, and the determination was based solely on the factors discussed above. 
 The completion of the Plan of Liquidation and the amount of any additional liquidating distributions that we pay to our stockholders and when we will pay them are subject to risks and uncertainties and are based on certain estimates and assumptions, one or more of which may prove to be incorrect. There are many factors that may affect the amount of liquidating distributions we will ultimately pay to our stockholders. If we underestimated our existing obligations and liabilities or the amount of taxes, transaction fees and expenses relating to the liquidation and dissolution, or if unanticipated or contingent liabilities arise, the amount of liquidating distributions ultimately paid to our stockholders could be less than estimated. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 No assurance can be given that any additional liquidating distributions we pay to our stockholders will equal or exceed the April 2023 Estimated Liquidation Value Per Share. Accordingly, with respect to the April 2023 Estimated Liquidation Value Per Share, we can give no assurance: 
 of the amount or timing of liquidating distributions we will ultimately be able to pay our stockholders; 
 that a stockholder would be able to resell his or her shares at the April 2023 Estimated Liquidation Value Per Share; 
 that an independent third-party appraiser or third-party valuation firm would agree with the April 2023 Estimated Liquidation Value Per Share; or 
 that the methodology used to determine the April 2023 Estimated Liquidation Value Per Share would be acceptable to FINRA or for compliance with ERISA reporting requirements. 
 Historical Estimated Values per Share 
 The historical reported estimated values per share of our common stock approved by our board of directors are set forth below: 
 Estimated Value per Share 
 Effective Date of Valuation 
 Filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
 0.93 August 11, 2022 Part II, Item 5 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 12, 2022 0.98 May 9, 2022 Part II, Item 5 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 11, 2022 1.12 March 28, 2022 Part II, Item 5 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended December 31, 2021, filed March 31, 2022 1.24 December 14, 2021 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 17, 2021 1.57 October 5, 2021 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 30, 2021 2.07 March 11, 2021 Part II, Item 5 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended December 31, 2020, filed March 12, 2021 2.01 December 30, 2020 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 28, 2020 2.41 August 7, 2020 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 3, 2020 2.66 June 9, 2020 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 16, 2020 2.87 March 5, 2020 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 6, 2020 3.79 November 13, 2019 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 15, 2019 4.50 (1) 
 June 17, 2019 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 14, 2019 4.95 December 3, 2018 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 7, 2018 4.89 December 8, 2017 
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 11, 2017 
 5.49 December 14, 2016 
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 15, 2016 
 5.62 December 8, 2015 
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 9, 2015 
 5.86 December 4, 2014 
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 4, 2014 
 6.05 (2) 
 September 22, 2014 
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 23, 2014 
 10.29 December 18, 2013 
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 19, 2013 
 10.29 December 18, 2012 
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 19, 2012 
 10.11 December 19, 2011 
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 21, 2011 
 
 _____________________ 
 (1) The estimated value per share of 4.50 resulted from the payment of a special distribution of 0.45 per share of common stock to stockholders of record as of June 17, 2019. Our board of directors declared a special distribution in the amount of 0.45 per share on the outstanding shares of our common stock on June 12, 2019 to all stockholders of record as of the close of business on June 17, 2019. This special distributions was paid on June 21, 2019 and was funded from our net proceeds from the disposition of two real estate properties in May 2019. The June 17, 2019 estimated value per share was based solely on the December 3, 2018 estimated value per share reduced for the impact of the special distribution. 
 (2) The estimated value per share of 6.05 resulted, in part, from the payment of a special distribution of 4.50 per share of common stock to stockholders of record as of September 15, 2014. Excluding the impact of the special distribution, our estimated value per share of common stock would have been 10.55 as of September 22, 2014. Our board of directors declared special distributions in the amount of 3.75, 0.30 and 0.45 per share on the outstanding shares of our common stock on July 8, 2014, August 5, 2014 and August 29, 2014, respectively, for an aggregate amount of 4.50 per share of common stock, to all stockholders of record as of the close of business on September 15, 2014. These special distributions were paid on September 23, 2014 and were funded from our proceeds from the disposition of nine real estate properties between May 2014 and August 2014 as well as cash on hand resulting primarily from the repayment or sale of five real estate loans receivable during 2013 and 2014. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Distribution Information 
 We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code and intend to operate in such a manner. To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we must meet certain organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement to distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (computed without regard to the dividends-paid deduction or net capital gain and which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP). Our board of directors may authorize distributions in excess of those required for us to maintain REIT status depending on our financial condition and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. 
 In accordance with the Plan of Liquidation, our objectives are to pursue an orderly liquidation of our company by selling all of our assets, paying our debts and our known liabilities, providing for the payment of unknown or contingent liabilities, distributing the net proceeds from liquidation to our stockholders and winding up our operations and dissolving our company. Pursuant to the Plan of Liquidation, from March 5, 2020 through December 31, 2022, our board of directors authorized five liquidating distributions: 
 On March 5, 2020, our board of directors authorized an initial liquidating distribution in the amount of 0.75 per share of common stock to stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 5, 2020 (the Initial Liquidating Distribution ). This Initial Liquidating Distribution was paid on March 10, 2020 and was funded from proceeds from the sale of the Campus Drive Buildings. 
 On July 31, 2020, our board of directors authorized a second liquidating distribution in the amount of 0.25 per share of common stock to stockholders of record as of the close of business on August 3, 2020 (the Second Liquidating Distribution ). This Second Liquidating Distribution was paid on August 7, 2020 and was funded from proceeds from the sale of two office buildings in Corporate Technology Centre - 100 Headquarters and 200 Holger. 
 On December 24, 2020, our board of directors authorized a third liquidating distribution in the amount of 0.40 per share of common stock to stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 24, 2020 (the Third Liquidating Distribution ). This Third Liquidating Distribution was paid on December 30, 2020 and was funded from proceeds from the sale of two office buildings in Corporate Technology Centre - 250 Holger and 350 Holger. 
 On September 29, 2021, our board of directors authorized a fourth liquidating distribution in the amount of 0.50 per share of common stock to stockholders of record as of the close of business on October 1, 2021 (the Fourth Liquidating Distribution ). This Fourth Liquidating Distribution was paid on October 5, 2021 and was funded from proceeds from the sales of Fountainhead Plaza and Granite Tower. 
 On December 9, 2021, our board of directors authorized a fifth liquidating distribution in the amount of 0.20 per share of common stock to stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 9, 2021 (the Fifth Liquidating Distribution ). This Fifth Liquidating Distribution was paid on December 14, 2021 and was funded from proceeds from the sales of Willow Oaks Corporate Center and an office building in Corporate Technology Centre - 300 Holger. 
 We anticipate to distribute substantially all of the remaining proceeds from liquidation in the second quarter of 2023. Our expectations about the amount of any additional liquidating distributions that we will pay and when we will pay them are subject to risks and uncertainties and are based on many estimates and assumptions, one or more of which may prove to be incorrect. As a result, the actual amount of any additional liquidating distributions we pay to our stockholders may be less than we estimate and the liquidating distributions may be paid later than we predict. We do not expect to pay regular monthly distributions during the liquidation process. During the liquidating process, we intend to maintain adequate cash reserves for liquidity and other future capital needs. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we did not sell any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

22 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our accompanying consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. Also see Forward-Looking Statements and Summary Risk Factors preceding Part I and Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 Overview 
 We were formed on July 12, 2007 as a Maryland corporation that elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust REIT beginning with the taxable year ended December 31, 2008 and we intend to continue to operate in such a manner. We conduct our business primarily through our Operating Partnership, of which we are the sole general partner. Subject to certain restrictions and limitations, our business is managed by our advisor, KBS Capital Advisors LLC, pursuant to an advisory agreement. Our advisor owns 20,000 shares of our common stock. We have no paid employees. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned one office property, which we sold on March 30, 2023. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 183,346,918 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 
 On November 13, 2019, in connection with a review of potential strategic alternatives available to us, a special committee composed of all of our independent directors (the Special Committee and our board of directors unanimously approved the sale of all of our assets and our dissolution pursuant to the terms of the plan of complete liquidation and dissolution (the Plan of Liquidation ). The principal purpose of the Plan of Liquidation is to provide liquidity to our stockholders by selling our assets, paying our debts and distributing the net proceeds from liquidation to our stockholders. On March 5, 2020, our stockholders approved the Plan of Liquidation. The Plan of Liquidation is included as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Plan of Liquidation 
 In accordance with the Plan of Liquidation, our objectives are to pursue an orderly liquidation of our company by selling all of our assets, paying our debts and our known liabilities, providing for the payment of unknown or contingent liabilities, distributing the net proceeds from liquidation to our stockholders and winding up our operations and dissolving our company. 
 Pursuant to the Plan of Liquidation, our board of directors has authorized the following liquidating distributions: 
 Record Date Payment Date Liquidating Distribution Per Share March 5, 2020 March 10, 2020 0.75 August 3, 2020 August 7, 2020 0.25 December 24, 2020 December 30, 2020 0.40 October 1, 2021 October 5, 2021 0.50 December 9, 2021 December 14, 2021 0.20 

We completed the sale of our last remaining real estate property on March 30, 2023. See Subsequent Events. We anticipate to distribute substantially all of the remaining proceeds from liquidation in the second quarter of 2023. 
 Our completion of the Plan of Liquidation and the amount of any additional liquidating distributions that we will pay to our stockholders and when we will pay them are subject to risks and uncertainties and are based on certain estimates and assumptions, one or more of which may prove to be incorrect. As a result, the actual amount of any additional liquidating distributions we pay to stockholders may be less than we estimate and the liquidating distributions may be paid later than we predict. There are many factors that may affect the amount of liquidating distributions we will ultimately pay to our stockholders. If we underestimate our existing obligations and liabilities or the amount of taxes, transaction fees and expenses relating to the liquidation and dissolution, or if unanticipated or contingent liabilities arise, the amount of liquidating distributions ultimately paid to our stockholders could be less than estimated. We can give no assurance regarding the amount or timing of liquidating distributions to be received by our stockholders. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Real Estate and Real Estate Finance Markets 
 The combination of the continued economic slowdown, rapidly rising interest rates and significant inflation as well as a lack of lending activity in the debt markets have contributed to considerable weakness in the commercial real estate markets, including the demand for office space in downtown Los Angeles, where our last remaining property was located, which demand significantly declined as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, with employees continuing to work from home. During 2021 and 2022, the usage of our assets remained lower than pre-pandemic levels. In addition, we experienced a significant reduction in leasing interest and activity when compared to pre-pandemic levels. Our completion of the Plan of Liquidation has been delayed as a result of these factors. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we reduced the estimated liquidation value of our last remaining real estate property Union Bank Plaza by 82.6 million (after estimated closing costs and disposition fees) as the liquidation value was adjusted based on the contractual sales price less estimated closing credits as the property was under contract to sell as of December 31, 2022. With rising interest rates, prospective buyers were challenged to obtain favorable financing, which along with the lower demand for office space, impacted the projected cash flows of the property and the purchase price prospective buyers were willing to pay for the property. On March 30, 2023, we completed the sale of Union Bank Plaza for 104.0 million, before third-party closing costs of approximately 1.1 million and excluding disposition fees payable to our advisor. See Subsequent Events. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As described above under Overview Plan of Liquidation, on March 5, 2020, our stockholders approved the sale of all of our assets and our dissolution pursuant to the terms of the Plan of Liquidation. We expect to sell all of our assets, pay all of our known liabilities, provide for unknown liabilities and distribute the net proceeds from liquidation to our stockholders. Our principal demands for funds through the completion of our liquidation will be for: the payment of operating expenses and general and administrative expenses, including expenses in connection with the Plan of Liquidation; and payments of distributions to stockholders pursuant to the Plan of Liquidation. Through the completion of our liquidation, we intend to use our cash on hand and proceeds from the sale of real estate properties as our primary sources of liquidity. 
 Our investment in real estate generated cash flow in the form of rental revenues and tenant reimbursements, which were reduced by operating expenditures, the payment of asset management fees and corporate general and administrative expenses. Cash flow from operations from our real estate investment was primarily dependent upon the occupancy level of the property, the net effective rental rates on our leases, the collectibility of rent and operating recoveries from our tenants and how well we managed our expenditures. As of December 31, 2022, our remaining real estate property was 57 occupied. We completed the sale of our last remaining real estate property on March 30, 2023. See Subsequent Events. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our cash needs for capital expenditures were met with cash on hand. Operating cash needs during the same period were met with cash flow generated by our real estate investment. We believe that our cash on hand and proceeds from the sale of our remaining real estate property will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs through the completion of our liquidation. 
 Through the completion of our liquidation, we intend to maintain adequate cash reserves for liquidity and other future capital needs. 
 We anticipate to distribute substantially all of the remaining proceeds from liquidation in the second quarter of 2023. At the time of adopting the Plan of Liquidation, we had anticipated completing the orderly liquidation of our company and paying substantially all of our liquidating distributions from the net proceeds from liquidation within 24 months after stockholder approval of the Plan of Liquidation, which occurred on March 5, 2020. Given the continued disruptions in the financial markets and continued economic uncertainty, our completion of the Plan of Liquidation has been delayed. Although we were not able to complete our liquidation within the 24-month period described above, we do not anticipate any material unfavorable tax consequences to our stockholders or to our status as a REIT. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, (i) we did not have any current and accumulated earnings and profits (including any gain) or taxable income or gain for the taxable years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 and (ii) we do not anticipate any current and accumulated earnings and profits (including any gain) or taxable income or gain in the future. Our expectations about the amount of any additional liquidating distributions that we will pay and when we will pay them are subject to risks and uncertainties and are based on certain estimates and assumptions, one or more of which may prove to be incorrect. As a result, the actual amount of any additional liquidating distributions we pay to our stockholders may be less than our estimate and the liquidating distributions may be paid later than we predict. We do not expect to pay regular monthly distributions during the liquidating process. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 We also use our capital resources to make certain payments to our advisor. We paid our advisor fees in connection with the acquisition and origination of our assets and paid our advisor fees in connection with the management and disposition of our assets and we reimburse our advisor for certain costs incurred by our advisor in providing services to us. Among the fees payable to our advisor was an asset management fee. With respect to investments in real estate, we paid our advisor a monthly asset management fee equal to one-twelfth of 0.75 of the amount paid or allocated to acquire the investment, plus the cost of any subsequent development, construction or improvements to the property. This amount includes any portion of the investment that was debt financed and is inclusive of acquisition fees and expenses related thereto. We also continue to reimburse our advisor and our dealer manager for certain stockholder services. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents increased by 1.3 million primarily as a result of the net inflows from investment in our remaining real estate property of 7.1 million and 10.5 million of non-refundable extension fees funded by the purchaser of Union Bank Plaza under the purchase and sale agreement for the property, which fees were credited towards the sale price upon closing, offset by 10.1 million of capital expenditure payments and 5.1 million of corporate expenditures. On March 30, 2023, we completed the sale of Union Bank Plaza for 104.0 million, before third-party closing costs of approximately 1.1 million and excluding disposition fees payable to our advisor. See Subsequent Events. 
 Pursuant to our stockholders approval of the Plan of Liquidation, we adopted the liquidation basis of accounting as of February 1, 2020 (as the approval of the Plan of Liquidation by our stockholders became imminent within the first week of February 2020 based on the results of our solicitation of proxies from our stockholders for their approval of the Plan of Liquidation) and for the periods subsequent to February 1, 2020 in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly, on February 1, 2020, assets were adjusted to their estimated net realizable value, or liquidation value, which represents the estimated amount of cash that we will collect through the disposal of our assets as we carry out our Plan of Liquidation. The liquidation value of our operating property is presented on an undiscounted basis as of December 31, 2022. Estimated costs to dispose of assets and estimated capital expenditures through the disposition date of the property have been presented separately from the related assets. Liabilities are carried at their contractual amounts due or estimated settlement amounts. 

Changes in Net Assets in Liquidation 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Net assets in liquidation decreased by approximately 72.1 million from 205.5 million on December 31, 2021 to 133.4 million on December 31, 2022. The primary reason for the decrease in net assets in liquidation was due to a decrease in the liquidation value of Union Bank Plaza, our remaining real estate property located in Los Angeles, California. We sold this property on March 30, 2023. The estimated net proceeds from the sale of Union Bank Plaza decreased by approximately 82.6 million (after estimated closing costs and disposition fees) as the liquidation value was adjusted based on the contractual sales price less estimated closing credits as the property was under contract to sell as of December 31, 2022. However, the decrease in the estimated net realizable value of real estate and the corresponding impact to net assets in liquidation was partially offset by an increase in estimated cash flow of 3.1 million and a decrease in estimated capital expenditures of 7.9 million primarily due to a reduction in tenant improvement costs projected through the date of sale of Union Bank Plaza. See Subsequent Events Disposition of Union Bank Plaza. As of December 31, 2022, Union Bank Plaza was 57 occupied. Demand for office space in downtown Los Angeles significantly declined as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, with employees continuing to work from home. In addition, with rising interest rates, prospective buyers were challenged to obtain favorable financing, which along with the lower demand for office space, impacted the projected cash flows of the property and the purchase price prospective buyers were willing to pay for the property. 
 There is inherent uncertainty with these estimates and projections. 

Results of Operations 
 In light of the adoption of liquidation basis accounting as of February 1, 2020 and our liquidation pursuant to the Plan of Liquidation, the results of operations for the current year period are not comparable to the prior year period. The sale of assets under the Plan of Liquidation has a significant impact on our operations. Changes in liquidation values of our assets are discussed above under Changes in Net Assets in Liquidation. See Overview Plan of Liquidation and Real Estate and Real Estate Finance Markets. 
 Due to the adoption of the Plan of Liquidation, we are no longer reporting funds from operations and modified funds from operations as we no longer consider these to be key performance measures. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Below is a discussion of the accounting policies that management considers critical in that they involve significant management judgments and assumptions, require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain and because they are important for understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. These judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. With different estimates or assumptions, materially different amounts could be reported in our financial statements. Additionally, other companies may utilize different estimates that may impact the comparability of our results to those of companies in similar businesses. 
 Subsequent to the adoption of the liquidation basis of accounting, we are required to estimate all costs and income we expect to incur and earn through the end of liquidation including the estimated amount of cash we expect to collect through the disposal of our assets and the estimated costs to dispose of our assets. 
 Pursuant to our stockholders approval of the Plan of Liquidation, we adopted the liquidation basis of accounting as of and for the periods subsequent to February 1, 2020 (as approval of the Plan of Liquidation became imminent within the first week of February 2020 based on the results of our solicitation of proxies from our stockholders for their approval of the Plan of Liquidation). Accordingly, on February 1, 2020, assets were adjusted to their estimated net realizable value, or liquidation value, which represents the estimated amount of cash that we will collect through the disposal of our assets as we carry out our Plan of Liquidation. The liquidation value of our real estate property is presented on an undiscounted basis. Estimated costs to dispose of our assets and estimated capital expenditures through the disposition date of our real estate property have been presented separately from the related assets. Liabilities are carried at their contractual amounts due or estimated settlement amounts. 
 We accrue costs and income that we expect to incur and earn through the completion of our liquidation, including the estimated amount of cash we expect to collect through the disposal of our assets and the estimated costs to dispose of our assets, to the extent we have a reasonable basis for estimation. These amounts are classified as a liability for estimated costs in excess of estimated receipts during liquidation on the Consolidated Statement of Net Assets. Actual costs and income may differ from amounts reflected in the financial statements because of the inherent uncertainty in estimating future events. These differences may be material. See Note 2, Plan of Liquidation and Note 4, Liabilities for Estimated Costs in Excess of Estimated Receipts During Liquidation for further discussion. Actual costs incurred but unpaid as of December 31, 2022 are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, due to affiliate and other liabilities on the Consolidated Statement of Net Assets. 
 Revenue Recognition - Operating Leases 
 Under the liquidation basis of accounting, we have accrued all income that we expect to earn through the completion of our liquidation to the extent we have a reasonable basis for estimation. Revenue from tenants is estimated based on the contractual in-place leases and projected leases through the disposition date of the property. These amounts are classified in liabilities for estimated costs in excess of estimated receipts during liquidation on the Consolidated Statement of Net Assets. 
 Real Estate 
 As of February 1, 2020, our investments in real estate were adjusted to their estimated net realizable value, or liquidation value, to reflect the change to the liquidation basis of accounting. The liquidation value represents the estimated amount of cash that we will collect through the disposal of our assets, including any residual value attributable to lease intangibles, as we carry out the Plan of Liquidation. As of December 31, 2022, we estimated the liquidation value of our remaining real estate property based on the contractual sales price less estimated closing credits as the property was under contract to sell as of December 31, 2022. The liquidation value of our investment in real estate is presented on an undiscounted basis and the investment in real estate is no longer depreciated. Estimated costs to dispose of this investment are carried at their contractual amounts due or estimated settlement amounts and are presented separately from the related assets. Subsequent to February 1, 2020, all changes in the estimated liquidation value of the investments in real estate are reflected as a change to our net assets in liquidation. 
 Rents and Other Receivables 
 In accordance with the liquidation basis of accounting, as of February 1, 2020, rents and other receivables were adjusted to their net realizable value. We periodically evaluate the collectibility of amounts due from tenants. Any changes in the collectibility of the receivables are reflected as a change to our net assets in liquidation. 
 Accrued Liquidation Costs 
 We accrue for certain estimated liquidation costs to the extent we have a reasonable basis for estimation. These consist of legal fees, dissolution costs, final audit/tax costs, insurance, and distribution processing costs. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Income Taxes 
 We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code. To continue to qualify as a REIT, we must meet certain organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement to distribute at least 90 of our annual REIT taxable income to stockholders (which is computed without regard to the dividends-paid deduction or net capital gain and which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP). As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to federal income tax on income that we distribute as dividends to our stockholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will be subject to federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate income tax rates and generally will not be permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification is lost, unless the Internal Revenue Service grants us relief under certain statutory provisions. Such an event could materially and adversely affect our net income and net cash available for distribution to stockholders. However, we believe that we are organized and operate in such a manner as to qualify for treatment as a REIT. 

Subsequent Events 
 We evaluate subsequent events up until the date the consolidated financial statements are issued. 
 Disposition of Union Bank Plaza 
 As previously disclosed, on July 20, 2022, we, through an indirect wholly owned subsidiary, entered into a purchase and sale agreement and escrow instructions (the Agreement for the sale of Union Bank Plaza to WB Union Plaza Holdings LLC (the Purchaser ), an affiliate of Waterbridge Capital. Union Bank Plaza is a 40 story office building located in Los Angeles, California containing 701,888 rentable square feet on approximately 3.7 acres of land. The Purchaser is unaffiliated with us or our advisor. Pursuant to the Agreement, the sale price for Union Bank Plaza was 155.0 million, subject to prorations and adjustments as provided in the Agreement. 
 As previously disclosed on Form 8-K, we and the Purchaser amended the Agreement on October 14, 2022, November 23, 2022, December 9, 2022, December 29, 2022, January 12, 2023, January 26, 2023, February 10, 2023, February 17, 2023, February 27, 2023, March 6, 2023, March 16, 2023 and March 21, 2023. On March 30, 2023, we, through an indirect wholly owned subsidiary, entered into a thirteenth amendment to the Agreement (the Thirteenth Amended Agreement with the Purchaser to extend the closing date to March 30, 2023. Pursuant to the Thirteenth Amended Agreement, if the sale closed by March 30, 2023, then the sale price for Union Bank Plaza was 104.0 million. In addition, pursuant to the Thirteenth Amended Agreement, we were no longer obligated to provide, and the Purchaser was no longer entitled to receive, credits towards the purchase price for outstanding capital expenditures, leasing commissions, tenant improvement allowances and free rent which was estimated to be approximately 5.7 million. 
 On March 30, 2023, we completed the sale of Union Bank Plaza to the Purchaser for 104.0 million, before third-party closing costs of approximately 1.1 million and excluding disposition fees payable to the our advisor. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 None. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 See the Index to Financial Statements at page F-1 of this report. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL 
 DISCLOSURE 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon, and as of the date of, the evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 In connection with the preparation of our Form 10-K, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making that assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). 
 Based on its assessment, our management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Other Matters 
 In connection with the adoption of liquidation basis accounting, during the first quarter of 2020 (i) certain of our internal controls over financial reporting became no longer relevant primarily relating to asset impairments and (ii) we adopted additional internal controls over financial reporting primarily with respect to the calculations of our asset values for liquidation basis accounting purposes. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Directors and Executive Officers 
 We have provided below certain information about our directors and executive officers. 
 Name Position(s) Age 
 Charles J. Schreiber, Jr. Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 71 Jeffrey K. Waldvogel Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 45 Stacie K. Yamane Chief Accounting Officer and Assistant Secretary 58 Jeffrey A. Dritley Independent Director 66 Stuart A. Gabriel, Ph.D. Independent Director 69 Ron D. Sturzenegger Independent Director 63 
 _____________________ 
 As of March 1, 2023. 
 Charles J. Schreiber, Jr. is our Chairman of the Board, our Chief Executive Officer and one of our directors, positions he has held since August 2007, August 2007 and July 2007, respectively. In August 2019, he was also elected as our President. Mr. Schreiber is the Chairman and President of our advisor, and he served as the Chief Executive Officer of our advisor from October 2004 through December 2021. He is also the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and a director of KBS Growth Income REIT, positions he has held since January 2015. Mr. Schreiber is Chief Executive Officer and a director of KBS REIT III, positions he has held since January 2010 and December 2009, respectively. In August 2019, Mr. Schreiber was also elected President of KBS Growth Income REIT and KBS REIT III, and he served as the Chairman of the Board of KBS REIT III from January 2010 until November 2022. Mr. Schreiber was Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and a director of KBS Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. KBS REIT I from June 2005 until its liquidation in December 2018. Other than de minimis amounts owned by family members or family trusts, Mr. Schreiber indirectly owns and controls a 50 interest in KBS Holdings, which is the sole owner of our advisor and the entity that acted as our dealer manager. In addition, Mr. Schreiber controls the voting rights with respect to the 50 interest of KBS Holdings LLC KBS Holdings ), held indirectly by the estate of Peter M. Bren (together with other family members). KBS Holdings is a sponsor of our company and is or was a sponsor of KBS REIT I, KBS REIT III, Pacific Oak Strategic Opportunity REIT, Inc. Pacific Oak Strategic Opportunity REIT ), KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT, Inc. KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT ), Pacific Oak Strategic Opportunity REIT II , Inc. Pacific Oak Strategic Opportunity REIT II and KBS Growth Income REIT, which were formed in 2007, 2005, 2009, 2008, 2009, 2013 and 2015, respectively. 
 Mr. Schreiber is the Chairman and President of KBS Realty Advisors and is a principal of Koll Bren Schreiber Realty Advisors, Inc., each an active and nationally recognized real estate investment advisor. These entities are registered as investment advisers with the SEC. Messrs. Bren and Schreiber were the founding partners of the KBS-affiliated investment advisors. The first investment advisor affiliated with Messrs. Bren and Schreiber was formed in 1992. As of December 31, 2022, KBS Realty Advisors, together with KBS affiliates, including our advisor, had been involved in the investment in or management of approximately 29.3 billion of real estate investments on behalf of institutional investors, including public and private pension plans, endowments and foundations, institutional and sovereign wealth funds, and the investors in us, KBS REIT I, KBS REIT III, Pacific Oak Strategic Opportunity REIT (advisory agreement terminated October 31, 2019), KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT, Pacific Oak Strategic Opportunity REIT II (advisory agreement terminated October 31, 2019) and KBS Growth Income REIT. Through October 31, 2019, our advisor also served as the U.S. asset manager for Keppel Pacific Oak US REIT, and KBS Realty Advisors serves as the U.S. asset manager for Prime US REIT, both Singapore real estate investment trusts. 
 Mr. Schreiber oversees all aspects of our advisor s and KBS Realty Advisors operations, including the acquisition, management and disposition of individual investments and portfolios of investments for KBS-sponsored programs and KBS-advised investors. He also directs all facets of our advisor s and KBS Realty Advisors business activities and is responsible for investor relationships. 
 In addition, from July 2018 until February 2022, Mr. Schreiber served as Chairman of the Board and a director for KBS US Prime Property Management Pte. Ltd., which is the external manager of Prime US REIT, a Singapore real estate investment trust that is listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited. Mr. Schreiber holds an indirect ownership interest in KBS US Prime Property Management Pte. Ltd. and KBS Asia Partners Pte. Ltd., which is the sponsor of Prime US REIT. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Mr. Schreiber has been involved in real estate development, management, acquisition, disposition and financing for more than 49 years and with the acquisition, origination, management, disposition and financing of real estate-related debt investments for more than 30 years. Prior to forming the first KBS-affiliated investment advisor in 1992, he served as the Executive Vice President of Koll Investment Management Services and Executive Vice President of Acquisitions/Dispositions for The Koll Company. During the mid-1970s through the 1980s, he was Founder and President of Pacific Development Company and was previously Senior Vice President/Southern California Regional Manager of Ashwill-Burke Commercial Brokerage. 
 Mr. Schreiber graduated from the University of Southern California with a Bachelor s Degree in Finance with an emphasis in Real Estate. During his four years at USC, he did graduate work in the then newly formed Real Estate Department in the USC Graduate School of Business. He is currently an Executive Board Member for the USC Lusk Center for Real Estate at the University of Southern California Marshall School of Business/School of Policy, Planning and Development. Mr. Schreiber also serves as a member of the Executive Committee for the Public Non-Listed REIT Council for the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts. He is also a member of the National Council of Real Estate Investment Fiduciaries. Mr. Schreiber has served as a member of the board of directors and executive committee of The Irvine Company since August 2016, and since December 2016, Mr. Schreiber has served on the Board of Trustees of The Irvine Company. 
 The board of directors has concluded that Mr. Schreiber is qualified to serve as a director, Chairman of the Board and as our Chief Executive Officer and President for reasons including his extensive industry and leadership experience. With more than 49 years of experience in real estate development, management, acquisition and disposition and more than 30 years of experience with the acquisition, origination, management, disposition and financing of real estate-related debt investments, he has the depth and breadth of experience to implement our business strategy. He gained his understanding of the real estate and real estate-finance markets through hands-on experience with acquisitions, asset and portfolio management, asset repositioning and dispositions. As our Chief Executive Officer and a principal of our advisor, Mr. Schreiber is best-positioned to provide the board of directors with insights and perspectives on the execution of our business strategy, our operations and other internal matters. Further, as a principal of KBS-affiliated investment advisors, as Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of the Board and a director of KBS REIT III and KBS Growth Income REIT, as a director and trustee of The Irvine Company, as former Chairman of the Board and a director of KBS US Prime Property Management Pte. Ltd. and as former Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board and a director of KBS REIT I, Mr. Schreiber brings to the board of directors demonstrated management and leadership ability. 
 Jeffrey K. Waldvogel is our Chief Financial Officer, a position he has held since June 2015. In August 2018, he was also elected our Treasurer and Secretary. He is also the Chief Financial Officer of our advisor, a position he has held since June 2015. Since June 2015, he has served as Chief Financial Officer of KBS REIT III, and in July 2018, he was elected Treasurer and Secretary of KBS REIT III. He is also the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of KBS Growth Income REIT, positions he has held since June 2015, April 2017 and April 2017, respectively. From June 2015 until November 2019, he also served as the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of Pacific Oak Strategic Opportunity REIT and Pacific Oak Strategic Opportunity REIT II. He was Chief Financial Officer of KBS REIT I and KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT from June 2015 until their respective liquidations in December 2018. In January 2022, Mr. Waldvogel was also appointed the Chief Financial Officer of KBS Realty Advisors. 
 Mr. Waldvogel has been employed by an affiliate of our advisor since November 2010. With respect to the KBS-sponsored REITs advised by our advisor, he served as the Director of Finance and Reporting from July 2012 to June 2015 and as the VP Controller Technical Accounting from November 2010 to July 2012. In these roles Mr. Waldvogel was responsible for overseeing internal and external financial reporting, valuation analysis, financial analysis, REIT compliance, debt compliance and reporting, and technical accounting. 
 Prior to joining an affiliate of our advisor in 2010, Mr. Waldvogel was an audit senior manager at Ernst Young LLP. During his eight years at Ernst Young LLP, where he worked from October 2002 to October 2010, Mr. Waldvogel performed or supervised various auditing engagements, including the audit of financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP, as well as financial statements prepared on a tax basis. These auditing engagements were for clients in a variety of industries, with a significant focus on clients in the real estate industry. 
 In April 2002, Mr. Waldvogel received a Master of Accountancy Degree and Bachelor of Science from Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah. Mr. Waldvogel is a Certified Public Accountant (California). 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Stacie K. Yamane is our Chief Accounting Officer, a position she has held since October 2008. In August 2018, she was also elected our Assistant Secretary. From July 2007 to December 2008, Ms. Yamane served as our Chief Financial Officer and from July 2007 to October 2008, she served as our Controller. Ms. Yamane is also the Chief Accounting Officer, Portfolio Accounting of our advisor and Chief Accounting Officer of KBS REIT III and KBS Growth Income REIT, positions she has held for these entities since October 2008, January 2010 and January 2015, respectively. From August 2009 until November 2019 and from February 2013 until November 2019 she served as Chief Accounting Officer of Pacific Oak Strategic Opportunity REIT and Pacific Oak Strategic Opportunity REIT II, respectively. From August 2009 until its liquidation in December 2018, she served as Chief Accounting Officer of KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT; from October 2008 until its liquidation in December 2018, she served as Chief Accounting Officer of KBS REIT I. From October 2004 to October 2008, Ms. Yamane served as Fund Controller of our advisor; from June 2005 to December 2008, she served as Chief Financial Officer of KBS REIT I and from June 2005 to October 2008, she served as Controller of KBS REIT I. 
 Ms. Yamane also serves as Senior Vice President/Controller, Portfolio Accounting for KBS Realty Advisors, a position she has held since 2004. She served as a Vice President/Portfolio Accounting with KBS-affiliated investment advisors from 1995 to 2004. At KBS Realty Advisors, from 2004 through 2015, Ms. Yamane was responsible for client accounting/reporting for two real estate portfolios. These portfolios consisted of industrial, office and retail properties as well as land parcels. Ms. Yamane worked closely with portfolio managers, asset managers, property managers and clients to ensure the completion of timely and accurate accounting, budgeting and financial reporting. In addition, she assisted in the supervision and management of KBS Realty Advisors accounting department. 
 Prior to joining an affiliate of KBS Realty Advisors in 1995, Ms. Yamane was an audit manager at Kenneth Leventhal Company, a CPA firm specializing in real estate. During her eight years at Kenneth Leventhal Company, Ms. Yamane performed or supervised a variety of auditing, accounting and consulting engagements including the audit of financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP, as well as financial statements presented on a cash and tax basis, the valuation of asset portfolios and the review and analysis of internal control systems. Her experiences with various KBS-affiliated entities and Kenneth Leventhal Company give her almost 30 years of real estate experience. 
 Ms. Yamane received a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Business Administration with a dual concentration in Accounting and Management Information Systems from California State University, Fullerton. She is a Certified Public Accountant (inactive California). 
 Jeffrey A. Dritley is one of our independent directors and is chair of the conflicts committee, positions he has held since October 2017 and July 2019, respectively. He is also an independent director and chair of the conflicts committee of KBS REIT III, positions he has held since October 2017 and July 2019, respectively. Mr. Dritley is Founder and Managing Partner of Kearny Real Estate Company. Kearny, headquartered in Los Angeles, is a partnership of experienced real estate professionals active in the acquisition, entitlement, repositioning, development, leasing, management and disposition of large, complex commercial projects in Southern California. Since 1993, Kearny has been involved in approximately 5.2 billion of projects including the acquisition and work-out of approximately 2.3 billion of distressed real estate debt. 
 From 1993 to 2001, Mr. Dritley served as a Managing Director of Morgan Stanley, where he was responsible for the Morgan Stanley Real Estate Fund s MSREF West Coast operations and was a member of the global investment committee. During his tenure, MSREF was involved in over 3 billion of transactions, including significant acquisitions, refinancings and work-outs. From 1986 to 1993, Mr. Dritley was employed by The Koll Company, a major real estate development company in the western United States. From 1979 to 1984, Mr. Dritley was employed by Peat, Marwick, Mitchell in Kansas City and New York City. 
 Mr. Dritley has over 35 years of experience in the real estate industry. His experience has ranged from the acquisition, entitlement, development and redevelopment of over 14 million square feet of properties in Southern California, to creating and managing an organization with over 100 employees in the United States, Europe and Asia focused on buying and restructuring non-performing loans. 
 From 2009 to 2016 Mr. Dritley served as a director, chairman of the compensation committee and member of the investment committee of Bixby Land Company, a private REIT with assets exceeding 1 billion, and from 2008 to 2016, he served as a Senior Advisor to Trigate Property Partners, a real estate private equity firm that manages a partnership with CalSTRS. He also has been active in several professional organizations, including the Los Angeles County Economic Development Corporation, for which he served on the Executive Committee, the Urban Land Institute and the Los Angeles Chapter of NAIOP, of which he is a past president. His community involvement included serving on the board of the Neighborhood Youth Association in Venice, California and volunteering his time for youth sports and Boy Scouts. Mr. Dritley is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a Bachelor s Degree in Business Administration from the University of Missouri and an MBA from Harvard Business School. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 The board of directors has concluded that Mr. Dritley is qualified to serve as an independent director for reasons including his expertise in real estate acquisition, restructuring and disposition. His over 35 years of experience in the real estate industry gives him significant experience that will be of great benefit to our company and make him well-positioned to advise the board of directors with respect to potential investment, restructuring and disposition opportunities. As Founder and Managing Partner of Kearny Real Estate Company, Mr. Dritley has encountered the myriad of practical, operational and other challenges that face large real estate companies like ours. Further, in the course of serving on the board of directors of Bixby Land Company and as a Senior Advisor to Trigate Property Partners, Mr. Dritley has developed strong leadership and consensus building skills that are a valuable asset to the board of directors. In addition, as a Certified Public Accountant, he possesses valuable expertise in evaluating the financial and operational results of companies such as ours. 
 Stuart A. Gabriel, Ph.D. is one of our independent directors and is chair of the audit committee, positions he has held since March 2008 and August 2018, respectively. Professor Gabriel is also an independent director and is chair of the audit committee of KBS REIT III, positions he has held since September 2010 and August 2018, respectively. Professor Gabriel was an independent director of KBS REIT I from June 2005 until its liquidation in December 2018. Since June 2007, Professor Gabriel has served as Director of the Richard S. Ziman Center for Real Estate and Professor of Finance and Arden Realty Chair at the UCLA Anderson School of Management. Prior to joining UCLA he was Director and Lusk Chair in Real Estate at the USC Lusk Center for Real Estate, a position he held from 1999 to 2007. Professor Gabriel also served as Professor of Finance and Business Economics in the Marshall School of Business at the University of Southern California, a position he held from 1990 to 2007. He received a number of awards at UCLA and USC for outstanding graduate teaching. In 2004, he was elected President of the American Real Estate and Urban Economics Association. Professor Gabriel serves on the editorial boards of seven academic journals. Since March 2016, Professor Gabriel has served on the board of directors of KB Home and is a member of its audit committee. Professor Gabriel has published extensively on the topics of real estate finance and urban and regional economics. His teaching and academic research experience include analysis of real estate and real estate capital markets performance as well as structured finance products, including credit default swaps, commercial mortgage-backed securities and collateralized debt obligations. Professor Gabriel serves as a consultant to numerous corporate and governmental entities. From 1986 through 1990, Professor Gabriel served on the economics staff of the Federal Reserve Board in Washington, D.C. He also has been a Visiting Scholar at the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco. Professor Gabriel holds a Ph.D. in Economics from the University of California, Berkeley. 
 The board of directors has concluded that Professor Gabriel is qualified to serve as an independent director for reasons including his extensive knowledge and understanding of the real estate and finance markets and real estate finance products. As a professor of real estate finance and economics, Professor Gabriel brings unique perspective to the board of directors. His years of research and analysis of the real estate and finance markets make Professor Gabriel well-positioned to advise us with respect to our investment and financing strategy. This expertise also makes him an invaluable resource for assessing and managing risks facing our company. Through his experience as a director of KBS REIT III and KB Home and as a former director of KBS REIT I, he also has an understanding of the requirements of serving on a public company board. 
 Ron D. Sturzenegger is one of our independent directors, a position he has held since September 2019. In August 2019, Mr. Sturzenegger was also appointed as an independent director of KBS REIT III. 
 Mr. Sturzenegger has over 30 years of experience in the real estate industry through his career at major financial institutions. From July 2014 to January 2018, Mr. Sturzenegger was Enterprise Business Community Engagement Executive at Bank of America, responsible for leading Bank of America s strategy to integrate the delivery of its products and services to customers and clients in 90 key U.S. markets. In his role overseeing Enterprise Business Community Engagement, he was responsible for driving global integration opportunities across the enterprise. In addition, Mr. Sturzenegger led Bank of America s strategy through which leaders representing all the company s various businesses in a given market or community worked together to integrate the delivery of products and services for customers and clients, including the oversight of the Market Presidents Organization. 
 From August 2011 to April 2015, Mr. Sturzenegger was on the Management Committee of Bank of America and Legacy Asset Servicing (LAS) Executive at Bank of America, whose responsibilities included resolving legacy mortgage issues following Bank of America s acquisition of Countrywide Financial and Merrill Lynch during the financial crisis and the downturn in the U.S. housing markets, the management of the servicing of current, delinquent and at-risk loans, and the development and implementation of operational capabilities and processes to address regulators concerns regarding robo-signing. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 From January 2009 to August 2011, Mr. Sturzenegger served as Managing Director and Global Head of Real Estate, Gaming and Lodging Investment Banking at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, and from January 2002 to December 2008, Mr. Sturzenegger served as Managing Director and Global Head of Real Estate, Gaming and Lodging Investment Banking for Bank of America Securities. From July 1998 to December 2001, he served as Head of Real Estate Mergers and Acquisitions at Bank of America Securities. From July 1986 to June 1998, Mr. Sturzenegger served in various roles at Morgan Stanley in Real Estate Investment Banking. From 1982 to 1984, Mr. Sturzenegger was a Financial Analyst with Bain Company. 
 Since January 2020, Mr. Sturzenegger has served on the board of trustees of StepStone Private Markets. He is a member of its audit committee and nominating and governance committee and serves as the chair of its independent trustees committee. Since June 2022, Mr. Sturzenegger has served on the board of trustees of StepStone Private Venture and Growth Fund. He is a member of its audit committee and nominating and governance committee and serves as the chair of its independent trustees committee. Mr. Sturzenegger serves on the Executive Committee for the policy advisory board for the Fisher Center for Real Estate Urban Economics. He a member of the advisory board of the Stanford Professionals in Real Estate. Mr. Sturzenegger and his wife previously served as Chairs of the Parents Advisory Board for Stanford University. Mr. Sturzenegger holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Industrial Engineering from Stanford University and an MBA from Harvard Business School. 
 The board of directors has concluded that Mr. Sturzenegger is qualified to serve as an independent director for reasons including his extensive real estate industry, investment banking and leadership experience. Mr. Sturzenegger s 30 years of experience in the real estate industry through his career at major financial institutions given him the depth and breadth of experience from which to draw in advising our company. Through his executive and management roles at Bank of America, Mr. Sturzenegger brings to the board demonstrated management and leadership ability. 
 Corporate Governance 
 The Audit Committee 
 Our board of directors has established an audit committee. The audit committee s function is to assist the board of directors in fulfilling its responsibilities by overseeing (i) our accounting and financial reporting processes, (ii) the integrity of our financial statements, (iii) our independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications, performance and independence, and (iv) the performance of our internal audit function. The audit committee fulfills these responsibilities primarily by carrying out the activities enumerated in the audit committee charter. The audit committee charter is available on our website at www.kbsreitii.com . 
 The members of the audit committee are Jeffrey A. Dritley, Stuart A. Gabriel, Ph.D.(chair) and Ron D. Sturzenegger. The board of directors has determined that all of the members of the audit committee are independent as defined by the New York Stock Exchange. All of the members of the audit committee have significant financial and/or accounting experience, and the board of directors has determined that all of the members of the audit committee satisfy the SEC s requirements for an audit committee financial expert. 
 Code of Conduct and Ethics 
 We have adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our executive officers and directors, including but not limited to, our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Our Code of Conduct and Ethics can be found at www.kbsreitii.com . 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Compensation of Executive Officers 
 Our conflicts committee, which is composed of all of our independent directors, discharges our board of directors responsibilities relating to the compensation of our executives. However, we currently do not have any paid employees and our executive officers do not receive any compensation directly from us for services rendered to us. Our executive officers are officers and/or employees of, or hold an indirect ownership interest in, our advisor and/or its affiliates, and our executive officers are compensated by these entities, in part, for their services to us or our subsidiaries. See Part III, Item 13, Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence Report of the Conflicts Committee Certain Transactions with Related Persons for a discussion of the fees paid to our advisor and its affiliates. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Compensation of Directors 
 If a director is also one of our executive officers, we do not pay any compensation to that person for services rendered as a director. The amount and form of compensation payable to our independent directors for their service to us is determined by the conflicts committee, based upon recommendations from our advisor. One of our executive officers, Mr. Schreiber, manages and controls our advisor, and through our advisor, he is involved in recommending and setting the compensation to be paid to our independent directors. 
 We have provided below certain information regarding compensation earned by or paid to our directors during fiscal year 2022. 
 Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash in 2022 All Other Compensation Total Jeffrey A. Dritley 169,500 169,500 Stuart A. Gabriel, Ph.D. 171,000 171,000 Ron D. Sturzenegger 
 159,500 159,500 Charles J. Schreiber, Jr. (1) 
 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Director who is also an executive officer and does not receive compensation for services rendered as a director. 
 Cash Compensation 
 We compensate each of our independent directors with an annual retainer of 135,000 as well as paying compensation to our independent directors for attending board of directors, audit committee, conflicts committee and Special Committee meetings as follows: 
 each member of the audit committee and conflicts committee will be paid 10,000 annually for service on such committees (except that the chair of each of the audit committee and conflicts committee will be paid 20,000 annually for service as the chair of such committees); 
 after the tenth board of directors meeting of each calendar year, each independent director will be paid (i) 2,500 for each in-person board of directors meeting attended for the remainder of the calendar year and (ii) 2,000 for each teleconference board of directors meeting attended for the remainder of the calendar year; 
 after the tenth audit committee meeting of each calendar year, each member of the audit committee will be paid (i) 2,500 for each in-person audit committee meeting attended for the remainder of the calendar year and (ii) 2,000 for each teleconference audit committee meeting attended for the remainder of the calendar year (except that the audit committee chair will be paid 3,000 for each in-person and teleconference audit committee meeting attended after the tenth audit committee meeting of each calendar year, for the remainder of each calendar year); 
 after the tenth conflicts committee meeting of each calendar year, each member of the conflicts committee will be paid (i) 2,500 for each in-person conflicts committee meeting attended for the remainder of the calendar year and (ii) 2,000 for each teleconference conflicts committee meeting attended for the remainder of the calendar year (except that the conflicts committee chair will be paid 3,000 for each in-person and teleconference conflicts committee meeting attended after the tenth conflicts committee meeting of each calendar year, for the remainder of each calendar year); and 
 each member of the Special Committee will be paid (i) 2,000 for each in-person Special Committee meeting attended and (ii) 2,000 for each teleconference Special Committee meeting attended (except that the Special Committee chair will be paid 3,000 for each in-person and teleconference Special Committee meeting attended). 
 All directors receive reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at board of directors meetings and committee meetings. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND 
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Stock Ownership 
 The following table shows, as of April 3, 2023, the amount of our common stock beneficially owned (unless otherwise indicated) by (1) any person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock, (2) our directors, (3) our executive officers, and (4) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (2) 
 Percentage of all Outstanding Shares Jeffrey A. Dritley, Independent Director Stuart A. Gabriel, Ph.D., Independent Director 2,680 Charles J. Schreiber, Jr., Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 20,000 (3) 
 Ron D. Sturzenegger, Independent Director Jeffrey K. Waldvogel, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary Stacie K. Yamane, Chief Accounting Officer and Assistant Secretary All executive officers and directors as a group 22,680 (3) 
 
 _____________________ 
 Less than 1 of the outstanding common stock. 
 (1) The address of each named beneficial owner is 800 Newport Center Drive, Suite 700, Newport Beach, California 92660. 
 (2) None of the shares is pledged as security. 
 (3) Includes 20,000 shares owned by KBS Capital Advisors, which is indirectly controlled by Charles J. Schreiber, Jr. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Director Independence 
 A majority of our board of directors, Messrs. Dritley, Gabriel and Sturzenegger, meet the independence criteria as specified in our charter. Our charter defines an independent director as a director who is not and has not for the last two years been associated, directly or indirectly, with our sponsor, KBS Holdings, or our advisor, KBS Capital Advisors. A director is deemed to be associated with our sponsor or our advisor if he or she (i) owns an interest in our sponsor, our advisor or any of their affiliates; (ii) is employed by our sponsor, our advisor or any of their affiliates; (iii) is an officer or director of our sponsor, our advisor or any of their affiliates, (iv) performs services, other than as a director, for us; (v) is a director for more than three REITs organized by our sponsor or advised by our advisor; or (vi) has any material business or professional relationship with our sponsor, our advisor or any of their affiliates. A business or professional relationship will be deemed material per se if the annual gross revenue derived by the director from our sponsor, our advisor or any of their affiliates (excluding fees for serving as an independent director of us or other REIT or real estate program advised or managed by our advisor or its affiliates) exceeds 5 of (1) the director s annual gross revenue derived from all sources during either of the last two years or (2) the director s net worth on a fair market value basis. An indirect relationship is defined to include circumstances in which the director s spouse, parents, children, siblings, mothers- or fathers-in-law, sons- or daughters-in-law or brothers- or sisters-in-law is or has been associated with us, our sponsor, our advisor or any of their affiliates. 
 In addition, and although our shares are not listed for trading on any national securities exchange, all of our current independent directors are independent as defined by the New York Stock Exchange. The board of directors has affirmatively determined that Jeffrey A. Dritley, Stuart A. Gabriel, Ph.D. and Ron D. Sturzenegger each satisfies the New York Stock Exchange independence standards. 
 Report of the Conflicts Committee 
 Review of Our Policies 
 The conflicts committee has reviewed our policies and determined that they are in the best interest of our stockholders. Set forth below is a discussion of the basis for that determination. 
 Disposition, Portfolio Management and Distribution Policies during Implementation of the Plan of Liquidation. In accordance with the Plan of Liquidation, our objectives are to pursue an orderly liquidation of our company by selling all of our assets, paying our debts and our known liabilities, providing for the payment of unknown or contingent liabilities, distributing the net proceeds from liquidation to our stockholders and winding up our operations and dissolving our company. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022, we owned one office property located in Los Angeles, California, encompassing in the aggregate 701,888 rentable square feet Union Bank Plaza ). As of December 31, 2022, the estimated liquidation value of this property was 93.5 million, net of deposits received as of December 31, 2022, and this property was 57 occupied. On March 30, 2023, we completed the sale of Union Bank Plaza for 104.0 million, before third-party closing costs of approximately 1.1 million, inclusive of 10.5 million of non-refundable deposits and excluding disposition fees payable to our advisor. See Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Subsequent Events. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold three office properties and an office building that was part of an office campus. 
 Pursuant to the Plan of Liquidation, our board of directors has authorized five liquidating distributions: 
 Record Date Payment Date Liquidating Distribution Per Share March 5, 2020 March 10, 2020 0.75 August 3, 2020 August 7, 2020 0.25 December 24, 2020 December 30, 2020 0.40 October 1, 2021 October 5, 2021 0.50 December 9, 2021 December 14, 2021 0.20 

We anticipate to distribute substantially all of the remaining proceeds from liquidation in the second quarter of 2023. At the time of adopting the Plan of Liquidation, we had anticipated completing the orderly liquidation of our company and paying substantially all of our liquidating distributions from the net proceeds from liquidation within 24 months after stockholder approval of the Plan of Liquidation, which occurred on March 5, 2020. Given the continued disruptions in the financial markets and continued economic uncertainty, our completion of the Plan of Liquidation has been delayed. Although we were not able to complete our liquidation within the 24-month period described above, we do not anticipate any material unfavorable tax consequences to our stockholders or to our status as a REIT. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, (i) we did not have any current and accumulated earnings and profits (including any gain) or taxable income or gain for the taxable years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 and (ii) we do not anticipate any current and accumulated earnings and profits (including any gain) or taxable income or gain in the future. 
 Our completion of the Plan of Liquidation and the amount of any additional liquidating distributions that we will pay to our stockholders and when we will pay them are subject to risks and uncertainties and are based on certain estimates and assumptions, one or more of which may prove to be incorrect. As a result, the actual amount of any additional liquidating distributions we pay to stockholders may be less than we estimate and the liquidating distributions may be paid later than we predict. There are many factors that may affect the amount of liquidating distributions we will ultimately pay to our stockholders. If we underestimate our existing obligations and liabilities or the amount of taxes, transaction fees and expenses relating to the liquidation and dissolution, or if unanticipated or contingent liabilities arise, the amount of liquidating distributions ultimately paid to our stockholders could be less than estimated. We can give no assurance regarding the amount or timing of liquidating distributions to be received by our stockholders. 
 Borrowing Policies. In order to execute our investment strategy, we primarily utilized secured debt to finance a portion of our investment portfolio. We also used debt financing to pay for capital improvements or repairs to properties; to refinance existing indebtedness; to pay distributions; to provide working capital and for other liquidity needs. With the proceeds from the sales of four properties, we repaid a total of 240.5 million of outstanding notes payable during the year ended December 31, 2021, which represented all of our outstanding notes payable as of December 31, 2021. We did not have any outstanding notes payable during the year ended December 31, 2022. We do not intend to obtain additional debt financing in the future. 
 Policy Regarding Capital Reserves . We have estimated our capital requirements and cash needs through the completion of our liquidation and we have established reserves for such amounts. We intend to use cash on hand and proceeds from the sale of our remaining real estate property to meet our liquidity needs through the completion of our liquidation. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Policy Regarding Transactions with Related Persons. Our charter requires the conflicts committee to review and approve all transactions between us and our advisor, any of our officers or directors or any of their affiliates. Prior to entering into a transaction with a related party, a majority of the conflicts committee must conclude that the transaction is fair and reasonable to us. In addition, our Code of Conduct and Ethics lists examples of types of transactions with related parties that would create prohibited conflicts of interest and requires our officers and directors to be conscientious of actual and potential conflicts of interest with respect to our interests and to seek to avoid such conflicts or handle such conflicts in an ethical manner at all times consistent with applicable law. Our executive officers and directors are required to report potential and actual conflicts to the Compliance Officer, via the Ethics Hotline or directly to the audit committee chair, as appropriate. 
 Certain Transactions with Related Persons. The conflicts committee has reviewed the material transactions between our affiliates and us since the beginning of 2021 as well as any such currently proposed material transactions. Set forth below is a description of such transactions and the conflicts committee s report on their fairness. 
 We have entered into agreements with certain affiliates pursuant to which they provide services to us. All of our executive officers and our affiliated director are also officers, directors, managers, or key professionals of and/or holders of a direct or indirect controlling interest in our advisor and other affiliated KBS entities. Charles J. Schreiber, Jr. is the Chairman of our Board, our Chief Executive Officer, our President and our affiliated director. Our advisor is owned and controlled by KBS Holdings, our sponsor. Charles J. Schreiber, Jr. indirectly controls our sponsor and our advisor. 
 Our Relationship with KBS Capital Advisors. Since our inception, our advisor has provided day-to-day management of our business. Among the services that are provided or have been provided by our advisor under the terms of the advisory agreement are the following: 
 finding, presenting and recommending to us real estate and real estate-related investment opportunities consistent with our investment policies and objectives; 
 structuring the terms and conditions of our investments, sales and joint ventures; 
 acquiring properties and other investments on our behalf in compliance with our investment objectives and policies; 
 sourcing and structuring our loan originations and acquisitions; 
 arranging for financing and refinancing of our properties and our other investments; 
 entering into leases and service contracts for our properties; 
 supervising and evaluating each property manager s performance; 
 reviewing and analyzing the properties operating and capital budgets; 
 assisting us in obtaining insurance; 
 generating an annual budget for us; 
 reviewing and analyzing financial information for each of our assets and our overall portfolio; 
 formulating and overseeing the implementation of strategies for the administration, promotion, management, operation, maintenance, improvement, financing and refinancing, marketing, leasing and disposition of our properties and other investments; 
 performing investor-relations services; 
 maintaining our accounting and other records and assisting us in filing all reports required to be filed with the SEC, the IRS and other regulatory agencies; 
 engaging in and supervising the performance of our agents, including our registrar and transfer agent; and 
 performing any other services reasonably requested by us. 
 Our advisor is subject to the supervision of the board of directors and only has such authority as we may delegate to it as our agent. The advisory agreement has a term expiring May 21, 2023, subject to an unlimited number of successive one-year renewals upon the mutual consent of the parties. From January 1, 2021 through the most recent date practicable, which was February 28, 2023, we compensated our advisor as set forth below. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 With respect to investments in real estate, we pay our advisor a monthly asset management fee equal to one-twelfth of 0.75 of the amount paid or allocated to acquire the investment, plus the cost of any subsequent development, construction or improvements to the property. This amount includes any portion of the investment that was debt financed and is inclusive of acquisition fees and expenses related thereto. In the case of investments made through joint ventures, the asset management fee was determined based on our proportionate share of the underlying investment. With respect to investments in loans and any investments other than real estate, we paid our advisor a monthly asset management fee calculated, each month, as one-twelfth of 0.75 of the lesser of (i) the amount paid or allocated to acquire or fund the loan or other investment (which amount included any portion of the investment that was debt financed and was inclusive of acquisition or origination fees and expenses related thereto) and (ii) the outstanding principal amount of such loan or other investment, plus the acquisition or origination fees and expenses related to the acquisition or funding of such investment, as of the time of calculation. Asset management fees from January 1, 2021 through February 28, 2023 totaled approximately 7.5 million, all of which had been paid as of February 28, 2023. 
 Under the advisory agreement, our advisor and its affiliates have the right to seek reimbursement from us for all costs and expenses they incur in connection with their provision of services to us, including our allocable share of our advisor s overhead, such as rent, employee costs, utilities, accounting software costs and cybersecurity costs. We reimburse our advisor for our allocable portion of the salaries, benefits and overhead of internal audit department personnel providing services to us. We will not reimburse our advisor or its affiliates for employee costs in connection with services for which our advisor earns acquisition, origination or disposition fees (other than reimbursement of travel and communication expenses) or for the salaries and benefits our advisor or its affiliates may pay to our executive officers. From January 1, 2021 through February 28, 2023, we incurred 371,000 of operating expenses reimbursable to our advisor, including 301,000 of our allocable portion of the salaries, benefits and overhead of internal audit department personnel providing services to us, all of which had been paid as of February 28, 2023. We also reimburse our advisor for certain of our direct costs incurred from third parties that were initially paid by our advisor on our behalf. 
 As of December 31, 2021, we had been charged 0.7 million by certain vendors for services for which we believe we were either overcharged or which were never performed. From January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, we incurred 0.2 million of legal and accounting costs related to the investigation of this matter. Our advisor agreed to reimburse us for any amounts inappropriately charged to us for these vendor services and for legal and accounting costs incurred related to the investigation of this matter. As of December 31, 2022, our advisor had reimbursed us 0.9 million in cash for amounts inappropriately charged to us and for legal and accounting costs related to the investigation of this matter. 
 For substantial assistance in connection with the sale of properties or other investments, we pay our advisor or its affiliates 1.0 of the contract sales price of each property or other investment sold; provided, however, in no event may aggregate disposition fees paid to our advisor, its affiliates and unaffiliated third parties exceed 6.0 of the contract sales price. From January 1, 2021 through February 28, 2023, we incurred 4.3 million of disposition fees, all of which had been paid as of February 28, 2023. 
 The conflicts committee considers our relationship with our advisor during 2021 and 2022 to be fair. The conflicts committee believes that the amounts payable to our advisor under the advisory agreement are similar to those paid by other publicly offered, unlisted, externally advised REITs and that this compensation is necessary in order for our advisor to provide the desired level of services to us and our stockholders. 
 Our Relationship with KBS Capital Markets Group. We have entered into a fee reimbursement agreement (the AIP Reimbursement Agreement with KBS Capital Markets Group LLC, the entity that acted as our dealer manager (the Dealer Manager ), pursuant to which we agreed to reimburse the Dealer Manager for certain fees and expenses it incurs for administering our participation in the DTCC Alternative Investment Product Platform with respect to certain accounts of our stockholders serviced through the platform. From January 1, 2021 through February 28, 2023, we incurred 93,000 of costs and expenses related to the AIP Reimbursement Agreement, all of which had been paid as of February 28, 2023. 
 The conflicts committee believes that this arrangement with KBS Capital Markets Group is fair. 
 Insurance Program . As of January 1, 2021, we, together with KBS REIT III, KBS Growth Income REIT, the Dealer Manager, our advisor and other KBS-affiliated entities, had entered into an errors and omissions and directors and officers liability insurance program where the lower tiers of such insurance coverage were shared. The cost of these lower tiers is allocated by our advisor and its insurance broker among each of the various entities covered by the program, and is billed directly to each entity. The program was effective through June 30, 2022. In connection with our liquidation, we ceased participation in the program as of June 30, 2022 and obtained separate insurance coverage. 
 The conflicts committee believes this arrangement is fair. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 and from January 1, 2023 through February 28, 2023, no other transactions occurred between us and KBS REIT III, KBS Growth Income REIT, our advisor, the Dealer Manager or other KBS-affiliated entities. 
 Currently Proposed Transactions. There are no currently proposed material transactions with related persons other than those covered by the terms of the agreements described above. 
 The conflicts committee has determined that the policies set forth in this Report of the Conflicts Committee are in the best interests of our stockholders because they provide us with the highest likelihood of achieving our objectives. 
 April 4, 2023 The Conflicts Committee of the Board of Directors: 
 Jeffrey A. Dritley (chair), Stuart A. Gabriel, Ph.D. and Ron D. Sturzenegger 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, Ernst Young LLP Ernst Young served as our independent registered public accounting firm and provided certain tax and other services. Ernst Young has served as our independent registered public accounting firm since our formation. 
 Pre-Approval Policies 
 In order to ensure that the provision of such services does not impair the independent registered public accounting firm s independence, the audit committee charter imposes a duty on the audit committee to pre-approve all auditing services performed for us by our independent registered public accounting firm, as well as all permitted non-audit services. In determining whether or not to pre-approve services, the audit committee considers whether the service is a permissible service under the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC. The audit committee may, in its discretion, delegate to one or more of its members the authority to pre-approve any audit or non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, provided any such approval is presented to and approved by the full audit committee at its next scheduled meeting. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, all services rendered by Ernst Young were pre-approved in accordance with the policies and procedures described above. 
 Principal Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees 
 The audit committee reviewed the audit and non-audit services performed by Ernst Young, as well as the fees charged by Ernst Young for such services. In its review of the non-audit service fees, the audit committee considered whether the provision of such services is compatible with maintaining the independence of Ernst Young. The aggregate fees billed to us for professional accounting services, including the audit of our annual financial statements by Ernst Young for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, are set forth in the table below. 
 2022 2021 Audit fees 325,000 470,000 Audit-related fees Tax fees 92,572 94,135 All other fees 2,400 Total 419,972 564,135 

39 

Table of Contents 

 For purposes of the preceding table, Ernst Young s professional fees are classified as follows: 
 Audit fees - These are fees for professional services performed for the audit of our annual financial statements and the required review of quarterly financial statements and other procedures performed by Ernst Young in order for them to be able to form an opinion on our consolidated financial statements. These fees also cover services that are normally provided by independent registered public accounting firms in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 
 Audit-related fees - These are fees for assurance and related services that traditionally are performed by independent registered public accounting firms that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements, such as due diligence related to acquisitions and dispositions, attestation services that are not required by statute or regulation, internal control reviews and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 
 Tax fees - These are fees for all professional services performed by professional staff in our independent registered public accounting firm s tax division, except those services related to the audit of our financial statements. These include fees for tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice, including federal, state and local issues. Services may also include assistance with tax audits and appeals before the IRS and similar state and local agencies, as well as federal, state and local tax issues related to due diligence. 
 All other fees - These are fees for any services not included in the above-described categories. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Financial Statement Schedules See the Index to Financial Statements at page F- 1 of this report. 

(b) Exhibits 
 
 Ex. Description 2.1 Plan of Complete Liquidation and Dissolution of the Company dated as of March 5, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 6, 2020 
 3.1 Second Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2008, filed May 28, 2008 
 3.2 Articles of Amendment of the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2020, filed May 15, 2020 
 3.3 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed September 22, 2016 
 4.1 Statement regarding restrictions on transferability of shares of common stock (to appear on stock certificate or to be sent upon request and without charge to stockholders issued shares without certificates), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11, Commission File No. 333-146341, filed February 19, 2008 
 4.2 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 6, 2020 
 10.1 Advisory Agreement dated May 21, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 24, 2022 
 10.2 Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions by and between KBSII 445 South Figueroa, LLC and Harbor Associates, LLC dated May 18, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 t o the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2022, filed August 12, 2022 
 10.3 Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions by and between KBSII 445 South Figueroa , LLC and WB Union Bank Plaza Holdings LLC, dated July 20, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 t o the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2022, filed November 9, 2022 
 10.4 First Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions by and between KBSII 445 South Figueroa, LLC and WB Union Plaza Holdings LLC, dated October 14, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 t o the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2022, filed November 9, 2022 
 10.5 Second Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions by and between KBSII 445 South Figueroa, LLC and WB Union Plaza Holdings LLC, dated November 23, 2022 
 10.6 Third Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions by and between KBSII 445 South Figueroa, LLC and WB Union Plaza Holdings LLC, dated December 9, 2022 
 10.7 Fourth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions by and between KBSII 445 South Figueroa, LLC and WB Union Plaza Holdings LLC, dated December 29, 2022 
 10.8 Fifth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions by and between KBSII 445 South Figueroa, LLC and WB Union Plaza Holdings LLC, dated January 12, 2023 
 10.9 Sixth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions by and between KBSII 445 South Figueroa, LLC and WB Union Plaza Holdings LLC, dated January 26, 2023 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Ex. Description 10.10 Seventh Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions by and between KBSII 445 South Figueroa, LLC and WB Union Plaza Holdings LLC, dated February 10, 2023 
 10.11 Eighth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions by and between KBSII 445 South Figueroa, LLC and WB Union Plaza Holdings LLC, dated February 17, 2023 
 10.12 Ninth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions by and between KBSII 445 South Figueroa, LLC and WB Union Plaza Holdings LLC, dated February 27, 2023 
 10.13 Tenth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions by and between KBSII 445 South Figueroa, LLC and WB Union Plaza Holdings LLC, dated March 6, 2023 
 10.14 Eleventh Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions by and between KBSII 445 South Figueroa, LLC and WB Union Plaza Holdings LLC, dated March 16, 2023 
 10.15 Twelfth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions by and between KBSII 445 South Figueroa, LLC and WB Union Plaza Holdings LLC, dated March 21, 2023 
 10.16 Thirteenth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions by and between KBSII 445 South Figueroa, LLC and WB Union Plaza Holdings LLC, effective as of March 30, 2023 
 10.17 Retail Lease (relating to Union Bank Plaza), by and between KBSII 445 South Figueroa, LLC and MUFG Union Bank, N.A., dated as of August 2, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2019, filed November 12, 2019 
 10.18 Amended and Restated Office Lease (relating to Union Bank Plaza), by and between KBSII 445 South Figueroa, LLC and MUFG Union Bank, N.A., dated as of August 2, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2019, filed November 12, 2019 
 10.19 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Office Lease (relating to Union Bank), by and between KBSII 445 SOUTH FIGUEROA, LLC and MUFG UNION BANK, N.A. dated March 27, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarter Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2020, filed May 14, 2020 
 10.20 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Office Lease (relating to Union Bank), by and between KBSII 445 South Figueroa, LLC and MUFG Union Bank, N.A., dated as of June 18, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 11, 2021 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Company 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Ex. Description 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Statement of Net Assets (Liquidation Basis) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 3 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets (Liquidation Basis) for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 F- 4 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 5 
 
 All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 
 KBS Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statement of net assets in liquidation of KBS Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statement of changes in net assets in liquidation for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the net assets in liquidation of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the changes in its net assets in liquidation for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles applied on the basis of accounting described below. 
 As described in Note 3 to the financial statements, the stockholders of the Company approved a plan of liquidation and the Company has commenced liquidation. As a result, the Company has changed its basis of accounting for periods subsequent to January 31, 2020 from the going-concern basis to a liquidation basis. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2007. 
 
 April 5, 2023 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF NET ASSETS 
 (Liquidation Basis) 
 (in thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Real estate, net of deposits received Cash and cash equivalents Rents and other receivables Due from affiliate Other assets Total assets Liabilities Liabilities for estimated costs in excess of estimated receipts during liquidation Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Due to affiliate Liabilities for estimated closing costs and disposition fees Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) Net assets in liquidation 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 (Liquidation Basis) 
 (in thousands) 
 Net assets in liquidation, beginning of period Changes in net assets in liquidation Change in liquidation value of real estate property after closing costs/disposition fees ) Change in estimated cash flow during liquidation Change in estimated capital expenditures Other changes, net ) Changes in net assets in liquidation ) Net assets in liquidation, end of period 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Cont ents 
 KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 
 1. 

partnership interest in the Operating Partnership. The Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, KBS REIT Holdings II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company formed on August 23, 2007 KBS REIT Holdings II ), owns the remaining partnership interest in the Operating Partnership and is its sole limited partner. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company owned office property, which the Company sold on March 30, 2023. See Note 9, Subsequent Events Disposition of Union Bank Plaza. 
 Subject to certain restrictions and limitations, the business of the Company is managed by KBS Capital Advisors LLC (the Advisor ), an affiliate of the Company, pursuant to an advisory agreement the Company entered into with the Advisor (the Advisory Agreement ). The Advisory Agreement is effective through May 21, 2023 and may be renewed for an unlimited number of periods upon the mutual consent of the Advisor and the Company. Either party may terminate the Advisory Agreement upon days written notice. The Advisor owns shares of the Company s common stock. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

2. 
 months after stockholder approval of the Plan of Liquidation, which occurred on March 5, 2020. Given the continued disruptions in the financial markets and continued economic uncertainty, the Company s completion of the Plan of Liquidation has been delayed. Although the Company was not able to complete its liquidation within the -month period described above, the Company does not anticipate any material unfavorable tax consequences to its stockholders or to its status as a REIT. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, (i) the Company did not have any current and accumulated earnings and profits (including any gain) or taxable income or gain for the taxable years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 and (ii) the Company does not anticipate any current and accumulated earnings and profits (including any gain) or taxable income or gain in the future. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 December 31, 2022 
 2. PLAN OF LIQUIDATION (CONTINUED) 

3. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 December 31, 2022 
 3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

Revenue Recognition - Operating Leases 
 
 Real Estate 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Rents and Other Receivables 
 
 Accrued Liquidation Costs 
 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 December 31, 2022 
 3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

 million for the calendar year 2021. 
 During any calendar year, the Company could redeem no more than of the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the prior calendar year. 
 The Company had no obligation to redeem shares if the redemption would violate the restrictions on distributions under Maryland General Corporation Law, as amended from time to time, which prohibits distributions that would cause a corporation to fail to meet statutory tests of solvency. 
 The Company s share redemption program, as amended, set the redemption price per share of the Company s common stock eligible for redemption at the Company s most recent estimated value per share as of the applicable redemption date, provided that if the Company s board of directors had declared liquidating distributions on such share with a record date prior to the applicable redemption date for such share and the most recent estimated value per share had not been updated to reflect the reduction for such liquidating distributions, then the redemption price per share was reduced to reflect the amount of such liquidating distributions. 
 On December 24, 2020, in connection with the authorization of a third liquidating distribution in the amount of per share of common stock to the Company s stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 24, 2020 (the Third Liquidating Distribution ), the Company s board of directors approved an updated estimated value per share of the Company s common stock of (unaudited), which was effective through the February 26, 2021 redemption date. 
 On March 11, 2021, the Company s board of directors approved an estimated value per share of the Company s common stock of based on the Company s net assets in liquidation, divided by the number of shares outstanding, all as of December 31, 2020. Therefore, effective commencing with the March 31, 2021 redemption date, the redemption price for all shares eligible for redemption was equal to , which was effective through the September 30, 2021 redemption date. 
 per share of common stock to the Company s stockholders of record as of the close of business on October 1, 2021 (the Fourth Liquidating Distribution ), the Company s board of directors approved an updated estimated value per share of the Company s common stock of (unaudited), effective October 5, 2021. Therefore, the redemption price for all shares eligible for redemption was equal to for the October 29, 2021 redemption date. 
 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 December 31, 2022 
 3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

Operating Expenses 
 
 Asset Management Fee 
 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 December 31, 2022 
 3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

 of the contract sales price of each property or other investment sold; provided, however, in no event may the disposition fees paid to Advisor, its affiliates and unaffiliated third parties exceed of the contract sales price. 
 Income Taxes 

Square Footage, Occupancy and Other Measures 

F-10 

Table of Contents 
 KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 December 31, 2022 
 4. 

 ) ) Liabilities: Liquidation transaction costs ) ) Corporate expenditures ) ) ) Capital expenditures ) ) ) ) Total liabilities for estimated costs in excess of estimated receipts during liquidation ) ) 

F-11 

Table of Contents 
 KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 December 31, 2022 
 5. 

 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 as follows (in thousands): 
 Changes in net assets in liquidation Change in liquidation value of real estate property after closing costs/disposition fees ) Change in estimated cash flow during liquidation Change in estimated capital expenditures Other changes, net ) Changes in net assets in liquidation ) 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the estimated net realizable value of real estate after estimated closing costs and disposition fees of the Company s remaining office building located in Los Angeles, California Union Bank Plaza decreased by million as the liquidation value was adjusted based on the contractual sales price less estimated closing credits as the property was under contract to sell as of December 31, 2022. However, the decrease in the estimated net realizable value of real estate and the corresponding impact to net assets in liquidation was partially offset by an increase in estimated cash flow of million and a decrease in estimated capital expenditures of million primarily due to a reduction in tenant improvement costs projected to be incurred by the Company through the date of sale of Union Bank Plaza. See Note 9, Subsequent Events Disposition of Union Bank Plaza. As of December 31, 2022, Union Bank Plaza was occupied. Demand for office space in downtown Los Angeles significantly declined as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, with employees continuing to work from home. In addition, with rising interest rates, prospective buyers were challenged to obtain favorable financing, which along with the lower demand for office space, impacted the projected cash flows of the property and the purchase price prospective buyers were willing to pay for the property. 
 The net assets in liquidation as of December 31, 2022 would result in the payment of additional estimated liquidating distributions of approximately per share of common stock to the Company s stockholders of record as of December 31, 2022. This estimate of additional liquidating distributions includes projections of costs and expenses to be incurred during the estimated period required to complete the Plan of Liquidation. There is inherent uncertainty with these estimates and projections. See Note 2, Plan of Liquidation. 

6. 
 rentable square feet with an estimated liquidation value of million, net of deposits received as of December 31, 2022 and exclusive of net operating income to be earned and projected capital expenditures to be incurred over the expected hold period through sale. As of December 31, 2022, Union Bank Plaza was occupied. The Company sold this property on March 30, 2023. See Note 9, Subsequent Events Disposition of Union Bank Plaza. 
 As a result of adopting the liquidation basis of accounting as of February 1, 2020, as of December 31, 2022, Union Bank Plaza was recorded at its estimated liquidation value, which represents the estimated gross amount of cash that the Company will collect through the sale of Union Bank Plaza as it carries out its Plan of Liquidation. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 December 31, 2022 
 7. 

 other business transactions occurred between the Company and KBS REIT III, KBS Growth Income REIT, the Advisor, the Dealer Manager or other KBS-affiliated entities. 
 Reimbursement of operating expenses (1) 
 Disposition fees 
 _____________________ 
 , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and were the only type of employee costs reimbursed under the Advisory Agreement for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company will not reimburse for employee costs in connection with services for which the Advisor earns acquisition, origination or disposition fees (other than reimbursement of travel and communication expenses) or for the salaries or benefits the Advisor or its affiliates may pay to the Company s executive officers. In addition to the amounts above, the Company reimburses the Advisor for certain of the Company s direct costs incurred from third parties that were initially paid by the Advisor on behalf of the Company. The receivable as of December 31, 2021 included million of estimated amounts charged to the Company by certain vendors for services for which the Company believes it was either overcharged or which were never performed. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred millionof legal and accounting costs related to the investigation of this matter. As of December 31, 2022, the Advisor had reimbursed the Company million for amounts inappropriately charged to the Company and for legal and accounting costs incurred related to the investigation of this matter. 
 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 December 31, 2022 
 8. 

9. 
 story office building located in Los Angeles, California containing rentable square feet on approximately acres of land. The Purchaser is unaffiliated with the Company or the Advisor. Pursuant to the Agreement, the sale price for Union Bank Plaza was million, subject to prorations and adjustments as provided in the Agreement. 
 As previously disclosed on Form 8-K, the Company and the Purchaser amended the Agreement on October 14, 2022, November 23, 2022, December 9, 2022, December 29, 2022, January 12, 2023, January 26, 2023, February 10, 2023, February 17, 2023, February 27, 2023, March 6, 2023, March 16, 2023 and March 21, 2023. On March 30, 2023, the Company, through an indirect wholly owned subsidiary, entered into a thirteenth amendment to the Agreement (the Thirteenth Amended Agreement with the Purchaser to extend the closing date to March 30, 2023. Pursuant to the Thirteenth Amended Agreement, if the sale closed by March 30, 2023, then the sale price for Union Bank Plaza was million. In addition, pursuant to the Thirteenth Amended Agreement, the Company was no longer obligated to provide, and the Purchaser was no longer entitled to receive, credits towards the purchase price for outstanding capital expenditures, leasing commissions, tenant improvement allowances and free rent. 
 On March 30, 2023, the Company completed the sale of Union Bank Plaza to the Purchaser for million, before third-party closing costs of approximately million and excluding disposition fees payable to the Advisor. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Newport Beach, State of California, on April 5, 2023. KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC. By: /s/ Charles J. Schreiber, Jr. Charles J. Schreiber, Jr. Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (principal executive officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: Name Title Date /s/ CHARLES J. SCHREIBER, JR. Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (principal executive officer) April 5, 2023 Charles J. Schreiber, Jr. /s/ JEFFREY K. WALDVOGEL Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary (principal financial officer) April 5, 2023 Jeffrey K. Waldvogel /s/ STACIE K. YAMANE Chief Accounting Officer and Assistant Secretary (principal accounting officer) April 5, 2023 Stacie K. Yamane /s/ JEFFREY A. DRITLEY Director April 5, 2023 Jeffrey A. Dritley /s/ STUART A. GABRIEL, PH.D. Director April 5, 2023 Stuart A. Gabriel, Ph.D. /s/ RON D. STURZENEGGER Director April 5, 2023 Ron D. Sturzenegger 

<EX-10.5>
 2
 kbsriiq42022exhibit105.htm
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEEMENT (UNION BANK)

Document 

Exhibit 10.5 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS 
 THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS (this Second Amendment is made as of the 23rd day of November, 2022 Effective Date ), by and between KBSII 445 SOUTH FIGUEROA, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Seller ), and WB UNION PLAZA HOLDINGS LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Buyer ). In consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 RECITALS 
 A. Seller and Buyer are parties to that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated as of July 20, 2022, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Purchase and Sale and Escrow Instructions dated as of October 14, 2022 (as amended, the Purchase Agreement ). All initially-capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. 
 B. Seller and Buyer have agreed to modify the terms of the Purchase Agreement as set forth in this Second Amendment. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intended to be legally bound, Seller and Buyer agree as follows 
 1. Recitals . The Recitals set forth above are hereby incorporated herein by reference as if the same were fully set forth herein. 
 2. Closing Date . The Closing Date shall be, and hereby is, extended from November 30, 2022, at 1 00 p.m. to December 15, 2022, at 1 00 p.m. (California time). 
 3. Reductions in Deposit Extension Fee . As of the Effective Date, the Deposit shall be, and hereby is, reduced by 950,000.00 (the Reduction Amount to 50,000 for avoidance of doubt, all references in the Purchase Agreement to the Deposit shall be deemed to mean and refer to a deposit of 50,000. In consideration of Seller s extending the Closing Date from November 30, 2022 to December 15, 2022 as provided in this Second Amendment, Buyer shall pay to Seller, in cash or current funds, an extension fee (the Extension Fee in the amount of 950,000 by no later than November 28, 2022, and Buyer hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs Escrow Holder to remit the Reduction Amount directly to Seller in payment of the Extension Fee by no later than November 28, 2022. The Extension Fee shall be deemed earned in full upon execution and delivery of this Second Amendment, and concurrently with the Closing, Buyer shall receive a credit against the Purchase Price in the amount of the Extension Fee paid to Seller. Notwithstanding anything stated to the contrary herein or in the Purchase Agreement, the Extension Fee shall not be refundable to Buyer under any circumstances unless Seller fails to sell and convey the Property to Buyer when Seller is obligated to do so under the terms and provisions of the Purchase Agreement. 
 4. Acknowledgment and Release . Buyer hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Purchase Agreement is in full force and effect, and that as of the Effective Date, Seller is 

not in default thereunder, nor has Seller breached any of its covenants or agreements set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Accordingly, subject to the representations and warranties of Seller expressly set forth in Section 11.1 of the Purchase Agreement, Buyer, on behalf of itself and all of its Releasors, hereby expressly waives and releases Seller and the Seller Parties from any and all claims, actions, causes of action, liabilities, losses, damages, costs and or expenses that Buyer and Releasors may now or hereafter have, whether known or unknown, resulting from or relating or, or which may arise from, any actions or inactions of the Seller on or prior to the Effective Date with respect the transaction contemplated under the Purchase Agreement (including without limitation, the conversion of any part of the Deposit to extension fees and Seller s right to receive and retain any such extension fees as set forth in the Purchase Agreement). 
 BUYER, ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND THE OTHER RELEASORS, HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS READ AND IS FAMILIAR WITH THE PROVISIONS OF CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 SECTION 1542 ), WHICH IS SET FORTH BELOW 
 A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY. 
 BY INITIALING BELOW, BUYER, ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND THE OTHER RELEASORS, HEREBY WAIVES THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 1542 SOLELY IN CONNECTION WITH THE MATTERS WHICH ARE THE SUBJECT OF THE FOREGOING WAIVERS AND RELEASES. 
 s JS BUYER S INITIALS 

THE FOREGOING WAIVERS, RELEASES AND AGREEMENTS BY BUYER, ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND THE RELEASORS, SHALL SURVIVE THE CLOSE OF ESCROW AND THE RECORDATION OF THE DEED AND SHALL NOT BE DEEMED MERGED INTO THE DEED UPON ITS RECORDATION. 
 5. Back-Up Offers . Given current circumstances and state of facts with respect to the purchase and sale contemplated under the Purchase Agreement, Buyer acknowledges that, commencing December 1, 2022, Seller may be initiating negotiations with third-parties with respect to the purchase and sale of the Property, or such third parties entering into a joint venture with Buyer, subject to, in all instances, Buyer s right to purchase the Property as provided for under the terms and provisions of the Purchase Agreement provided however , notwithstanding the foregoing, Seller hereby agrees that, for the period of time commencing December 1, 2022 and continuing through December 15, 2022, (a) Seller will limit its initiating negotiations with third-parties with respect to the purchase and sale of the Property, or such third parties entering into a joint venture with Buyer, to no more than 10 potential buyers, the identity 

of each buyer which will be promptly disclosed to Buyer by email to the email addresses set forth in Section 15.1 of the Purchase Agreement as such contacts are made, and (b) Seller shall not, on or before December 15, 2022, accept in writing any offers, or enter into any written agreements, with other parties with respect to the purchase and sale of the Property or any joint venture with respect to the Property, without Buyer s prior written consent, in Buyer s sole and absolute discretion. For avoidance of doubt, none of the limitations set forth above in this section shall be applicable, or binding on Seller, after December 15, 2022, if the transaction fails to close by December 15, 2022. 
 6. Tenant Estoppels . Buyer acknowledges and agrees that the Tenant Estoppel condition referenced in Sections 4.4 and 7.1(e) of the Purchase Agreement has been satisfied for all purposes under the Purchase Agreement. 
 7. Effectiveness of Agreement . Except as modified by this Second Amendment, all the terms of the Purchase Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect. 
 8. Counterparts . This Second Amendment may be executed in counterparts, and all counterparts together shall be construed as one document. 
 9. Telecopied Emailed Signatures . A counterpart of this Second Amendment that is signed by one party to this Second Amendment and telecopied emailed to the other party to this Second Amendment or its counsel (i) shall have the same effect as an original signed counterpart of this Second Amendment, and (ii) shall be conclusive proof, admissible in judicial proceedings, of such party s execution of this Second Amendment. 
 10. Successors and Assigns . All of the terms and conditions of this Second Amendment shall apply to benefit and bind the successors and assigns of the respective parties. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller and Buyer have entered into this Second Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions as of the date first above stated. 
 SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE 

SELLER 
 KBSII 445 SOUTH FIGUEROA, LLC 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By KBSII REIT ACQUISITION XV, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS REIT PROPERTIES II, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP II, 
 a Delaware limited partnership, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC., 
 a Maryland Corporation, 
 its general partner 
 By s Charles J. Schreiber, Jr. 
 Charles J. Schreiber, Jr., 
 Chief Executive Officer 

BUYER 
 WB UNION PLAZA HOLDINGS LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By s Joel Schreiber 
 Name Joel Schreiber 
 Its Member 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 3
 kbsriiq42022exhibit106.htm
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEEMENT (UNION BANK)

Document 

Exhibit 10.6 
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS 
 THIS THIRD AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS (this Third Amendment is made as of the 9 th day of December, 2022 Effective Date ), by and between KBSII 445 SOUTH FIGUEROA, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Seller ), and WB UNION PLAZA HOLDINGS LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Buyer ). In consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 RECITALS 
 A. Seller and Buyer are parties to that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated as of July 20, 2022, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Purchase and Sale and Escrow Instructions dated as of October 14, 2022 and that Second Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated as of November 23, 2022 (as amended, the Purchase Agreement ). All initially-capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. 
 B. Seller and Buyer have agreed to modify the terms of the Purchase Agreement as set forth in this Third Amendment. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intended to be legally bound, Seller and Buyer agree as follows 
 1. Recitals . The Recitals set forth above are hereby incorporated herein by reference as if the same were fully set forth herein. 
 2. Closing Date . The Closing Date shall be, and hereby is, extended from December 15, 2022, at 1 00 p.m. to December 29, 2022, at 1 00 p.m. (California time). 
 3. Effectiveness of Agreement . Except as modified by this Third Amendment, all the terms of the Purchase Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect. 
 4. Counterparts . This Third Amendment may be executed in counterparts, and all counterparts together shall be construed as one document. 
 5. Telecopied Emailed Signatures . A counterpart of this Third Amendment that is signed by one party to this Third Amendment and telecopied emailed to the other party to this Third Amendment or its counsel (i) shall have the same effect as an original signed counterpart of this Third Amendment, and (ii) shall be conclusive proof, admissible in judicial proceedings, of such party s execution of this Third Amendment. 
 6. Successors and Assigns . All of the terms and conditions of this Third Amendment shall apply to benefit and bind the successors and assigns of the respective parties. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller and Buyer have entered into this Third Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions as of the date first above stated. 
 SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE 

SELLER 
 KBSII 445 SOUTH FIGUEROA, LLC 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By KBSII REIT ACQUISITION XV, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS REIT PROPERTIES II, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP II, 
 a Delaware limited partnership, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC., 
 a Maryland Corporation, 
 its general partner 
 By s Charles J. Schreiber, Jr. 
 Charles J. Schreiber, Jr., 
 Chief Executive Officer 

BUYER 
 WB UNION PLAZA HOLDINGS LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By s Joel Schreiber 
 Name Joel Schreiber 
 Its Member 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 4
 kbsriiq42022exhibit107.htm
 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEEMENT (UNION BANK)

Document 

Exhibit 10.7 
 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS 
 THIS FOURTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS (this Fourth Amendment is made as of the 29 th day of December, 2022 Effective Date ), by and between KBSII 445 SOUTH FIGUEROA, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Seller ), and WB UNION PLAZA HOLDINGS LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Buyer ). In consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 RECITALS 
 A. Seller and Buyer are parties to that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated as of July 20, 2022, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Purchase and Sale and Escrow Instructions dated as of October 14, 2022, that Second Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated as of November 23, 2022, that Third Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated as of December 9, 2022 and that certain email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of December 28, 2022, 5 01 p.m. (California time) (as amended, the Purchase Agreement ). All initially-capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. 
 B. Seller and Buyer have agreed to modify the terms of the Purchase Agreement as set forth in this Fourth Amendment. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intended to be legally bound, Seller and Buyer agree as follows 
 1. Recitals . The Recitals set forth above are hereby incorporated herein by reference as if the same were fully set forth herein. 
 2. Closing Date . The Closing Date shall be, and hereby is, extended from December 30, 2022, at 1 00 p.m. to January 5, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time). 
 3. Extension Fee . In consideration of Seller extending the Closing Date as provided above in Paragraph 2 of this Fourth Amendment, Buyer shall, by no later than December 30, 2022, pay to Seller an extension fee by depositing in escrow with Escrow Holder, in cash or current funds, the sum of Fifty Thousand Dollars 50,000.00) (the Extension Fee ), and Buyer hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs Escrow Holder to remit the Extension Fee directly to Seller upon Escrow Holder s receipt of the Extension Fee. The Extension Fee shall be deemed earned in full upon execution and delivery of this Fourth Amendment, and concurrently with the Closing, Buyer shall receive a credit against the Purchase Price in the amount of the Extension Fee paid to Seller. Notwithstanding anything stated to the contrary herein or in the Purchase Agreement, the Extension Fee shall not be refundable to Buyer under any circumstances unless Seller fails to sell and convey the Property to Buyer when Seller is obligated to do so under the terms and provisions of the Purchase Agreement. If Buyer fails to timely deposit the Extension Fee as provided in this Paragraph 3 , then Buyer shall be in default under the Purchase Agreement and Seller shall have the right to terminate the Purchase 

Agreement, in which event the Purchase Agreement shall be null and void and of no further force or effect and neither party shall have any rights or obligations against or to the other except for those provisions thereof which by their terms expressly survive the termination of the Purchase Agreement. 
 4. Credit Towards Purchase Price . In the event the Close of Escrow occurs by no later than January 5, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time), then concurrently with the Close of Escrow, Buyer shall be entitled to a credit towards the Purchase Price in the amount of Fifteen Million Dollars 15,000,000) (the Closing Credit provided, however, notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Close of Escrow does not occur by January 5, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time), then Buyer shall not be entitled to the Closing Credit, and the provisions of this Paragraph 4 shall be null and void and of no further force or effect. 
 5. Effectiveness of Agreement . Except as modified by this Fourth Amendment, all the terms of the Purchase Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect. 
 6. Counterparts . This Fourth Amendment may be executed in counterparts, and all counterparts together shall be construed as one document. 
 7. Telecopied Emailed Signatures . A counterpart of this Fourth Amendment that is signed by one party to this Fourth Amendment and telecopied emailed to the other party to this Fourth Amendment or its counsel (i) shall have the same effect as an original signed counterpart of this Fourth Amendment, and (ii) shall be conclusive proof, admissible in judicial proceedings, of such party s execution of this Fourth Amendment. 
 8. Successors and Assigns . All of the terms and conditions of this Fourth Amendment shall apply to benefit and bind the successors and assigns of the respective parties. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller and Buyer have entered into this Fourth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions as of the date first above stated. 
 SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE 

SELLER 
 KBSII 445 SOUTH FIGUEROA, LLC 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By KBSII REIT ACQUISITION XV, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS REIT PROPERTIES II, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP II, 
 a Delaware limited partnership, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC., 
 a Maryland Corporation, 
 its general partner 
 By s Charles J. Schreiber, Jr. 
 Charles J. Schreiber, Jr., 
 Chief Executive Officer 

BUYER 
 WB UNION PLAZA HOLDINGS LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By s Joel Schreiber 
 Name Joel Schreiber 
 Its Member 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 5
 kbsriiq42022exhibit108.htm
 FIFTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEEMENT (UNION BANK)

Document 

Exhibit 10.8 
 FIFTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS 
 THIS FIFTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS (this Fifth Amendment is made as of the 12 th day of January, 2023 Effective Date ), by and between KBSII 445 SOUTH FIGUEROA, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Seller ), and WB UNION PLAZA HOLDINGS LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Buyer ). In consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 RECITALS 
 A. Seller and Buyer are parties to that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated as of July 20, 2022, as amended by that certain (i) First Amendment to Purchase and Sale and Escrow Instructions dated as of October 14, 2022, (ii) Second Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions Second Amendment dated as of November 23, 2022, (iii) Third Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated as of December 9, 2022, (iv) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of December 28, 2022, 5 01 p.m. (California time), (v) Fourth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions Fourth Amendment ), dated as of December 29, 2022, (vi) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 5, 2023, 12 13 p.m. (California time), (vii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 6, 2023, 11 56 a.m. (California time), (viii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 9, 2023, 11 21 a.m. (California time), (ix) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 10, 2023, 10 44 a.m. (California time) and (x) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 11, 2023, 12 06 p.m. (California time) (as amended, the Purchase Agreement ). All initially-capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. 
 B. Seller and Buyer have agreed to modify the terms of the Purchase Agreement as set forth in this Fifth Amendment. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intended to be legally bound, Seller and Buyer agree as follows 
 1. Recitals . The Recitals set forth above are hereby incorporated herein by reference as if the same were fully set forth herein. 
 2. Closing Date . Subject to the terms and provisions of this Fifth Amendment, the Closing Date shall be, and hereby is, extended from January 12, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. to January 31, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time) provided however, Buyer shall have the right to accelerate the Closing Date to a date no later than January 27, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time) so long as Buyer provides Seller with no less than three (3) business days prior written notice of the accelerated Closing Date. 
 3. Additional Extension Fees . In consideration of Seller extending the Closing Date as provided in Paragraph 2 above, Buyer shall pay to Seller extension fees by 

depositing in escrow with Escrow Holder, in cash or current funds, (a) an initial sum of One Million Dollars 1,000,000.00) (the Additional First Extension Fee by no later than January 17, 2023, and (b) an additional sum of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars 250,000.00) (the Additional Second Extension Fee , and together with the Additional First Extension Fee, each an Additional Extension Fee and collectively, the Additional Extension Fees by no later than January 25, 2023 provided, however, notwithstanding the foregoing or anything stated to the contrary contained herein, in the event the Close of Escrow occurs on or before January 24, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time), then Buyer shall no longer have the obligation to pay to Seller the Additional Second Extension Fee as provided above. Buyer hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs Escrow Holder to remit each Additional Extension Fee directly to Seller upon Escrow Holder s receipt of such Additional Extension Fee. The Additional Extension Fees shall be deemed earned in full upon execution and delivery of this Fifth Amendment, and concurrently with the Closing, Buyer shall receive a credit against the Purchase Price in the amount of any Additional Extension Fees received by Seller under this Paragraph 3 . Notwithstanding anything stated to the contrary herein or in the Purchase Agreement, the Additional Extension Fees, once made, shall not be refundable to Buyer under any circumstances unless Seller fails to sell and convey the Property to Buyer when Seller is obligated to do so under the terms and provisions of the Purchase Agreement. If Buyer fails to timely deposit any Additional Extension Fee as provided in this Paragraph 3 , then Buyer shall be in default under the Purchase Agreement and Seller shall have the right to terminate the Purchase Agreement and exercise all other right and remedies under the Purchase Agreement. 
 4. Credit Towards Purchase Price . Concurrently with the Close of Escrow, Buyer shall be entitled to a credit towards the Purchase Price in the amount of Thirteen Million Dollars 13,000,000) Closing Credit Amount provided, however, in the event Buyer accelerates the Closing Date to a date no later than January 27, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time) in accordance with the terms and provisions of Paragraph 2 above, then the Closing Credit Amount shall be increased from Thirteen Million Dollars 13,000,000) to Fifteen Million Dollars 15,000,000). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Close of Escrow does not occur by January 31, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time), then Buyer shall not be entitled to any credit under this Paragraph 4 , and the provisions of this Paragraph 4 shall be null and void and of no further force or effect. Buyer acknowledges and agrees that the provisions of Paragraph 4 of the Fourth Amendment were not complied with, and therefore, the provisions of said paragraph automatically became null and void on January 5, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time). 
 5. Acknowledgment and Release . Buyer hereby reaffirms the provisions of Paragraph 4 of the Second Amendment, and the waivers, releases and agreements by Buyer thereunder shall be deemed remade as of the Effective Date of this Fifth Amendment. 
 6. Effectiveness of Agreement . Except as modified by this Fifth Amendment, all the terms of the Purchase Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect. 
 7. Counterparts . This Fifth Amendment may be executed in counterparts, and all counterparts together shall be construed as one document. 

8. Telecopied Emailed Signatures . A counterpart of this Fifth Amendment that is signed by one party to this Fifth Amendment and telecopied emailed to the other party to this Fifth Amendment or its counsel (i) shall have the same effect as an original signed counterpart of this Fifth Amendment, and (ii) shall be conclusive proof, admissible in judicial proceedings, of such party s execution of this Fifth Amendment. 
 9. Successors and Assigns . All of the terms and conditions of this Fifth Amendment shall apply to benefit and bind the successors and assigns of the respective parties. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller and Buyer have entered into this Fifth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions as of the date first above stated. 
 SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE 

SELLER 
 KBSII 445 SOUTH FIGUEROA, LLC 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By KBSII REIT ACQUISITION XV, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS REIT PROPERTIES II, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP II, 
 a Delaware limited partnership, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC., 
 a Maryland Corporation, 
 its general partner 
 By s Charles J. Schreiber, Jr. 
 Charles J. Schreiber, Jr., 
 Chief Executive Officer 

BUYER 
 WB UNION PLAZA HOLDINGS LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By s Joel Schreiber 
 Name Joel Schreiber 
 Its Member 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 6
 kbsriiq42022exhibit109.htm
 SIXTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEEMENT (UNION BANK)

Document 

Exhibit 10.9 
 SIXTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS 
 THIS SIXTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS (this Sixth Amendment is made as of the 26th day of January, 2023 Effective Date ), by and between KBSII 445 SOUTH FIGUEROA, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Seller ), and WB UNION PLAZA HOLDINGS LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Buyer ). In consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 RECITALS 
 A. Seller and Buyer are parties to that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated as of July 20, 2022, as amended by that certain (i) First Amendment to Purchase and Sale and Escrow Instructions dated as of October 14, 2022, (ii) Second Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions Second Amendment dated as of November 23, 2022, (iii) Third Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated as of December 9, 2022, (iv) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of December 28, 2022, 5 01 p.m. (California time), (v) Fourth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of December 29, 2022, (vi) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 5, 2023, 12 13 p.m. (California time), (vii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 6, 2023, 11 56 a.m. (California time), (viii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 9, 2023, 11 21 a.m. (California time), (ix) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 10, 2023, 10 44 a.m. (California time), (x) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 11, 2023, 12 06 p.m. (California time), (xi) Fifth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions Fifth Amendment ), dated as of January 12, 2023, and (xii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel Email Amendment ), dated as of January 25, 2023, 12 28 p.m. (California time) (as amended, the Purchase Agreement ). All initially-capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. 
 B. Seller and Buyer have agreed to modify the terms of the Purchase Agreement as set forth in this Sixth Amendment. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intended to be legally bound, Seller and Buyer agree as follows 
 1. Recitals . The Recitals set forth above are hereby incorporated herein by reference as if the same were fully set forth herein. 
 2. Closing Date . Subject to the terms and provisions of this Sixth Amendment and Buyer s funding of the Additional Second Extension Fee to Escrow Holder as required by the provisions of the Fifth Amendment and Email Amendment, the Closing Date shall be, and hereby is, extended from January 31, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. to February 14, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time) provided however, Buyer shall have the right to accelerate the 

Closing Date to January 27, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time) so long as Buyer provides Seller with written notice of such accelerated Closing Date by no later than 5 00 p.m. (California time) on the Effective Date. 
 3. Credit Towards Purchase Price . Buyer acknowledges that the Purchase Price is 155,000,000 provided, however, Seller hereby agrees that, concurrently with the Close of Escrow, Buyer shall be entitled to a credit towards the Purchase Price in the amount of Thirteen Million Dollars 13,000,000) Closing Credit Amount provided further, however, in the event Buyer accelerates the Closing Date to January 27, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time) in accordance with the terms and provisions of Paragraph 2 above, then the Closing Credit Amount shall be increased from Thirteen Million Dollars 13,000,000) to Fifteen Million Dollars 15,000,000). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Close of Escrow does not occur by February 14, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time), then Buyer shall not be entitled to any credit under this Paragraph 3 , and the provisions of this Paragraph 3 shall be null and void and of no further force or effect. In furtherance of the foregoing, the provisions of Paragraph 4 of the Fifth Amendment shall be, and hereby is, deleted and is no longer of any force or effect. 
 4. Acknowledgment and Release . Buyer hereby reaffirms the provisions of Paragraph 4 of the Second Amendment, and the waivers, releases and agreements by Buyer thereunder shall be deemed remade as of the Effective Date of this Sixth Amendment. 
 5. Effectiveness of Agreement . Except as modified by this Sixth Amendment, all the terms of the Purchase Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect. 
 6. Counterparts . This Sixth Amendment may be executed in counterparts, and all counterparts together shall be construed as one document. 
 7. Telecopied Emailed Signatures . A counterpart of this Sixth Amendment that is signed by one party to this Sixth Amendment and telecopied emailed to the other party to this Sixth Amendment or its counsel (i) shall have the same effect as an original signed counterpart of this Sixth Amendment, and (ii) shall be conclusive proof, admissible in judicial proceedings, of such party s execution of this Sixth Amendment. 
 8. Successors and Assigns . All of the terms and conditions of this Sixth Amendment shall apply to benefit and bind the successors and assigns of the respective parties. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller and Buyer have entered into this Sixth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions as of the date first above stated. 
 SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE 

SELLER 
 KBSII 445 SOUTH FIGUEROA, LLC 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By KBSII REIT ACQUISITION XV, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS REIT PROPERTIES II, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP II, 
 a Delaware limited partnership, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC., 
 a Maryland Corporation, 
 its general partner 
 By s Charles J. Schreiber, Jr. 
 Charles J. Schreiber, Jr., 
 Chief Executive Officer 

BUYER 
 WB UNION PLAZA HOLDINGS LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By s Joel Schreiber 
 Name Joel Schreiber 
 Its Member 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 7
 kbsriiq42022exhibit1010.htm
 SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEEMENT (UNION BANK)

Document 

Exhibit 10.10 
 SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT 
 AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS 
 THIS SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS (this Seventh Amendment is made as of the 10th day of February, 2023 Effective Date ), by and between KBSII 445 SOUTH FIGUEROA, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Seller ), and WB UNION PLAZA HOLDINGS LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Buyer ). In consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 RECITALS 
 A. Seller and Buyer are parties to that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated as of July 20, 2022, as amended by that certain (i) First Amendment to Purchase and Sale and Escrow Instructions dated as of October 14, 2022, (ii) Second Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions Second Amendment dated as of November 23, 2022, (iii) Third Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated as of December 9, 2022, (iv) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of December 28, 2022, 5 01 p.m. (California time), (v) Fourth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of December 29, 2022, (vi) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 5, 2023, 12 13 p.m. (California time), (vii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 6, 2023, 11 56 a.m. (California time), (viii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 9, 2023, 11 21 a.m. (California time), (ix) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 10, 2023, 10 44 a.m. (California time), (x) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 11, 2023, 12 06 p.m. (California time), (xi) Fifth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of January 12, 2023, (xii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel, dated as of January 25, 2023, 12 28 p.m. (California time), and (xii) Sixth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions Sixth Amendment ), dated as of January 26, 2023 (as amended, the Purchase Agreement ). All initially-capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. 
 B. Seller and Buyer have agreed to modify the terms of the Purchase Agreement as set forth in this Seventh Amendment. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intended to be legally bound, Seller and Buyer agree as follows 
 1. Recitals . The Recitals set forth above are hereby incorporated herein by reference as if the same were fully set forth herein. 
 2. Closing Date . Subject to the terms and provisions of this Seventh Amendment, the Closing Date shall be, and hereby is, extended from February 14, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. to February 21, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time). 

3. Additional Extension Fee . In consideration of Seller extending the Closing Date as provided in Paragraph 2 above, Buyer shall pay to Seller an extension fee by depositing in escrow with Escrow Holder, in cash or current funds, a sum of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars 250,000.00) (the Additional Extension Fee by no later than February 15, 2023. Buyer hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs Escrow Holder to remit each Additional Extension Fee directly to Seller upon Escrow Holder s receipt of such Additional Extension Fee. The Additional Extension Fee shall be deemed earned in full upon execution and delivery of this Seventh Amendment, and concurrently with the Closing, Buyer shall receive a credit against the Purchase Price in the amount of the Additional Extension Fee to the extent received by Seller under this Paragraph 3 . Notwithstanding anything stated to the contrary herein or in the Purchase Agreement, the Additional Extension Fee, once made, shall not be refundable to Buyer under any circumstances unless Seller fails to sell and convey the Property to Buyer when Seller is obligated to do so under the terms and provisions of the Purchase Agreement. If Buyer fails to timely deposit the Additional Extension Fee as provided in this Paragraph 3 , then Buyer shall be in default under the Purchase Agreement and Seller shall have the right to terminate the Purchase Agreement and exercise all other rights and remedies under the Purchase Agreement. 
 4. Credit Towards Purchase Price . Paragraph 3 of the Sixth Amendment shall be, and hereby is, deleted in its entirety and the following paragraph shall be substituted in its place 
 3. Credit Towards Purchase Price . Buyer acknowledges that the Purchase Price is 155,000,000 provided, however, Seller hereby agrees that, concurrently with the Close of Escrow, Buyer shall be entitled to a credit towards the Purchase Price in the amount of Thirteen Million Dollars 13,000,000) Closing Credit Amount ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Close of Escrow does not occur by February 21, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time), then Buyer shall not be entitled to any credit under this Paragraph 3 , and the provisions of this Paragraph 3 shall be null and void and of no further force or effect. In furtherance of the foregoing, the provisions of Paragraph 4 of the Fifth Amendment shall be, and hereby is, deleted and is no longer of any force or effect. 
 
 5. Acknowledgment and Release . Buyer hereby reaffirms the provisions of Paragraph 4 of the Second Amendment, and the waivers, releases and agreements by Buyer thereunder shall be deemed remade as of the Effective Date of this Seventh Amendment. 
 6. Effectiveness of Agreement . Except as modified by this Seventh Amendment, all the terms of the Purchase Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect. 
 7. Counterparts . This Seventh Amendment may be executed in counterparts, and all counterparts together shall be construed as one document. 
 8. Telecopied Emailed Signatures . A counterpart of this Seventh Amendment that is signed by one party to this Seventh Amendment and telecopied emailed to the other party to this Seventh Amendment or its counsel (i) shall have the same effect as an 

original signed counterpart of this Seventh Amendment, and (ii) shall be conclusive proof, admissible in judicial proceedings, of such party s execution of this Seventh Amendment. 
 9. Successors and Assigns . All of the terms and conditions of this Seventh Amendment shall apply to benefit and bind the successors and assigns of the respective parties. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller and Buyer have entered into this Seventh Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions as of the date first above stated. 
 SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE 

SELLER 
 KBSII 445 SOUTH FIGUEROA, LLC 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By KBSII REIT ACQUISITION XV, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS REIT PROPERTIES II, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP II, 
 a Delaware limited partnership, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC., 
 a Maryland Corporation, 
 its general partner 
 By s Charles J. Schreiber, Jr. 
 Charles J. Schreiber, Jr., 
 Chief Executive Officer 

BUYER 
 WB UNION PLAZA HOLDINGS LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By s Joel Schreiber 
 Name Joel Schreiber 
 Its Member 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 8
 kbsriiq42022exhibit1011.htm
 EIGHTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEEMENT (UNION BANK)

Document 

Exhibit 10.11 
 EIGHTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS 
 THIS EIGHTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS (this Eighth Amendment is made as of the 17 day of February, 2023 Effective Date ), by and between KBSII 445 SOUTH FIGUEROA, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Seller ), and WB UNION PLAZA HOLDINGS LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Buyer ). In consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 RECITALS 
 A. Seller and Buyer are parties to that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated as of July 20, 2022, as amended by that certain (i) First Amendment to Purchase and Sale and Escrow Instructions dated as of October 14, 2022, (ii) Second Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions Second Amendment dated as of November 23, 2022, (iii) Third Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated as of December 9, 2022, (iv) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of December 28, 2022, 5 01 p.m. (California time), (v) Fourth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of December 29, 2022, (vi) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 5, 2023, 12 13 p.m. (California time), (vii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 6, 2023, 11 56 a.m. (California time), (viii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 9, 2023, 11 21 a.m. (California time), (ix) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 10, 2023, 10 44 a.m. (California time), (x) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 11, 2023, 12 06 p.m. (California time), (xi) Fifth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of January 12, 2023, (xii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel, dated as of January 25, 2023, 12 28 p.m. (California time), (xiii) Sixth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions Sixth Amendment ), dated as of January 26, 2023, and (ix) Seventh Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of February 10, 2023 (as amended, the Purchase Agreement ). All initially-capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. 
 B. Seller and Buyer have agreed to modify the terms of the Purchase Agreement as set forth in this Eighth Amendment. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intended to be legally bound, Seller and Buyer agree as follows 
 1. Recitals . The Recitals set forth above are hereby incorporated herein by reference as if the same were fully set forth herein. 
 2. Closing Date . Subject to the terms and provisions of this Eighth Amendment, the Closing Date shall be, and hereby is, extended from February 21, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. to February 28, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time). 
 ADMIN 684959122v1 

3. Additional Extension Fee . In consideration of Seller extending the Closing Date as provided in Paragraph 2 above, Buyer shall pay to Seller an extension fee by depositing in escrow with Escrow Holder, in cash or current funds, a sum of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars 250,000.00) (the Additional Extension Fee by no later than February 22, 2023. Buyer hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs Escrow Holder to remit the Additional Extension Fee directly to Seller upon Escrow Holder s receipt of such Additional Extension Fee. The Additional Extension Fee shall be deemed earned in full upon execution and delivery of this Eighth Amendment, and concurrently with the Closing, Buyer shall receive a credit against the Purchase Price in the amount of the Additional Extension Fee to the extent received by Seller under this Paragraph 3 . Notwithstanding anything stated to the contrary herein or in the Purchase Agreement, the Additional Extension Fee, once made, shall not be refundable to Buyer under any circumstances unless Seller fails to sell and convey the Property to Buyer when Seller is obligated to do so under the terms and provisions of the Purchase Agreement. If Buyer fails to timely deposit the Additional Extension Fee as provided in this Paragraph 3 , then Buyer shall be in default under the Purchase Agreement and Seller shall have the right to terminate the Purchase Agreement and exercise all other rights and remedies under the Purchase Agreement. 
 4. Credit Towards Purchase Price . Paragraph 3 of the Sixth Amendment shall be, and hereby is, deleted in its entirety and the following paragraph shall be substituted in its place 
 3. Credit Towards Purchase Price . Buyer acknowledges that the Purchase Price is 155,000,000 provided, however, Seller hereby agrees that, concurrently with the Close of Escrow, Buyer shall be entitled to a credit towards the Purchase Price in the amount of Thirteen Million Dollars 13,000,000) Closing Credit Amount ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Close of Escrow does not occur by February 28, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time), then Buyer shall not be entitled to any credit under this Paragraph 3 , and the provisions of this Paragraph 3 shall be null and void and of no further force or effect. In furtherance of the foregoing, the provisions of Paragraph 4 of the Fifth Amendment shall be, and hereby is, deleted and is no longer of any force or effect. 
 
 5. Acknowledgment and Release . Buyer hereby reaffirms the provisions of Paragraph 4 of the Second Amendment, and the waivers, releases and agreements by Buyer thereunder shall be deemed remade as of the Effective Date of this Eighth Amendment. 
 6. Effectiveness of Agreement . Except as modified by this Eighth Amendment, all the terms of the Purchase Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect. 
 7. Counterparts . This Eighth Amendment may be executed in counterparts, and all counterparts together shall be construed as one document. 
 8. Telecopied Emailed Signatures . A counterpart of this Eighth Amendment that is signed by one party to this Eighth Amendment and telecopied emailed to the other party to this Eighth Amendment or its counsel (i) shall have the same effect as an original 

signed counterpart of this Eighth Amendment, and (ii) shall be conclusive proof, admissible in judicial proceedings, of such party s execution of this Eighth Amendment. 
 9. Successors and Assigns . All of the terms and conditions of this Eighth Amendment shall apply to benefit and bind the successors and assigns of the respective parties. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller and Buyer have entered into this Eighth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions as of the date first above stated. 
 SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE 

SELLER 
 KBSII 445 SOUTH FIGUEROA, LLC 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By KBSII REIT ACQUISITION XV, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS REIT PROPERTIES II, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP II, 
 a Delaware limited partnership, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC., 
 a Maryland Corporation, 
 its general partner 
 By s Charles J. Schreiber, Jr. 
 Charles J. Schreiber, Jr., 
 Chief Executive Officer 

BUYER 
 WB UNION PLAZA HOLDINGS LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By s Joel Schreiber 
 Name Joel Schreiber 
 Its Member 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 9
 kbsriiq42022exhibit1012.htm
 NINTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEEMENT (UNION BANK)

Document 

Exhibit 10.12 
 NINTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS 
 THIS NINTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS (this Ninth Amendment is made as of the 27 th day of February, 2023 Effective Date ), by and between KBSII 445 SOUTH FIGUEROA, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Seller ), and WB UNION PLAZA HOLDINGS LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Buyer ). In consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 RECITALS 
 A. Seller and Buyer are parties to that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated as of July 20, 2022, as amended by that certain (i) First Amendment to Purchase and Sale and Escrow Instructions dated as of October 14, 2022, (ii) Second Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions Second Amendment dated as of November 23, 2022, (iii) Third Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated as of December 9, 2022, (iv) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of December 28, 2022, 5 01 p.m. (California time), (v) Fourth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of December 29, 2022, (vi) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 5, 2023, 12 13 p.m. (California time), (vii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 6, 2023, 11 56 a.m. (California time), (viii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 9, 2023, 11 21 a.m. (California time), (ix) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 10, 2023, 10 44 a.m. (California time), (x) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 11, 2023, 12 06 p.m. (California time), (xi) Fifth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of January 12, 2023, (xii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel, dated as of January 25, 2023, 12 28 p.m. (California time), (xiii) Sixth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions Sixth Amendment ), dated as of January 26, 2023, (xiv) Seventh Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of February 10, 2023, and (xv) Eighth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of February 17, 2023 (as amended, the Purchase Agreement ). All initially-capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. 
 B. Seller and Buyer have agreed to modify the terms of the Purchase Agreement as set forth in this Ninth Amendment. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intended to be legally bound, Seller and Buyer agree as follows 
 1. Recitals . The Recitals set forth above are hereby incorporated herein by reference as if the same were fully set forth herein. 

2. Closing Date . Subject to the terms and provisions of this Ninth Amendment, the Closing Date shall be, and hereby is, extended from February 28, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. to March 8, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time). 
 3. Additional Extension Fee . In consideration of Seller extending the Closing Date as provided in Paragraph 2 above, Buyer shall pay to Seller an extension fee by depositing in escrow with Escrow Holder, in cash or current funds, a sum of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars 250,000.00) (the Additional Extension Fee by no later than March 1, 2023. Buyer hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs Escrow Holder to remit the Additional Extension Fee directly to Seller upon Escrow Holder s receipt of such Additional Extension Fee. The Additional Extension Fee shall be deemed earned in full upon execution and delivery of this Ninth Amendment, and concurrently with the Closing, Buyer shall receive a credit against the Purchase Price in the amount of the Additional Extension Fee to the extent received by Seller under this Paragraph 3 . Notwithstanding anything stated to the contrary herein or in the Purchase Agreement, the Additional Extension Fee, once made, shall not be refundable to Buyer under any circumstances unless Seller fails to sell and convey the Property to Buyer when Seller is obligated to do so under the terms and provisions of the Purchase Agreement. If Buyer fails to timely deposit the Additional Extension Fee as provided in this Paragraph 3 , then Buyer shall be in default under the Purchase Agreement and Seller shall have the right to terminate the Purchase Agreement and exercise all other rights and remedies under the Purchase Agreement. 
 4. Credit Towards Purchase Price . Paragraph 3 of the Sixth Amendment shall be, and hereby is, deleted in its entirety and the following paragraph shall be substituted in its place 
 3. Credit Towards Purchase Price . Buyer acknowledges that the Purchase Price is 155,000,000 provided, however, Seller hereby agrees that, concurrently with the Close of Escrow, Buyer shall be entitled to a credit towards the Purchase Price in the amount of Thirteen Million Dollars 13,000,000) Closing Credit Amount ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Close of Escrow does not occur by March 8, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time), then Buyer shall not be entitled to any credit under this Paragraph 3 , and the provisions of this Paragraph 3 shall be null and void and of no further force or effect. In furtherance of the foregoing, the provisions of Paragraph 4 of the Fifth Amendment shall be, and hereby is, deleted and is no longer of any force or effect. 
 5. Acknowledgment and Release . Buyer hereby reaffirms the provisions of Paragraph 4 of the Second Amendment, and the waivers, releases and agreements by Buyer thereunder shall be deemed remade as of the Effective Date of this Ninth Amendment. 
 6. Effectiveness of Agreement . Except as modified by this Ninth Amendment, all the terms of the Purchase Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect. 
 7. Counterparts . This Ninth Amendment may be executed in counterparts, and all counterparts together shall be construed as one document. 

8. Telecopied Emailed Signatures . A counterpart of this Ninth Amendment that is signed by one party to this Ninth Amendment and telecopied emailed to the other party to this Ninth Amendment or its counsel (i) shall have the same effect as an original signed counterpart of this Ninth Amendment, and (ii) shall be conclusive proof, admissible in judicial proceedings, of such party s execution of this Ninth Amendment. 
 9. Successors and Assigns . All of the terms and conditions of this Ninth Amendment shall apply to benefit and bind the successors and assigns of the respective parties. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller and Buyer have entered into this Ninth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions as of the date first above stated. 
 SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE 

SELLER 
 KBSII 445 SOUTH FIGUEROA, LLC 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By KBSII REIT ACQUISITION XV, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS REIT PROPERTIES II, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP II, 
 a Delaware limited partnership, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC., 
 a Maryland Corporation, 
 its general partner 
 By s Charles J. Schreiber, Jr. 
 Charles J. Schreiber, Jr., 
 Chief Executive Officer 

BUYER 
 WB UNION PLAZA HOLDINGS LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By s Joel Schreiber 
 Name Joel Schreiber 
 Its Member 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 10
 kbsriiq42022exhibit1013.htm
 TENTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEEMENT (UNION BANK)

Document 

Exhibit 10.13 
 TENTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT 
 AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS 
 THIS TENTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS (this Tenth Amendment is made as of the 6 th day of March, 2023 Effective Date ), by and between KBSII 445 SOUTH FIGUEROA, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Seller ), and WB UNION PLAZA HOLDINGS LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Buyer ). In consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 RECITALS 
 A. Seller and Buyer are parties to that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated as of July 20, 2022, as amended by that certain (i) First Amendment to Purchase and Sale and Escrow Instructions dated as of October 14, 2022, (ii) Second Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions Second Amendment dated as of November 23, 2022, (iii) Third Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated as of December 9, 2022, (iv) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of December 28, 2022, 5 01 p.m. (California time), (v) Fourth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of December 29, 2022, (vi) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 5, 2023, 12 13 p.m. (California time), (vii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 6, 2023, 11 56 a.m. (California time), (viii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 9, 2023, 11 21 a.m. (California time), (ix) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 10, 2023, 10 44 a.m. (California time), (x) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 11, 2023, 12 06 p.m. (California time), (xi) Fifth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of January 12, 2023, (xii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel, dated as of January 25, 2023, 12 28 p.m. (California time), (xiii) Sixth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions Sixth Amendment ), dated as of January 26, 2023, (xiv) Seventh Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of February 10, 2023, (xv) Eighth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of February 17, 2023, and (xvi) Ninth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of February 27, 2023 (as amended, the Purchase Agreement ). All initially-capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. 
 B. Seller and Buyer have agreed to modify the terms of the Purchase Agreement as set forth in this Tenth Amendment. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intended to be legally bound, Seller and Buyer agree as follows 
 1. Recitals . The Recitals set forth above are hereby incorporated herein by reference as if the same were fully set forth herein. 

2. Closing Date . Subject to the terms and provisions of this Tenth Amendment, the Closing Date shall be, and hereby is, extended from March 8, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. to March 15, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time). 
 3. Additional Extension Fee . In consideration of Seller extending the Closing Date as provided in Paragraph 2 above, Buyer shall pay to Seller an extension fee by depositing in escrow with Escrow Holder, in cash or current funds, a sum of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars 250,000.00) (the Additional Extension Fee by no later than March 8, 2023. Buyer hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs Escrow Holder to remit the Additional Extension Fee directly to Seller upon Escrow Holder s receipt of such Additional Extension Fee. The Additional Extension Fee shall be deemed earned in full upon execution and delivery of this Tenth Amendment, and concurrently with the Closing, Buyer shall receive a credit against the Purchase Price in the amount of the Additional Extension Fee to the extent received by Seller under this Paragraph 3 . Notwithstanding anything stated to the contrary herein or in the Purchase Agreement, the Additional Extension Fee, once made, shall not be refundable to Buyer under any circumstances unless Seller fails to sell and convey the Property to Buyer when Seller is obligated to do so under the terms and provisions of the Purchase Agreement. If Buyer fails to timely deposit the Additional Extension Fee as provided in this Paragraph 3 , then Buyer shall be in default under the Purchase Agreement and Seller shall have the right to terminate the Purchase Agreement and exercise all other rights and remedies under the Purchase Agreement. 
 4. Credit Towards Purchase Price . Paragraph 3 of the Sixth Amendment shall be, and hereby is, deleted in its entirety and the following paragraph shall be substituted in its place 
 3. Credit Towards Purchase Price . Buyer acknowledges that the Purchase Price is 155,000,000 provided, however, Seller hereby agrees that, concurrently with the Close of Escrow, Buyer shall be entitled to a credit towards the Purchase Price in the amount of Thirteen Million Dollars 13,000,000) Closing Credit Amount ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Close of Escrow does not occur by March 15, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time), then Buyer shall not be entitled to any credit under this Paragraph 3 , and the provisions of this Paragraph 3 shall be null and void and of no further force or effect. In furtherance of the foregoing, the provisions of Paragraph 4 of the Fifth Amendment shall be, and hereby is, deleted and is no longer of any force or effect. 
 5. Acknowledgment and Release . Buyer hereby reaffirms the provisions of Paragraph 4 of the Second Amendment, and the waivers, releases and agreements by Buyer thereunder shall be deemed remade as of the Effective Date of this Tenth Amendment. 
 6. Effectiveness of Agreement . Except as modified by this Tenth Amendment, all the terms of the Purchase Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect. 
 7. Counterparts . This Tenth Amendment may be executed in counterparts, and all counterparts together shall be construed as one document. 

8. Telecopied Emailed Signatures . A counterpart of this Tenth Amendment that is signed by one party to this Tenth Amendment and telecopied emailed to the other party to this Tenth Amendment or its counsel (i) shall have the same effect as an original signed counterpart of this Tenth Amendment, and (ii) shall be conclusive proof, admissible in judicial proceedings, of such party s execution of this Tenth Amendment. 
 9. Successors and Assigns . All of the terms and conditions of this Tenth Amendment shall apply to benefit and bind the successors and assigns of the respective parties. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller and Buyer have entered into this Tenth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions as of the date first above stated. 
 SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE 

SELLER 
 KBSII 445 SOUTH FIGUEROA, LLC 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By KBSII REIT ACQUISITION XV, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS REIT PROPERTIES II, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP II, 
 a Delaware limited partnership, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC., 
 a Maryland Corporation, 
 its general partner 
 By s Charles J. Schreiber, Jr. 
 Charles J. Schreiber, Jr., 
 Chief Executive Officer 

BUYER 
 WB UNION PLAZA HOLDINGS LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By s Joel Schreiber 
 Name Joel Schreiber 
 Its Member 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 11
 kbsriiq42022exhibit1014.htm
 ELEVENTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEEMENT (UNION BANK)

Document 

Exhibit 10.14 
 ELEVENTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT 
 AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS 
 THIS ELEVENTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS (this Eleventh Amendment is made as of the 16 th day of March, 2023 Effective Date ), by and between KBSII 445 SOUTH FIGUEROA, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Seller ), and WB UNION PLAZA HOLDINGS LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Buyer ). In consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 RECITALS 
 A. Seller and Buyer are parties to that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated as of July 20, 2022, as amended by that certain (i) First Amendment to Purchase and Sale and Escrow Instructions dated as of October 14, 2022, (ii) Second Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions Second Amendment dated as of November 23, 2022, (iii) Third Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated as of December 9, 2022, (iv) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of December 28, 2022, 5 01 p.m. (California time), (v) Fourth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of December 29, 2022, (vi) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 5, 2023, 12 13 p.m. (California time), (vii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 6, 2023, 11 56 a.m. (California time), (viii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 9, 2023, 11 21 a.m. (California time), (ix) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 10, 2023, 10 44 a.m. (California time), (x) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 11, 2023, 12 06 p.m. (California time), (xi) Fifth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of January 12, 2023, (xii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel, dated as of January 25, 2023, 12 28 p.m. (California time), (xiii) Sixth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions Sixth Amendment ), dated as of January 26, 2023, (xiv) Seventh Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of February 10, 2023, (xv) Eighth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of February 17, 2023, (xvi) Ninth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of February 27, 2023, (xvii) Tenth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of March 6, 2023, and (xviii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of March 15, 2023, 11 23 a.m. (California time) (as amended, the Purchase Agreement ). All initially-capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. 
 B. Seller and Buyer have agreed to modify the terms of the Purchase Agreement as set forth in this Eleventh Amendment. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intended to be legally bound, Seller and Buyer agree as follows 
 1. Recitals . The Recitals set forth above are hereby incorporated herein by reference as if the same were fully set forth herein. 

2. Closing Date . Subject to the terms and provisions of this Eleventh Amendment, the Closing Date shall be, and hereby is, extended from March 16, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. to March 22, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time). 
 3. Additional Extension Fee . In consideration of Seller extending the Closing Date as provided in Paragraph 2 above, Buyer shall pay to Seller an extension fee by depositing in escrow with Escrow Holder, in cash or current funds, a sum of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars 250,000.00) (the Additional Extension Fee by no later than March 16, 2023. Buyer hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs Escrow Holder to remit the Additional Extension Fee directly to Seller upon Escrow Holder s receipt of such Additional Extension Fee. The Additional Extension Fee shall be deemed earned in full upon execution and delivery of this Eleventh Amendment, and concurrently with the Closing, Buyer shall receive a credit against the Purchase Price in the amount of the Additional Extension Fee to the extent received by Seller under this Paragraph 3 . Notwithstanding anything stated to the contrary herein or in the Purchase Agreement, the Additional Extension Fee, once made, shall not be refundable to Buyer under any circumstances unless Seller fails to sell and convey the Property to Buyer when Seller is obligated to do so under the terms and provisions of the Purchase Agreement. If Buyer fails to timely deposit the Additional Extension Fee as provided in this Paragraph 3 , then Buyer shall be in default under the Purchase Agreement and Seller shall have the right to terminate the Purchase Agreement and exercise all other rights and remedies under the Purchase Agreement. 
 4. Credit Towards Purchase Price . Paragraph 3 of the Sixth Amendment shall be, and hereby is, deleted in its entirety and the following paragraph shall be substituted in its place 
 3. Credit Towards Purchase Price . Buyer acknowledges that the Purchase Price is 155,000,000 provided, however, Seller hereby agrees that, concurrently with the Close of Escrow, Buyer shall be entitled to a credit towards the Purchase Price in the amount of Thirteen Million Dollars 13,000,000) Closing Credit Amount ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Close of Escrow does not occur by March 22, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time), then Buyer shall not be entitled to any credit under this Paragraph 3 , and the provisions of this Paragraph 3 shall be null and void and of no further force or effect. In furtherance of the foregoing, the provisions of Paragraph 4 of the Fifth Amendment shall be, and hereby is, deleted and is no longer of any force or effect. 
 5. Acknowledgment and Release . Buyer hereby reaffirms the provisions of Paragraph 4 of the Second Amendment, and the waivers, releases and agreements by Buyer thereunder shall be deemed remade as of the Effective Date of this Eleventh Amendment. 
 6. Restraining Notice Indemnity . 
 (a) Reference is hereby made to that certain Restraining Notice and Information Subpoena and accompanying Questions and Answers in Connection with Information Subpoena, 

dated as of March 8, 2023 under Index No. 655024 2017, with respect to 152-154 Spring Street Retail LLC (the Judgement Creditor ), as plaintiff vs. Joel Schreiber and Waterbridge Capital LLC, as defendants (the Restraining Notice ), a copy of which was emailed to Seller and Seller s affiliate, KBS Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc. KBS on March 8, 2023. Notwithstanding Seller s agreeing to extend the Closing Date as provided above, Seller hereby expressly reserves (and Buyer acknowledges and understands that Seller is not waving and is expressly preserving) all rights and remedies available to Seller under the terms and provisions of the Purchase Agreement that may now (or may hereafter) exist based upon Seller s and KBS receipt of the Restraining Notice, including, without limitation, any rights and remedies available to Seller due to a failed condition to closing under the provisions of Section 7.2 of the Purchase Agreement. 
 (b) Buyer hereby covenants and agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Seller and KBS harmless from and against any and all costs, expenses, damages and or liabilities incurred by Seller and or KBS arising from Seller s and KBS receipt of the Restraining Notice, including, without limitation, Buyer s reimbursement of Seller s reasonable legal fees and other costs as provided in Section 15.5 of the Purchase Agreement. 
 The terms and provisions of this Section 6 shall survive the Close of Escrow or the earlier termination of the Purchase Agreement. 
 7. Notice . Section 15.1 of the Purchase Agreement is amended by removing Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP (and its contact information) and replacing it with 
 Neuberger, Quinn, Gielen, Rubin & Gibber, P.A. 
 One South Street, 27 th Floor 
 Baltimore, MD 21202 
 Attn Isaac M. Neuberger, Esq. 
 E-mail imn nqgrg.com 
 
 8. Effectiveness of Agreement . Except as modified by this Eleventh Amendment, all the terms of the Purchase Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect. 
 9. Counterparts . This Eleventh Amendment may be executed in counterparts, and all counterparts together shall be construed as one document. 
 10. Telecopied Emailed Signatures . A counterpart of this Eleventh Amendment that is signed by one party to this Eleventh Amendment and telecopied emailed to the other party to this Eleventh Amendment or its counsel (i) shall have the same effect as an original signed counterpart of this Eleventh Amendment, and (ii) shall be conclusive proof, admissible in judicial proceedings, of such party s execution of this Eleventh Amendment. 
 11. Successors and Assigns . All of the terms and conditions of this Eleventh Amendment shall apply to benefit and bind the successors and assigns of the respective parties. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller and Buyer have entered into this Eleventh Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions as of the date first above stated. 

SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE 

SELLER 
 KBSII 445 SOUTH FIGUEROA, LLC 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By KBSII REIT ACQUISITION XV, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS REIT PROPERTIES II, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP II, 
 a Delaware limited partnership, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC., 
 a Maryland Corporation, 
 its general partner 
 By s Charles J. Schreiber, Jr. 
 Charles J. Schreiber, Jr., 
 Chief Executive Officer 

BUYER 
 WB UNION PLAZA HOLDINGS LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By s Joel Schreiber 
 Name Joel Schreiber 
 Its Authorized signer 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.15>
 12
 kbsriiq42022exhibit1015.htm
 TWELFTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEEMENT (UNION BANK)

Document 

Exhibit 10.15 
 TWELFTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT 
 AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS 
 THIS TWELFTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS (this Twelfth Amendment is made as of the 21 st day of March, 2023 Effective Date ), by and between KBSII 445 SOUTH FIGUEROA, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Seller ), and WB UNION PLAZA HOLDINGS LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Buyer ). In consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 RECITALS 
 A. Seller and Buyer are parties to that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated as of July 20, 2022, as amended by that certain (i) First Amendment to Purchase and Sale and Escrow Instructions dated as of October 14, 2022, (ii) Second Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions Second Amendment dated as of November 23, 2022, (iii) Third Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated as of December 9, 2022, (iv) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of December 28, 2022, 5 01 p.m. (California time), (v) Fourth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of December 29, 2022, (vi) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 5, 2023, 12 13 p.m. (California time), (vii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 6, 2023, 11 56 a.m. (California time), (viii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 9, 2023, 11 21 a.m. (California time), (ix) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 10, 2023, 10 44 a.m. (California time), (x) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 11, 2023, 12 06 p.m. (California time), (xi) Fifth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of January 12, 2023, (xii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel, dated as of January 25, 2023, 12 28 p.m. (California time), (xiii) Sixth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions Sixth Amendment ), dated as of January 26, 2023, (xiv) Seventh Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of February 10, 2023, (xv) Eighth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of February 17, 2023, (xvi) Ninth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of February 27, 2023, (xvii) Tenth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of March 6, 2023, and (xviii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of March 15, 2023, 11 23 a.m. (California time) and (xix) Eleventh Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions Eleventh Amendment ), dated as of March 16, 2023 (as amended, the Purchase Agreement ). All initially-capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. 
 B. Seller and Buyer have agreed to modify the terms of the Purchase Agreement as set forth in this Eleventh Amendment. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intended to be legally bound, Seller and Buyer agree as follows 

1. Recitals . The Recitals set forth above are hereby incorporated herein by reference as if the same were fully set forth herein. 
 2. Closing Date . Subject to the terms and provisions of this Eleventh Amendment, the Closing Date shall be, and hereby is, extended from March 22, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. to March 29, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time). 
 3. Additional Extension Fee . In consideration of Seller extending the Closing Date as provided in Paragraph 2 above, Buyer shall pay to Seller an extension fee by depositing in escrow with Escrow Holder, in cash or current funds, a sum of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars 250,000.00) (the Additional Extension Fee by no later than March 23, 2023. Buyer hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs Escrow Holder to remit the Additional Extension Fee directly to Seller upon Escrow Holder s receipt of such Additional Extension Fee. The Additional Extension Fee shall be deemed earned in full upon execution and delivery of this Eleventh Amendment, and concurrently with the Closing, Buyer shall receive a credit against the Purchase Price in the amount of the Additional Extension Fee to the extent received by Seller under this Paragraph 3 . Notwithstanding anything stated to the contrary herein or in the Purchase Agreement, the Additional Extension Fee, once made, shall not be refundable to Buyer under any circumstances unless Seller fails to sell and convey the Property to Buyer when Seller is obligated to do so under the terms and provisions of the Purchase Agreement. If Buyer fails to timely deposit the Additional Extension Fee as provided in this Paragraph 3 , then Buyer shall be in default under the Purchase Agreement and Seller shall have the right to terminate the Purchase Agreement and exercise all other rights and remedies under the Purchase Agreement. 
 4. Credit Towards Purchase Price . Paragraph 3 of the Sixth Amendment shall be, and hereby is, deleted in its entirety and the following paragraph shall be substituted in its place 
 3. Credit Towards Purchase Price . Buyer acknowledges that the Purchase Price is 155,000,000 provided, however, Seller hereby agrees that, concurrently with the Close of Escrow, Buyer shall be entitled to a credit towards the Purchase Price in the amount of Thirteen Million Dollars 13,000,000) Closing Credit Amount ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Close of Escrow does not occur by March 29, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time), then Buyer shall not be entitled to any credit under this Paragraph 3 , and the provisions of this Paragraph 3 shall be null and void and of no further force or effect. In furtherance of the foregoing, the provisions of Paragraph 4 of the Fifth Amendment shall be, and hereby is, deleted and is no longer of any force or effect. 
 5. Acknowledgment and Release . Buyer hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Purchase Agreement is in full force and effect, and that as of the Effective Date, Seller is not in default thereunder, nor has Seller breached any of its covenants or agreements set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Accordingly, subject to the representations and warranties of Seller expressly set forth in Section 11.1 of the Purchase Agreement, Buyer, on behalf of itself and all of its Releasors, hereby expressly waives and releases Seller and the Seller Parties from any and all claims, actions, causes of action, liabilities, losses, damages, costs and or expenses that Buyer 

and Releasors may now or hereafter have, whether known or unknown, resulting from or relating or, or which may arise from, any actions or inactions of the Seller on or prior to the Effective Date with respect the transaction contemplated under the Purchase Agreement (including without limitation, the conversion of any part of the Deposit to extension fees and Seller's right to receive and retain all extension fees as provided for in the Purchase Agreement). 
 BUYER, ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND THE OTHER RELEASORS, HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS READ AND IS FAMILIAR WITH THE PROVISIONS OF CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 SECTION 1542 ), WHICH IS SET FORTH BELOW 
 A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY. 

BY INITIALING BELOW, BUYER, ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND THE OTHER RELEASORS, HEREBY WAIVES THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 1542 SOLELY IN CONNECTION WITH THE MATTERS WHICH ARE THE SUBJECT OF THE FOREGOING WAIVERS AND RELEASES. 
 s JS BUYER s INITIALS 

THE FOREGOING WAIVERS, RELEASES AND AGREEMENTS BY BUYER, ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND THE RELEASORS, SHALL SURVIVE THE CLOSE OF ESCROW AND THE RECORDATION OF THE DEED AND SHALL NOT BE DEEMED MERGED INTO THE DEED UPON ITS RECORDATION. 
 6. Restraining Notice Indemnity . Buyer hereby reaffirms the provisions of Paragraph 6 of the Eleventh Amendment, which provisions are hereby incorporated herein by reference as if the same were fully set forth herein. 
 7. Tenant Estoppel Certificates SNDAs . 
 (a) In accordance with Section 4.4 of the Purchase Agreement, Seller acknowledges that Buyer has requested that Seller endeavor to obtain updated Tenant Estoppel Certificates, and Seller hereby agrees to endeavor to deliver updated Tenant Estoppel Certificates to tenants for signature by no later than March 24, 2023 provided, however, notwithstanding the foregoing, and as provided in Section 4.4 of the Purchase Agreement, under no circumstances shall Buyer's receipt of any executed updated Tenant Estoppel Certificates be a condition precedent to Buyer's obligations to consummate the transaction contemplated under the Purchase Agreement. 

(b) Seller further acknowledges that Buyer has requested that Seller endeavor to obtain subordination, non-disturbance and attornment agreements from certain tenants (collectively, SNDA s ). Seller hereby agrees that, upon its receipt of the completed SNDA s from Buyer and or Buyer's lender (which SNDA s shall contain a statement that the same shall be of no force or effect until Buyer acquires title to the Property, as evidenced by the recording of a deed in the official records of Los Angeles County, California), Seller will endeavor to deliver such SNDA s to the tenants referenced therein for signature provided, however, notwithstanding the foregoing, under no circumstances shall Buyer s receipt of any executed SNDAs be a condition precedent to Buyer s obligations to consummate the transaction contemplated under the Purchase. 
 8. Effectiveness of Agreement . Except as modified by this Twelfth Amendment, all the terms of the Purchase Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect. No previous amendment, modification and or extension entered into with respect to the transaction contemplated under the Purchase Agreement shall constitute a course of dealing or be inferred or construed as constituting an express or implied understanding to enter into any future amendment, modification and or extension, and neither party shall have any obligation to enter into any future amendment, modification and or extension unless such obligation is expressly set forth in an instrument in writing duly executed by the party to be bound thereby. 
 9. Counterparts . This Twelfth Amendment may be executed in counterparts, and all counterparts together shall be construed as one document. 
 10. Telecopied Emailed Signatures . A counterpart of this Twelfth Amendment that is signed by one party to this Eleventh Amendment and telecopied emailed to the other party to this Twelfth Amendment or its counsel (i) shall have the same effect as an original signed counterpart of this Twelfth Amendment, and (ii) shall be conclusive proof, admissible in judicial proceedings, of such party s execution of this Twelfth Amendment. 
 11. Successors and Assigns . All of the terms and conditions of this Twelfth Amendment shall apply to benefit and bind the successors and assigns of the respective parties. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller and Buyer have entered into this Twelfth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions as of the date first above stated. 
 
 SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE 

SELLER 
 KBSII 445 SOUTH FIGUEROA, LLC 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By KBSII REIT ACQUISITION XV, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS REIT PROPERTIES II, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP II, 
 a Delaware limited partnership, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC., 
 a Maryland Corporation, 
 its general partner 
 By s Charles J. Schreiber, Jr. 
 Charles J. Schreiber, Jr., 
 Chief Executive Officer 

BUYER 
 WB UNION PLAZA HOLDINGS LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By s Joel Schreiber 
 Name Joel Schreiber 
 Its Authorized signer 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.16>
 13
 kbsriiq42022exhibit1016.htm
 THIRTEENTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEEMENT (UNION BANK)

Document 

Exhibit 10.16 
 THIRTEENTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT 
 AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS 
 THIS THIRTEENTH AMENDMENT TO PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS (this Thirteenth Amendment is made as of the 29 th day of March, 2023 Effective Date ), by and between KBSII 445 SOUTH FIGUEROA, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Seller ), and WB UNION PLAZA HOLDINGS LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Buyer ). In consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 RECITALS 
 A. Seller and Buyer are parties to that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated as of July 20, 2022, as amended by that certain (i) First Amendment to Purchase and Sale and Escrow Instructions dated as of October 14, 2022, (ii) Second Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions Second Amendment dated as of November 23, 2022, (iii) Third Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions dated as of December 9, 2022, (iv) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of December 28, 2022, 5 01 p.m. (California time), (v) Fourth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of December 29, 2022, (vi) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 5, 2023, 12 13 p.m. (California time), (vii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 6, 2023, 11 56 a.m. (California time), (viii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 9, 2023, 11 21 a.m. (California time), (ix) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 10, 2023, 10 44 a.m. (California time), (x) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of January 11, 2023, 12 06 p.m. (California time), (xi) Fifth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of January 12, 2023, (xii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel, dated as of January 25, 2023, 12 28 p.m. (California time), (xiii) Sixth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions Sixth Amendment ), dated as of January 26, 2023, (xiv) Seventh Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of February 10, 2023, (xv) Eighth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of February 17, 2023, (xvi) Ninth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of February 27, 2023, (xvii) Tenth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of March 6, 2023, (xviii) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of March 15, 2023, 11 23 a.m. (California time), (xix) Eleventh Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions Eleventh Amendment ), dated as of March 16, 2023, (xx) Twelfth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions, dated as of March 21, 2023, and (xxi) email transmittal from Seller s counsel to Buyer s counsel dated as of March 28, 2023, 5 36 p.m. (California time) (as amended, the Purchase Agreement ). All initially-capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. 
 B. Seller and Buyer have agreed to modify the terms of the Purchase Agreement as set forth in this Thirteenth Amendment. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intended to be legally bound, Seller and Buyer agree as follows 

1. Recitals . The Recitals set forth above are hereby incorporated herein by reference as if the same were fully set forth herein. 
 2. Mansion Tax . Buyer acknowledges and agrees it has been informed by the Title Company that, in the event the Closing occurs after 8 00 a.m. (Pacific Time) on the currently scheduled Closing Date (i.e., March 30, 2023), then the earliest date that the Deed may be recorded in the public records of Los Angeles County (the Public Records is 8 00 a.m. (Pacific Time) on March 31, 2023. Notwithstanding anything stated to the contrary in the Purchase Agreement, in the event the Closing occurs on March 30, 2023 but the Deed is recorded on or after April 1, 2023 for any reason other than for Seller s failure to perform its obligations under the Purchase Agreement, then Buyer shall, and hereby agrees to (a) be solely responsible for any taxes associated with Measure ULA, otherwise commonly known as the mansion tax (the Mansion Tax in connection with the purchase and sale contemplated herein and (b) indemnify, defend and hold harmless Seller from and against any and all loss, damage, cost, charge, liability or expense (including court costs and reasonable attorneys fees) which Seller may sustain or incur as a result of the failure of Buyer to timely pay the Mansion Tax as provided above. The provisions of this Section 2 shall survive the Closing. 
 3. Purchase Price Reduction . Buyer acknowledges that the Purchase Price is One Hundred Fifty-Five Million Dollars 155,000,000) provided, however, Seller hereby agrees that, concurrently with the Close of Escrow, the Purchase Price shall be, and hereby is, decreased from One Hundred Fifty-Five Million Dollars 155,000,000) to One Hundred Four Million Dollars 104,000,000). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Close of Escrow does not occur by March 30, 2023, at 1 00 p.m. (California time), then the Purchase Price shall remain at One Hundred Fifty-Five Million Dollars 155,000,000), and the provisions of this Section 3 shall be null and void and of no further force or effect. 
 4. Credit Towards Purchase Price . Paragraph 3 of the Sixth Amendment shall be, and hereby is, deleted in its entirety. 
 5. Acknowledgment and Release . Buyer hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Purchase Agreement is in full force and effect, and that as of the Effective Date, Seller is not in default thereunder, nor has Seller breached any of its covenants or agreements set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Accordingly, subject to the representations and warranties of Seller expressly set forth in Section 11.1 of the Purchase Agreement, Buyer, on behalf of itself and all of its Releasors, hereby expressly waives and releases Seller and the Seller Parties from any and all claims, actions, causes of action, liabilities, losses, damages, costs and or expenses that Buyer and Releasors may now or hereafter have, whether known or unknown, resulting from or relating or, or which may arise from, any actions or inactions of the Seller on or prior to the Effective Date with respect the transaction contemplated under the Purchase Agreement (including without limitation, the conversion of any part of the Deposit to extension fees and Seller s right to receive and retain all extension fees as provided for in the Purchase Agreement). 
 BUYER, ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND THE OTHER RELEASORS, HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS READ AND IS FAMILIAR WITH THE PROVISIONS OF CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 SECTION 1542 ), WHICH IS SET FORTH BELOW 

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY. 
 BY INITIALING BELOW, BUYER, ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND THE OTHER RELEASORS, HEREBY WAIVES THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 1542 SOLELY IN CONNECTION WITH THE MATTERS WHICH ARE THE SUBJECT OF THE FOREGOING WAIVERS AND RELEASES. 
 s JS BUYER s INITIALS 

THE FOREGOING WAIVERS, RELEASES AND AGREEMENTS BY BUYER, ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND THE RELEASORS, SHALL SURVIVE THE CLOSE OF ESCROW AND THE RECORDATION OF THE DEED AND SHALL NOT BE DEEMED MERGED INTO THE DEED UPON ITS RECORDATION. 
 6. Restraining Notice Indemnity . Buyer hereby reaffirms the provisions of Paragraph 6 of the Eleventh Amendment, which provisions are hereby incorporated herein by reference as if the same were fully set forth herein. 
 7. Construction Contracts Leasing Costs Damage or Destruction . 
 (a) In accordance with Section 5.4 of the Purchase Agreement, Buyer acknowledges that Seller has informed Buyer of the vehicle collision and resulting damage to the Property (the Property Damage that occurred on July 20, 2022 (the Casualty Incident ), as well as the nature and scope of the Property Damage, the total amount to repair the Property Damage, the amount of the deductible under Seller s property insurance, the amount of insurance proceeds applicable to the Casualty Incident, and the unsigned contract received by Seller (and provided to Buyer) to repair the Property Damage. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything stated to the contrary in this Thirteenth Amendment and the Purchase Agreement, Buyer acknowledges and agrees that, in consideration of Seller reducing the Purchase Price as provided in Section 3 above, (i) Seller shall no longer be obligated to provide, and Buyer shall no longer be entitled to receive, the credits (if any) towards the Purchase Price referenced in the second paragraph of Section 4.5 (construction contracts), Sections 5.3 and 10.4 (leasing commissions, tenant improvement allowances and free rent), and Section 5.4 (insurance deductible) of the Purchase Agreement, and (ii) Seller shall no longer be obligated to assign, transfer or set over, and Buyer shall no longer be entitled to receive, any of the insurance proceeds related to the Property Damage from the Casualty Incident under the terms and provisions of Section 5.4 of the Purchase Agreement Buyer hereby waiving all of its rights to receive any of the credits and insurance proceeds referenced in subsections (i) and (ii) above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 7 shall not otherwise affect or modify any prorations under Section 10 (excluding Section 10.4 of the Purchase Agreement or Buyer s agreement to assume the obligations expressly provided for under Sections 4.5 , 5.3 or 

10.4 of the Purchase Agreement or Buyer s obligation to accept as a Permitted Exception any exception for liens (and or potential liens) under Section 4.2.3(f) of the Purchase Agreement to the extent any such lien (and or potential lien) would have otherwise constituted a Permitted Exception but for the provisions of subsection (i) above in this Section 7(b) with respect to the credits no longer being provided by Seller to Buyer at Closing. 
 8. Construction Ongoing Work . 
 (a) Section 11.1 of the Purchase Agreement is hereby supplemented by adding the following paragraph as Section 11.1(i) to the Purchase Agreement . 
 (i) All of the work referenced in the second paragraph of Section 4.5 above has been completed and Seller has fully paid all contractors and subcontractors for such work . 
 (b) Seller and Buyer acknowledge and agree that Buyer shall not assume any of the construction contracts referenced in the second paragraph of Section 4.5 of the Purchase Agreement . 
 9. Limited Surviving Closing Obligations . Notwithstanding anything stated to the contrary, any and all references to the date February 28, 2023 appearing in the last paragraph of Section 11.1 of the Purchase Agreement and in Section 15.6(d) of the Purchase Agreement with respect to the survivability period of the Limited Surviving Closing Obligations shall be deleted, and is hereby replaced with the date March 31, 2023. 
 10. Closing Documents . Buyer acknowledges and agrees that the final form of closing deliveries referenced under Sections 6.1 and 6.2 of the Purchase Agreement have been provided to, and approved by, Buyer. 
 11. Effectiveness of Agreement . 
 (a) Except as modified by this Thirteenth Amendment, all the terms of the Purchase Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect. In the event of any inconsistency or conflict between the Purchase Agreement and this Thirteenth Amendment, the terms of this Thirteenth Amendment shall control. No previous amendment, modification and or extension entered into with respect to the transaction contemplated under the Purchase Agreement shall constitute a course of dealing or be inferred or construed as constituting an express or implied understanding to enter into any future amendment, modification and or extension, and neither party shall have any obligation to enter into any future amendment, modification and or extension unless such obligation is expressly set forth in an instrument in writing duly executed by the party to be bound thereby . Furthermore, Buyer acknowledges that Seller has informed Buyer that Seller is not able to provide Buyer with any further Closing Date extensions and, therefore, the Closing Date shall be, and will remain, March 30, 2023. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything stated to the contrary in this Thirteenth Amendment, this Thirteenth Amendment shall not be effective or binding on either Seller or Buyer unless, and until, all funds (the Closing Funds required to be deposited by Buyer and or its lender with Escrow Holder (as reflected in the Settlement Statement) for the Closing (as required by the terms of the Purchase Agreement) have been received by Escrow Holder (by 

wire transfer) on or before March 30, 2023. Upon Escrow Holder s receipt (by wire transfer) of the Closing Funds, this Thirteenth Amendment shall automatically be considered, and deemed, effective and binding on Seller and Buyer. In furtherance of the foregoing, if the Closing Funds are not received by Escrow Holder (by wire transfer) on or before March 30, 2023, this Thirteenth Amendment shall not be considered executed or entered into and shall be of no force or effect whatsoever. 
 12. Counterparts . This Thirteenth Amendment may be executed in counterparts, and all counterparts together shall be construed as one document. 
 13. Telecopied Emailed Signatures . A counterpart of this Thirteenth Amendment that is signed by one party to this Thirteenth Amendment and telecopied emailed to the other party to this Thirteenth Amendment or its counsel (i) shall have the same effect as an original signed counterpart of this Thirteenth Amendment, and (ii) shall be conclusive proof, admissible in judicial proceedings, of such party s execution of this Thirteenth Amendment. 
 14. Successors and Assigns . All of the terms and conditions of this Thirteenth Amendment shall apply to benefit and bind the successors and assigns of the respective parties. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller and Buyer have entered into this Thirteenth Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow Instructions as of the date first above stated. 
 SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE 

SELLER 
 KBSII 445 SOUTH FIGUEROA, LLC 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By KBSII REIT ACQUISITION XV, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS REIT PROPERTIES II, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP II, 
 a Delaware limited partnership, 
 its sole member 
 By KBS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC., 
 a Maryland Corporation, 
 its general partner 
 By s Charles J. Schreiber, Jr. 
 Charles J. Schreiber, Jr., 
 Chief Executive Officer 

BUYER 
 WB UNION PLAZA HOLDINGS LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By s Joel Schreiber 
 Name Joel Schreiber 
 Its Authorized signer 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-21.1>
 14
 kbsriiq42022exhibit211.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES LIST

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of KBS REIT II 
 
 CA Capital Management Services, LLC KBSII 300-600 Campus Drive, LLC KBS Limited Partnership II KBSII 445 South Figueroa, LLC KBS REIT Holdings II LLC KBSII Corporate Technology Centre, LLC KBS REIT Properties II, LLC KBSII REIT Acquisition XV, LLC KBSII 100-200 Campus Drive, LLC KBSII REIT Acquisition XXVI, LLC 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 15
 kbsriiq42022exhibit311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Charles J. Schreiber, Jr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of KBS Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date April 5, 2023 By S C HARLES J. S CHREIBER , J R . 
 Charles J. Schreiber, Jr. Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 16
 kbsriiq42022exhibit312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Jeffrey K. Waldvogel, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of KBS Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date April 5, 2023 By S J EFFREY K. W ALDVOGEL 
 Jeffrey K. Waldvogel Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 17
 kbsriiq42022exhibit321.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of KBS Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc. (the Registrant for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Charles J. Schreiber Jr., Chief Executive Officer, President and Director of the Registrant, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge and belief 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 Date April 5, 2023 By S C HARLES J. S CHREIBER , J R . 
 Charles J. Schreiber, Jr. Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 18
 kbsriiq42022exhibit322.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of KBS Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc. (the Registrant for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Jeffrey K. Waldvogel, the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of the Registrant, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge and belief 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 Date April 5, 2023 By S J EFFREY K. W ALDVOGEL 
 Jeffrey K. Waldvogel Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary (principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 19
 kbsrii-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 20
 kbsrii-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 21
 kbsrii-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 22
 kbsrii-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 23
 kbsrii-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

