<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1491487_0001213900-23-030302.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7737559</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>298178</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1739969</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1881884</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1904220</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1687672</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-030302.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417170045
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-030302
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Takung Art Co., Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001491487
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-RETAIL STORES, NEC [5990]
		IRS NUMBER:				264731758
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38036
		FILM NUMBER:		23824605

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		OFFICE Q 11TH FLOOR, KINGS WING PLAZA 2
		STREET 2:		NO. 1 KWAN ST, SHA TIN, NEW TERRITORIES
		CITY:			HONG KONG
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			999077
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8613020144962

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		OFFICE Q 11TH FLOOR, KINGS WING PLAZA 2
		STREET 2:		NO. 1 KWAN ST, SHA TIN, NEW TERRITORIES
		CITY:			HONG KONG
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			999077

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Takung Art Co., Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141106

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cardigant Medical Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100507

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-030302.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_takungartcoltd.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

U NITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____________________ to _________________________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , New Territories, . (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes
 No 

The aggregate market value of voting common equity held by non-affiliates
as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s second fiscal quarter, was approximately , based
on the closing price of 1.66 on June 30, 2022. 

The
number of shares of common stock, par value 0.001 outstanding as of March 31, 2023 is 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 17 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 35 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 35 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 35 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 35 

PART II 
 36 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 36 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 37 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 37 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 49 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 50 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 50 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 51 
 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections 
 51 

PART III 
 52 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 52 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 57 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 
 60 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 63 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 64 

PART IV 
 65 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 65 
 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 

Signatures 
 67 

i 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward
Looking Statements 

The discussion contained in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A
of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Any statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future
events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These statements are often, but not always, made through the
use of words or phrases like anticipate, estimate, plans, projects, continuing, 
 ongoing, target, expects, management believes, we believe, we
intend, we may, we will, we should, we seek, we plan, the
negative of those terms, and similar words or phrases. We base these forward-looking statements on our expectations, assumptions, estimates
and projections about our business and the industry in which we operate as of the date of this Annual Report. These forward-looking statements
are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that cannot be predicted, quantified or controlled and that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those set forth in, contemplated by, or underlying the forward-looking statements. Statements in this Annual
Report describe factors, among others, that could contribute to or cause these differences. Actual results may vary materially from those
anticipated, estimated, projected or expected should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions
prove incorrect. Because the factors discussed in this Annual Report could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from
those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by us or on our behalf, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking
statement. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which will arise. In addition, we cannot assess
the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ
materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly revise
our forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date of this Annual Report or the date of documents
incorporated by reference herein that include forward-looking statements. 

Currency, exchange rate, and China and other references 

Unless otherwise noted, all currency figures in this filing are in
U.S. dollars. 

References to US , , dollars 
and U.S. dollars are to the legal currency of the United States. 

References to yuan or RMB are to the Chinese
yuan, the lawful currency of China, which is also known as the Renminbi . 

References to HK are to the Hong Kong dollars, the legal
currency of Hong Kong. 

Our reporting currency is U.S. Dollars. This Annual
Report also contains translations of certain foreign currency amounts into U.S. dollars for the convenience of the reader. Unless otherwise
stated, all translations of HK into U.S. dollars were made at HK 7.8015 and HK 7.7996 to US 1.00 and translations of Renminbi into U.S.
dollars were made at RMB6.8972 and RMB6.373 to US 1.00, the exchange rates set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the Federal Reserve
Board on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. We make no representation that the HK , Renminbi or U.S. dollar
amounts referred to in this Annual Report could have been or could be converted into U.S. dollars, HK or Renminbi, as the case may be,
at any particular rate or at all. 

References to PRC or China 
are to the People s Republic of China, including the special administrative regions of Hong Kong and Macau, unless referencing specific
laws and regulations adopted by the PRC and other legal or tax matters only applicable to mainland China, and excluding, for the purposes
of this Annual Report only, Taiwan. 

References to Hong Kong are to Hong
Kong, Special Administrative Region of the People s Republic of China . 

Unless otherwise specified or required by
context, references to we, the Company , Takung , our and us 
refer collectively to (i) Takung Art Co., Ltd, (ii) the subsidiaries of Takung Art Co., Ltd, NFT DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY
LIMITED NFT Digital ), NFT EXCHANGE LIMITED NFT Exchange and its wholly owned Hong Kong subsidiary,
METAVERSE DIGITAL PAYMENT CO., LIMITED Metaverse HK ), respectively. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Overview 

Takung Art Co., Ltd (the Company is a holding company
incorporated in the state of Delaware. Through our subsidiaries, we currently operate an electronic online platform located at https://www.nftoeo.com/ for
artists, art dealers and art investors to offer and trade in ownership over valuable artwork in the form of non-fungible token
or NFT. In addition, we also provide NFT consulting with respect to the strategic utilization of blockchain technology and NFT launch.
Given our goal to create multiple potential revenue streams and continue to diverse the business model, we are also exploring NFT gaming
business including sales of in-game characters NFTs and sales of membership packs. 

Through Hong Kong Takung Art
Company Limited Hong Kong Takung , the Company offers online listing and trading services that allow artists/art
dealers/owners to access a much bigger art trading market where they can engage with a wide range of investors that they might not encounter
without our platform. Our platform also invests in high-end and expensive artwork more accessible to ordinary people without substantial
financial resources. 

The Company, through its operating
subsidiaries, generate revenue from services in connection with the offering and trading of artwork on its system, primarily consisting
of listing fees, trading commissions, management fees, and consultancy service on the listing and trading of NFTs on our platform. 

Hong Kong Takung was incorporated
in Hong Kong on September 17, 2012 and operates an electronic online platform for offering and trading artwork. The Company generates
revenue from its services in connection with the offering and trading of artwork on its system, primarily consisting of listing fees,
trading commissions, and management fees. The Company conducts business primarily in Hong Kong, People s Republic of China. 

Takung (Shanghai) Co., Ltd Shanghai Takung is a limited liability company, with a registered capital of 1 million, located in the Shanghai Pilot
Free Trade Zone. Shanghai Takung was incorporated on July 28, 2015. It is engaged in providing services to its parent company Hong Kong
Takung by receiving deposits from and making payments to online artwork traders of Takung for and on behalf of Takung. Shanghai Takung
was deregistered on May 8, 2020 and the Company merged the operations of Shanghai Takung with Takung Cultural Development (Tianjin) Co.,
Ltd. 

Takung Cultural Development
(Tianjin) Co., Ltd Tianjin Takung provides technology development services to Hong Kong Takung and also carries out marketing
and promotion activities in mainland China. It is engaged in providing services to its parent company Hong Kong Takung by receiving deposits
from and making payments to online artwork traders of Takung for and on behalf of Takung when Shanghai Takung was deregistered. On November
8, 2021, the Management became aware of the suspension of the operation of Tianjin Takung by the local authority. 

Hong Kong Takung Art Holdings
Company Limited Takung Art Holdings was formed in Hong Kong on July 20, 2018 and operates as a holding company to control
an online platform for offering, selling and trading whole piece of artwork. Takung Art Holdings was deregistered on April 29, 2020 due
to deregistration of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Art Era Internet Technology (Tianjin) Co., Ltd., on June 18, 2019. 

Hong Kong MQ Group Limited Hong Kong MQ was formed in Hong Kong on November 27, 2018, and is engaged in blockchain and non-fungible tokens NFT businesses, including consultancy service for NFT launch projects, developing its own NFT marketplace to facilitate users to buy and sell
NFTs, as well as development of block chain-based online games. On June 19, 2019, as a result of a private transaction, one (1) share
of common stock of Hong Kong MQ was transferred from Ms. Hiu Ngai Ma to the Company. The net asset of Hong Kong MQ was nil as of the
acquisition date. The consideration paid for the ownership transfer, which represent 100 of the issued and outstanding share capital
of Hong Kong MQ, was 0.13 (HK 1). Hong Kong MQ became a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

MQ (Tianjin) Enterprise Management
Consulting Co., Ltd. Tianjin MQ was incorporated in Tianjin, PRC on July 9, 2019 and is a directly wholly owned subsidiary
of Hong Kong MQ. It was established as a limited liability company with a registered capital of 100,000 located in the Pilot Free Trade
Zone in Tianjin. Tianjin MQ focused on exploring business opportunities and promoting its artwork trading business. Tianjin MQ was deregistered
on August 10, 2020 due to the Company streamlining its operation. 

NFT Digital was incorporated
in Albany, New York on December 13, 2021 and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Takung. This entity primarily provides administrative and
technical supports for the development of NFT projects. 

NFT Exchange was incorporated
in Wyoming under the name NFT Exchange LIMITED on January 7, 2022 and is wholly owned by Takung. On March 31, 2022, the
registered name was changed to NFT EXCHANGE LIMITED . This entity facilitates the business and operation of the new NFT exchange
market. 

Metaverse HK was formed in
Hong Kong on January 27, 2022, and is wholly owned by NFT Exchange. This entity is engaged in digital payment service. 

On November 1, 2022, the Company,
Hong Kong Takung and Hong Kong MQ (together with Hong Kong Takung, the Targets ), and Fecundity Capital Investment Co., Ltd.
(the Purchaser ), entered into a certain share purchase agreement (the Disposition SPA ). Pursuant to the Disposition
SPA, the Purchaser agreed to purchase the Targets in exchange for cash consideration of 1,500,000 (the Purchase Price (the Disposition ). The closing of the Disposition is subject to certain closing conditions including the payment of the
Purchase Price, the receipt of a fairness opinion from Access Partner Consultancy Appraisals and the approval of the Company s
shareholders. 

Our principal executive office
is located at Office Q, 11 th Floor, Kings Wing Plaza 2, No. 1, Kwan Street, Sha Tin,
New Territories, Hong Kong. 

1 

Corporate History and Structure 

We were incorporated in Delaware
under the name Cardigant Medical Inc. on April 17, 2009. Our initial business plan was focused on the development of novel biologic
and peptide-based compounds and enhanced methods for local delivery of treatments for vascular diseases including peripheral artery disease
and ischemic stroke. 

Pursuant to the Stock Purchase
Agreement dated as of July 31, 2014, Yong Li, an individual purchased a total of 22,185,230 (pre- Reverse Stock Split) restricted
shares of common stock of the Company from a group of three former shareholders of the Company. In consideration for the shares, Mr. Li
paid the sellers 399,344 in cash which came from his own capital. The sellers were Jerett A. Creed, the Company s former Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, director and formerly a controlling shareholder of the Company, the Creed Family Limited Partnership
and Ralph Sinibaldi. The shares represented approximately 95 of the Company s then issued and outstanding common stock. The sale
was consummated on August 28, 2014. As a result of the transaction, there was a change in control of the Company. 

On August 27, 2014, we
entered into a Contribution Agreement with Cardigant Neurovascular. Pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, we assigned all our assets,
properties, rights, title and interest used or held for use by our business, (except for certain excluded assets set forth therein) which
was the treatment of atherosclerosis and plaque stabilization in both the coronary and peripheral vasculature using systemic and local
delivery of large molecule therapeutics and peptide mimetics based on high density lipoprotein targets Cardigant Business ).
In consideration for such contribution of capital, Cardigant Neurovascular agreed to assume all our liabilities raising from the Cardigant
Business prior to the date of the Contribution Agreement and thereafter with regard to certain contributed contacts. We granted Cardigant
Neurovascular an exclusive option for a period of 6 months to purchase the excluded assets for 1. Cardigant Neurovascular exercised this
option October 20, 2014 and the excluded assets were assigned to Cardigant Neurovascular on October 20, 2014. 

Also on October 20, 2014,
we acquired the business of Hong Kong Takung through the acquisition of all the share capital of Hong Kong Takung under a Share Exchange
Agreement dated September 23, 2014 in exchange for 209,976,000 (pre-Reverse Stock Split) newly-issued restricted shares of our common
stock to the shareholders of Hong Kong Takung. 

Hong Kong Takung is a limited
liability company incorporated on September 17, 2012 under the laws of Hong Kong, Special Administrative Region, China. Although
Hong Kong Takung was incorporated in late 2012, it did not commence business operations until late 2013. 

As a result of the transfer
of the excluded assets pursuant to the Contribution Agreement and the acquisition of all the issued and outstanding shares of Hong Kong
Takung, we ceased the Cardigant Business and assumed Hong Kong Takung s business operations. 

On November 5, 2014,
we filed a Certificate of Amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of the State of Delaware to change our name
from Cardigant Medical Inc. to Takung Art Co., Ltd. 

On July 28, 2015, Hong
Kong Takung incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary, Takung (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Shanghai Takung ), in Shanghai Free-Trade
Zone (SFTZ) in Shanghai, China, with a registered capital of 1 million. Shanghai Takung assists in Hong Kong Takung s operations
by receiving deposits from and making payments to online artwork Traders in mainland China on behalf of Hong Kong Takung. On January 27,
2016, Hong Kong Takung incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary, Takung Cultural Development (Tianjin) Co., Ltd Tianjin Takung in the Tianjin Free Trade Zone (TJFTZ) in Tianjin, China with a registered capital of 1 million. Tianjin Takung provides technology development
services to Hong Kong Takung and Shanghai Takung, and also carries out marketing and promotion activities in mainland China. On May 8,
2020, Shanghai Takung was deregistered and its operations were merged with Tianjin Takung in order to save administrative costs. During
2021, Hong Kong Takung lost its control over the operation of Tianjin Takung and the assets, liabilities and results of operations of
Tianjin Takung was deconsolidated. 

On August 10, 2015, we
filed a Certificate of Amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to effect a
reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock at a ratio of 1-for-25 (the Reverse Stock Split ).
Upon filing of the Certificate of Amendment, every twenty-five shares of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock were
automatically converted into one issued and outstanding share of common stock, without any change in par value per share. No fractional
shares will be issued as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. Shareholders who would otherwise be entitled to receive a fractional share
will be entitled to rounding up their fractional shares to the nearest whole number. 

Hong Kong Takung Art Holdings
Company Limited Takung Art Holdings was incorporated in Hong Kong on July 20, 2018 and operates as a holding company
to operate an e-commerce platform for offering, selling and trading whole pieces of artwork instead of units of artwork. Takung Art Holdings
was deregistered on April 29, 2020 due to deregistration of Art Era Internet Technology (Tianjin) Co., Ltd as discussed below. 

Art Era Internet Technology
(Tianjin) Co., Ltd Art Era ), formed in Tianjin on September 7, 2018, is a directly wholly owned subsidiary of Takung
Art Holdings, and formed as a limited liability company with a registered capital of 2 million located in the Pilot Free Trade Zone in
Tianjin. Art Era mainly focuses on developing our e-commerce platform for art. Art Era was deregistered on June 18, 2019 due to Company s
plan to put off the e-commerce platform development. 

2 

Hong Kong MQ Group Limited Hong Kong MQ was formed in Hong Kong on November 27, 2018 and currently has no operations. On June 19, 2019,
as a result of a private transaction, one (1) share of common stock of Hong Kong MQ was transferred from Ms. Hiu Ngai Ma to
the Company. The net asset of Hong Kong MQ was nil as of the acquisition date. The consideration paid for the ownership transfer, which
represent 100 of the issued and outstanding share capital of Hong Kong MQ, was 0.13 (HK 1). Hong Kong MQ became a direct wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company. 

MQ (Tianjin) Enterprise Management
Consulting Co., Ltd Tianjin MQ was incorporated in Tianjin, PRC on July 9, 2019 and is a directly wholly owned subsidiary
of Hong Kong MQ. It was established as a limited liability company with a registered capital of 100,000 located in the Pilot Free Trade
Zone in Tianjin. Tianjin MQ was expected to focus on exploring business opportunities. As a result of the Company s effort in streamlining
its operations, Tianjin MQ was deregistered on August 10, 2020. 

NFT Digital was incorporated
in Albany, New York on December 13, 2021 and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Takung. This entity primarily provides administrative and
technical supports for the development of NFT projects. 

NFT Exchange was incorporated
in Wyoming under the name NFT Exchange LIMITED on January 7, 2022 and is a wholly owned by Takung. On March 31, 2022, the
registered name was changed to NFT EXCHANGE LIMITED . This entity facilitates the business and operation of the new NFT exchange
market. 

Metaverse HK was formed in
Hong Kong on January 27, 2022, and is wholly owned by NFT Exchange. This entity is engaged in digital payment service. 

Corporate Structure 

The
diagram below illustrates our current corporate structure: 

3 

Recent Regulatory Developments 

We
and our subsidiaries are not based in mainland China and do not have operations in mainland China. We currently do not have or intend
to set up any subsidiary in mainland China, or do not foresee the need to enter into any contractual arrangements with a VIE to establish
a VIE structure in mainland China. 
 Pursuant to the Basic Law, which is a national law of the PRC
and the constitutional document for Hong Kong, national laws of the PRC shall not be applied in Hong Kong except for those listed in
Annex III of the Basic Law and applied locally by promulgation or local legislation. The Basic Law expressly provides that the national
laws of the PRC which may be listed in Annex III of the Basic Law shall be confined to those relating to defense and foreign affairs
as well as other matters outside the autonomy of Hong Kong. The basic policies of the PRC regarding Hong Kong as a special administrative
region of the PRC are reflected in the Basic Law, providing Hong Kong with a high degree of autonomy and executive, legislative and independent
judicial powers, including that of final adjudication under the principle of one country, two systems . 

However, in light of the PRC
government s recent expansion of authority in Hong Kong, we may be subject to uncertainty about any future actions of the PRC government
or authorities in Hong Kong, and it is possible that all the legal and operational risks associated with being based in and having operations
in the PRC may also apply to operations in Hong Kong in the future. There is no assurance that there will not be any changes in the economic,
political and legal environment in Hong Kong. The PRC government may intervene or influence our current and future operations in Hong
Kong at any time, or may exert more control over overseas offerings and listing and/or foreign investment in issuers like ourselves. Such
governmental actions, if and when occur: (i) could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to continue our operations; (ii)
could significantly limit or hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer our common stock to investors; and (iii) may cause the value
of our common stock to significantly decline or be worthless. 

We are also aware that, recently,
the PRC government initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate business operations in certain areas in mainland
China with little advance notice, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over mainland-China-based
companies listed overseas using variable interest entity structure, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews,
and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement. For example, on July 6, 2021, the General Office of the Communist Party of China
Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued the Opinions on Strictly and Lawfully Cracking Down Illegal
Securities Activities to crack down on illegal activities in the securities market and promote the high-quality development of the capital
market, which, among other things, requires the relevant governmental authorities to strengthen cross-border oversight of law-enforcement
and judicial cooperation, to enhance supervision over mainland-China-based companies listed overseas, and to establish and improve the
system of extraterritorial application of the PRC securities laws. 

On
December 28, 2021, the CAC and other PRC authorities promulgated the Cybersecurity Review Measures, which took effect on February 15,
2022. In addition, the Cybersecurity Law, which was adopted by the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress on November
7, 2016 and came into force on June 1, 2017, and the Cybersecurity Review Measures, or the Review Measures , provide that
personal information and important data collected and generated by a critical information infrastructure operator in the course of its
operations in mainland China must be stored in mainland China, and if a critical information infrastructure operator purchases internet
products and services that affect or may affect national security, it should be subject to national security review by the CAC together
with competent departments of the State Council. In addition, for critical information infrastructure operators, or the CIIOs ,
that purchase network-related products and services, the CIIOs shall declare any network-related product or service that affects or may
affect national security to the Office of Cybersecurity Review of the CAC for cybersecurity review. Due to the lack of further interpretations,
the exact scope of what constitutes a CIIO remains unclear. Further, the PRC government authorities may have wide discretion
in the interpretation and enforcement of these laws. In addition, the Review Measures stipulates that any online platform operators holding
more than one million users/users individual information shall be subject to cybersecurity review before listing abroad. As of
the date of this annual, neither we nor our subsidiaries received any notice from any authorities identifying us or our subsidiaries as
a CIIO or requiring us or our subsidiaries to undertake a cybersecurity review by the CAC. Further, as of the date of this annual report,
neither we nor our subsidiaries have been subject to any penalties, fines, suspensions, investigations from any competent authorities
for violation of the regulations or policies that have been issued by the CAC. 

4 

On
June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress promulgated the Data Security Law which took effect on September
1, 2021. The Data Security Law requires that data shall not be collected by theft or other illegal means, and it also provides for a data
classification and hierarchical protection system. The data classification and hierarchical protection system protects data according
to its importance in economic and social development, and the damages it may cause to national security, public interests, or the legitimate
rights and interests of individuals and organizations if the data is falsified, damaged, disclosed, illegally obtained or illegally used,
which protection system is expected to be built by the state for data security in the near future. On November 14, 2021, the CAC published
the Regulations on the Data Security Administration Draft, or the Data Security Regulations Draft , to solicit public opinion
and comments. Under the Data Security Regulations Draft, an overseas initial public offering to be conducted by a data processor processing
the personal information of more than one million individuals shall apply for a cybersecurity review. Data processor means an individual
or organization that independently makes decisions on the purpose and manner of processing in data processing activities, and data processing
activities refers to activities such as the collection, retention, use, processing, transmission, provision, disclosure, or deletion of
data. Our Hong Kong subsidiary, Metaverse HK may collect and store certain data (including certain personal information) from our clients
who may be PRC individuals. We do not currently expect the Review Measures to have an impact on our business, operations or this offering
as we do not believe that Metaverse HK is deemed to be a CIIO or a data processor controlling personal information
of no less than one million users, that are required to file for cybersecurity review for overseas listing, because (i) Metaverse HK is
incorporated and operating in Hong Kong without any subsidiary or VIE structure in mainland China and the Review Measures remains unclear
whether it shall be applied to a Hong Kong company; (ii) as of the date of this annual report, Metaverse HK did not collect or store any
personal information of individual clients of mainland China; and (iii) as of the date of this annual report, Metaverse HK has not been
informed by any PRC governmental authority of any requirement that it file for a cybersecurity review. 
 Based on laws and regulations currently in effect in the PRC
as of the date of this annual report, we believe our Hong Kong subsidiaries are not required to pass the cybersecurity review of the CAC
in order to list our common stock in the U.S. 

In addition, on February 17, 2023, the China Securities Regulatory
Commission (the CSRC promulgated the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic
Companies, or the Trial Measures, and five supporting guidelines, which came into effect on March 31, 2023. Pursuant to
the Trial Measures, domestic companies that seek to offer or list securities overseas, both directly and indirectly, shall complete filing
procedures with the CSRC pursuant to the requirements of the Trial Measures within three working days following its submission of initial
public offerings or listing application. If a domestic company fails to complete required filing procedures or conceals any material
fact or falsifies any major content in its filing documents, such domestic company may be subject to administrative penalties, such as
an order to rectify, warnings, fines, and its controlling shareholders, actual controllers, the person directly in charge and other directly
liable persons may also be subject to administrative penalties, such as warnings and fines. According to the Notice on the Administrative
Arrangements for the Filing of the Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies from the CSRC, or the CSRC Notice, 
the domestic companies that have already been listed overseas before the effective date of the Trial Measures (namely, March 31, 2023)
shall be deemed as existing issuers (the Existing Issuers ). Existing Issuers are not required to complete the filing procedures
immediately, and they shall be required to file with the CSRC for any subsequent offerings. Based on laws and regulations currently in
effect in the PRC as of the date of this annual report, we believe our Hong Kong subsidiaries are not required to obtain regulatory approval
from the CSRC in order to list our shares of common stock in the U.S. 

5 

Dividend Policy and Cash Transfers 

Metaverse
HK is permitted under the laws of Hong Kong to provide funding to NFT Exchange, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company in Wyoming, through
dividend distribution without restrictions on the amount of the funds. We and our subsidiaries currently intend to retain all available
funds and future earnings, if any, for the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any dividends
in the foreseeable future. Any
future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors after considering our financial
condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual requirements, business prospects and other factors the board of directors
deems relevant, and subject to the restrictions contained in any future financing instruments. 

Our management has determined
to dispose Hong Kong Takung together with Hong Kong MQ and its subsidiary, Tianjin Takung. After the completion of the disposition, Metaverse
HK will be the only subsidiary in Hong Kong. Since Hong Kong is a special administrative region of the PRC and the basic policies of the
PRC regarding Hong Kong are reflected in the Basic Law, providing Hong Kong with a high degree of autonomy and executive, legislative
and independent judicial powers, including that of final adjudication under the principle of one country, two systems . The
laws and regulations of the PRC do not currently have any material impact on transfer of cash from Metaverse HK to NFT Exchange or from
Metaverse HK to the Company and the investors in the U.S. 

According to the Companies Ordinance of Hong Kong, a Hong Kong company
may only make a distribution out of profits available for distribution or other distributable reserves. Dividends cannot be paid out from
share capital. 

There are no restrictions
or limitation under the laws of Hong Kong imposed on the conversion of HKD into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out
of Hong Kong. 

Our Trading Platform 

Our proprietary platform is
an all-electronic trading system, consisting of host computers, client-side terminals and an interconnected communication system. Our
trading system supports the trading and payment/settlement of artwork ownership units. It is an electronic platform developed by a third-party
software development company and customized for us, primarily consisting of a matching system, a transaction monitoring system, an account
managing system and a settlement system. 

Matching is a core function
of our trading platform. Our system concludes transactions by matching all the transactions submitted by the Traders (as defined below).
Transaction monitoring system is responsible for monitoring the daily transactions in real-time to ensure fairness and accuracy in our
trading platform. The settlement system verifies and reconciles daily statistical data with the banks transaction system, and completes
the registration and settlement (or payment) of artwork units once the transaction data is verified. 

6 

Our website https://www.nftoeo.com/
is an essential part of our trading platform. 

The website is important as
it is the gateway to our trading platform. It publishes our membership and trading rules, trading information disclosure, and artwork
introduction, and provides services to Traders, such as account management. Traders may open, close and manage their accounts with us
on our website. Client-end terminal may be downloaded from our website. Through the terminal, Traders may access their account with us
and conduct transactions in artwork units, such as purchasing and selling and submitting inquiries. Data transmission between the Traders
and our trading system is encrypted to prevent data leaks. 

In order to execute a trade,
a Trader logs into his online bank account and must first transfer funds from his bank account to his trading account with us. This ensures
that he has sufficient funds to consummate a trade. 

Offering and trading of artwork
on our platform involves a number of parties, namely, Original Owner , Offering Agent , and Traders . 

An Original Owner is the original owner of the artwork to be offered and traded on our platform. Customarily, the Original Owner is also the artist or creator of the artwork although this is not always the case. The Original Owner must have good and marketable title to the artwork and have the right to dispose of the artwork. 

An Offering Agent is an entity that is experienced with artwork or artwork investment and has a good reputation. The Offering Agent is engaged by the Original Owner to assist him or her with the offering and trading of artwork, such as preparation of listing application and assigning an investment value, research, organizing promotions and marketing activities, communicating with potential investors, etc. 

A Trader is anyone who is 18 years or older or any entity that maintains a trading account with us through our electronic trading platform and participates in the trading of artwork units. Once a Trader acquires one or more units of an artwork, the Trader becomes a Co-Owner of that artwork. Presently, only residents of the People s Republic of China, Australia, Malaysia, Mongolia, New Zealand, Russia, Singapore and Taiwan are eligible to become a Trader. 

Additional parties such as
insurer, appraisal firm, trader service organizations and custodian for artworks will be retained in connection with the offering and
trading of artwork on our system. A trader service organization is an independent legal entity pre-approved by us to provide business
consulting services to our Traders. 

Our trading system hardware
platform is hosted by a rendered service from Amazon web and their server is in Singapore. Our clearing system hardware platform is hosted
in Hong Kong and our disaster recovery system is set up in the CITIC Telecom IDC room, located in Hong Kong. The real-time data synchronization
ensures the safety of transaction data. 

Revenue 

We generate revenue from our
services in connection with the offering and trading of artwork on our system. Our revenue mainly falls into three broad categories: (i) listing
fees, (ii) trading commissions, and (iii) management fees. To a much smaller extent, we have two additional sources of revenue,
which we began earning start in 2015. We charge an annual fee for providing Traders and Offering Agents with premium services, including
more in-depth information and tools, on the trading platform. This revenue is recognized ratably over the service agreement period. We
also began earning authorized agent subscription revenue which is an annual service fee paid by authorized agents to grant them the right
to bring their network of artwork owners to list their artwork on our trading platform. This revenue is recognized ratably over the annual
agreement period. 

7 

Sales and Marketing 

The
Company has a professional marketing team. After the platform is launched, it can be promoted online and offline simultaneously, so as
to quickly increase its popularity, and use professional marketing solutions to attract more creators and purchasers to join the platform. 

We expect that we will generate revenue from the offering and trading
of NFT on our system, primarily consisting of membership fee, trading commissions, and advertising fees. 

Customers 

Our customers are the Traders,
Original Owners and Offering Agents. We are constantly marketing and increasing our customer base, it is difficult to ascertain if the
loss of a single customer, or a few customers would have a material adverse effect on us. Suffice it to say, no one customer constitutes
in the aggregate 10 or more of our consolidated revenue. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 22 full-time employees. As for the
22 employees, 1 is General Manager, 3 are from administrative department, 5 are from financial department, 5 are from technical department,
5 are from operation department, and 3 are from marketing department. 

There are no collective bargaining
contracts covering any of our employees. We believe our relationship with our employees is satisfactory. 

Regulation 

U.S. Regulations 

On December 22, 2017,
the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act the Act was enacted by the U.S. government which included a wide range of tax reform affecting
businesses including the corporate tax rates, international tax provisions, tax credits and deduction with majority of the tax provision
effective after December 31, 2017. 

The Act establishes a flat
corporate income tax rate of 21 which supersedes the current tax rate ranging from 15 through 35 and repeals the corporate alternative
minimum tax (AMT) effective in 2018. 

Under the Act, U.S. federal
net operating losses (NOLs) carryforwards will be carried forward indefinitely while the two-year NOL carrybacks for NOLs arising in taxable
years ending after December 31, 2017 was repealed. Furthermore, the Act imposes an annual limit of 80 on the amount of the taxable
income that such NOLs can offset for the NOLs arising in taxable years ending December 31, 2019 and thereafter. 

8 

The Act has significa ntly
modified the U.S. international business tax regime, essentially transforming the framework by which U.S. and non-U.S. headquartered
businesses are taxed. The significant changes consist of: 

A
 partial participation exemption system for profits derived by US-based multinationals from foreign subsidiaries, eliminating the
 friction of a US tax upon repatriation of overseas profits 

A
 minimum tax on foreign earnings of US-based multinationals with foreign subsidiaries 

A
 base erosion tax on transactions between US and non-US affiliated corporations, in structures involving US and non-US headquartered
 groups 

A
 one-time tax on the estimated US 2-3 trillion of overseas earnings accumulated by US-based multinationals, payable over eight years,
 and thus allowing those profits to be repatriated without further US tax 

Several
 other changes across the US international tax regime addressing the source of income, FTCs, deductibility of payments, and other
 issues, including ownership and transfers of intangible property (Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income or GILTI). 

The
Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economy Security Act the CARES Act was signed into law on March 27, 2020. The CARES
Act temporarily eliminates the 80 taxable income limitation (as enacted under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017) for net operation loss NOL deductions for 2018-2020 tax years and reinstated NOL carrybacks for the 2018-2020 tax years. Moreover, the
CARES Act also temporarily increases the business interest deduction limitations from 30 to 50 of adjusted taxable income for the 2019
and 2020 taxable year. Lastly, the Tax Act technical correction classifies qualified improvement property as 15-year recovery period,
allowing the bonus depreciation deduction to be claimed for such property retroactively as if it was included in the Tax Act at the time
of enactment. The Company does not anticipate a material impact on its financial statements as of December 31, 2020 due to the recent
enactment. 

Corporate tax rate: The corporate
tax rate remains at a flat rate of 21 for 2022 and onwards. There were no changes to the corporate tax rate in recent years. 

Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT):
The corporate AMT was repealed in 2018 with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and there have been no recent changes to this policy. 

Research and Development (R D)
Tax Credit: The R D tax credit has been made permanent and was not changed in recent years. However, the Bipartisan Infrastructure
Deal of 2021 proposed some changes to the R D tax credit, such as making it more accessible for small businesses. 

9 

In August 2022, Congress passed,
and the President signed into law, the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) of 2022 (Public Law No. 117-169), which includes a 15 book minimum
tax on corporations with financial accounting profits over 1 billion US dollars (USD) and a 1 excise tax on certain stock buybacks. 

Base Erosion and Anti-Abuse
Tax (BEAT): BEAT was implemented in 2018 and there have been no significant changes in recent years. However, the Bipartisan Infrastructure
Deal of 2021 proposed to increase the rate of BEAT to 15 . 

In August 2022, Congress passed,
and the President signed into law, the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) of 2022 (Public Law No. 117-169), which includes a 15 book minimum
tax on corporations with financial accounting profits over 1 billion US dollars (USD) and a 1 excise tax on certain stock buybacks. 

Hong Kong Regulations 

As a business operating in
Hong Kong, we are subject to various regulations and rules promulgated by the Hong Kong government. The following is a brief summary
of the Hong Kong laws and regulations that currently materially affect our business. This section does not purport to be a comprehensive
summary of all present and proposed regulations and legislation relating to the industries in which we operate. 

Securities Futures 

The securities and futures
markets in Hong Kong are currently governed by the Securities Futures Ordinance SFO ). The SFO consolidates and
authorized the 10 previous ordinances regulating the securities and futures markets. The primary legislation and the subsidiary legislation
commenced operation on April 1, 2003. By law, any person carrying on, among others, a business of dealing in securities in Hong Kong,
has to be licensed by the Securities and Futures Commission SFC unless falling within one of the licensing exemptions. 

The term securities 
under the SFO is defined as: 

(a) shares,
stocks, debentures, loan stocks, funds, bonds or notes of, or issued by, or which it is reasonably foreseeable will be issued by, a body,
whether incorporated or unincorporated, or a government or municipal government authority; 

(b) 
 rights, options or interests (whether described as units or otherwise) in, or in respect of, such shares, stocks, debentures, loan stocks, funds, bonds or notes; 

10 

(c) 
 certificates of interest or participation in, temporary or interim certificates for, receipts for, or warrants to subscribe for or purchase, such shares, stocks, debentures, loan stocks, funds, bonds or notes; 

(d) 
 interests, rights or property, whether in the form of an instrument or otherwise, commonly known as securities; 

(e) 
 interests, rights or property, whether in the form of an instrument or otherwise, prescribed by notice under section 392 as being regarded as securities in accordance with the terms of the notice. 

Our business model does not
qualify as dealing in securities, as such term is defined in the SFO and as such, we are not required to obtain the requisite license
from the SFC. 

Sale of Goods 

In the event an artwork is
 delisted from our platform, we would arrange to sell the artwork on behalf of all owners of the artwork and then distribute
the proceeds of sale to them. We will be co nsidered a Commercial Agent 
under the Hong Kong Factors Ordinance and a Seller under the Hong Kong Sales of Goods Ordinance. 

The
Sale of Goods Ordinance SGO provides that goods for sale must be: 

Of
 merchantable (satisfactory) quality. Goods must meet the standard that a reasonable person would regard as satisfactory, taking account
 of any description of the goods, the price and all other relevant circumstances. The quality of goods includes their appearance and
 finish, their safety and their durability. Goods must be free from defects, even minor ones, except where these defects have been
 brought to your attention by the seller (section 16 of SGO); 

Fit
 for their purposes (section 16 of SGO); 

As
 described on the package or a display sign, or by the seller (section 15 of SGO); and 

Correspond
 with the sample (section 17 of SGO). 

If
sellers fail to meet any one of the above conditions, they are in breach of contract. Under these circumstances, consumers are entitled
to reject the goods and demand a full refund. We are according ly bound by these implied warranties of sale in the event that we
sell any artwork previously listed on our platform. 

Supply of Services 

We provide a platform to trade
in artwork units for which we are compensated by receiving listing fees, management fees and trading commissions. The Hong Kong Supply
of Services (Implied Terms) Ordinance SSO ), provides that in the absence of provisions in the contract for services, services
should be carried out with reasonable care and skill (which generally means the services must meet the standard that a reasonable person
would regard as satisfactory) section 5 of the SSO), the services should be performed within a reasonable time if the time of performance
has not been fixed by the contract (section 6 of the SSO); and a reasonable charge should be paid if the charge has not been fixed by
the contract (section 7 of the SSO). 

If service suppliers fail
to meet any one of the above conditions, they would be in breach of contract . Under these circumstances, consumers are entitled
to sue defaulting suppliers for compensation. 

11 

Section 8(1) of
the SSO provides that as against a party to a contract for the supply of a service who deals as a consumer, the other party (the service
supplier) cannot, by reference to any contract term, exclude or restrict any liability of his arising under the contract by virtue of
this Ordinance. In other words, we cannot impose a contract term that excludes or restricts our liability on breach of contract. 

In addition, the Hong Kong
Control of Exemption Clauses Ordinance subject any attempt by us to exclude our liability for financial loss or damage to property during
the course of the provision of our services to the test of reasonableness . Our exemption clauses are also controlled by
the rules of common law. For example, an exemption clause must be incorporated into the contract, and the person who is seeking to
rely on the exemption clause must show that reasonable steps have been taken to bring the clause to the attention of the other party. 

The Hong Kong Unconscionable
Contracts Ordinance only applies to a contract for the sale of goods or supply of services in which one of the contracting parties is
dealing as a consumer. If the Court finds out that the contract or any part thereof was unconscionable (unfair/not sensible) in circumstances
relating to the contract at the time when it was made, the Court would have the jurisdiction under section 5 of the Unconscionable Contracts
Ordinance to refuse to enforce the contract, or to enforce the remainder of the contract without the unconscionable part, or to limit
the application of, or to revise or alter, any unconscionable part so as to avoid any unconscionable result. 

Fair Trading 

The Trade Descriptions (Unfair
Trade Practices) (Amendment) Ordinance 2012 Amendment Ordinance came into effect on July 19, 2013 and amended the
Trade Descriptions Ordinance by prohibiting specified unfair trade practices that may be deployed against customers and strengthen the
enforcement mechanism. The Customs and Excise Department is the principal enforcement agency under the Trade Descriptions Ordinance.
Concurrent jurisdiction is conferred on the Office of the Communications Authority HKCA to enforce the new fair trading sections. The key amendments include: 

the
 expansion of the definition of trade descriptions in relation to goods, as well as the extension of the scope to cover services; 

the
 creation of new criminal offences on unfair trade practices, namely misleading omissions, aggressive commercial practices, bait advertising,
 bait-and-switch and wrongly accepting payment; 

the
 introduction of a compliance-based mechanism under which civil enforcement options, namely the acceptance of undertaking from Traders
 and the seeking of injunction from the court where necessary, can be drawn on to promote compliance with the new fair trading sections
 introduced by the Amendment Ordinance; and 

the
 creation of a new private right of action for damages to facilitate consumer redress. 

On
July 15, 2013, the Customs and Excise Department and the HKCA published the Enforcement Guidelines for the Amendment Ordinance to
state the manner in w hich they will exercise their enforcement powers and provide guidance on the operation of the new legislative
provisions. 

Intellectual Property 

Our business is dependent
on a combination of trademarks, trademark application, trade secrets and industry know-how, and copyright, in order to protect our intellectual
property rights. We have submitted trademark applications for Takung in Hong Kong, mainland China, Macau and the United
States. 

In China, the Trademark Law
and the Unfair Competition Law governs our marks. The Hong Kong SAR s trade mark registration system is separate from the system
operating in other parts of China. Trade mark registrations obtained in Chinese Trade Marks Office, or elsewhere in the world, do not
automatically get protection in the Hong Kong SAR. Trade marks must be registered in the Hong Kong SAR before they can be protected in
the Hong Kong SAR under the Trade Marks Ordinance. 

12 

Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Cap. 486)
of Hong Kong), or the PDPO 

The PDPO imposes a statutory
duty on data users to comply with the requirements of the six data protection principles (the Data Protection Principles contained in Schedule 1 to the PDPO. The PDPO provides that a data user shall not do an act, or engage in a practice, that contravenes
a Data Protection Principle unless the act or practice, as the case may be, is required or permitted under the PDPO. The six Data Protection
Principles are: 

Principle 1 purpose and manner of collection of personal data; 

Principle 2 accuracy and duration of retention of personal data; 

Principle 3 use of personal data; 

Principle 4 security of personal data; 

Principle 5 information to be generally available; and 

Principle 6 access to personal data. 

Non-compliance with a Data
Protection Principle may lead to a complaint to the Privacy Commissioner for Personal Data (the Privacy Commissioner ). The
Privacy Commissioner may serve an enforcement notice to direct the data user to remedy the contravention and/ or instigate prosecution
actions. A data user who contravenes an enforcement notice commits an offense which may lead to a fine and imprisonment. 

The PDPO also gives data subjects
certain rights, inter alia: 

the right to be informed by a data user whether the data user holds personal data of which the individual is the data subject; 

if the if the data user holds such data, to be supplied with a copy of such data; and 

the right to request correction of any data they consider to be inaccurate. 

The PDPO criminalizes, including
but not limited to, the misuse or inappropriate use of personal data in direct marketing activities, non-compliance with a data access
request and the unauthorized disclosure of the right to request correction of any data they consider to be inaccurate. 

13 

Employment 

Some of our employees are
employed in Hong Kong and we are subject to the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance EO ). The EO is the main employment legislation
in Hong Kong. It guarantees certain minimum benefits, including: 

Paid
 annual leave. 

Paid
 sick leave. 

Paid
 maternity leave. 

Subject to limited exceptions,
the EO applies to all employees working in Hong Kong, regardless of their nationality. Observing the terms of the EO is generally considered
to be mandatory, although it is not specifically expressed to be an overriding statute. 

Other mandatory law s
that are likely to apply to the employment relationship with our employees include: 

Personal
 Data (Privacy) Ordinance (PDPO). This ordinance regulates an employer s collection or surveillance, use and disclosure of an
 employee s personal data (including personal data contained in e-mails and phone calls). 

Mandatory
 Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance (MPFSO). Subject to very limited exceptions, this ordinance requires employers in Hong Kong to enroll
 employees in a Mandatory Provident Fund (MPF) Scheme (that is, a retirement scheme), to which the employer and employee must make
 certain contributions. Foreign nationals are exempt if they are posted in Hong Kong to work for a period not exceeding 13 months
 or belong to a retirement scheme outside of Hong Kong. In certain cases, a Hong Kong national working outside of Hong Kong may still
 be subject to this ordinance if the employment has sufficient connection with Hong Kong. 

Occupational
 Safety and Health Ordinance (OSHO). This ordinance imposes a duty on all employers, as far as is reasonably practical, to ensure
 the safety and health in the workplace of its employees. The OSHO covers most industrial and non-industrial workplaces in Hong Kong. 

Employees 
 Compensation Ordinance (ECO). If an employee suffers injury arising out of and in the course of employment in Hong Kong (or overseas,
 if the travel is authorized by the employer), the employer is usually liable to compensate the employee under the ECO. Eligible family
 members of an employee killed in an accident at work can also be entitled to compensation. If an employer carries on business in
 Hong Kong, its employees are protected under the ordinance. (An employee can work outside Hong Kong but his employment contract must
 have been entered into in Hong Kong.) All employers must maintain valid employees compensation insurance policies to cover
 their liabilities under the ordinance and at common law. 

14 

Companies
 Ordinance. Protects employees of a Hong Kong company (including a Hong Kong subsidiary of a foreign company) in relation to wages
 and other entitlements if the company is wound up. The employees become preferential creditors in the winding-up. 

Sex
 Discrimination Ordinance (SDO), Disability Discrimination Ordinance (DDO), Family Status Discrimination Ordinance (FSDO) and Race
 Discrimination Ordinance (RDO). All legislate against various forms of discrimination. 

Basic
 Law and the Hong Kong Bill of Rights Ordinance. These safeguard certain rights of individuals, although they have limited application
 in the context of employment law. 

Labour
 Tribunal Ordinance. This ordinance empowers the Labour Tribunal to hear and resolve disputes relating to employment contracts as
 well as alleged breaches of the EO. It potentially covers disputes involving foreign nationals or Hong Kong residents working abroad. 

Prevention
 of Bribery Ordinance (POBO). The POBO applies to employees, particularly to those who receive or solicit bribes from third parties
 (for example, an employee who receives bribes from a supplier of goods in return for placing orders with that supplier). In some
 cases, employees may also be subject to anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions. 

PRC Regulations 

As of the date of this annual report, on the basis
that we currently do not have any business operations in mainland China, we are not required to obtain approvals from the PRC authorities
to operate our business or list on the U.S. exchanges and offer or continue to offer securities; specifically, we are currently not required
to obtain any permission or approval from the CSRC, the CAC or any other PRC governmental authority to operate our business or to list
our securities on a U.S. securities exchange or issue securities to foreign investors. The laws and regulations of mainland China do not
currently have any material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations and we are currently not subject to the
PRC government s direct influence or discretion over the manner in which we conduct our business activities outside of the mainland
China. 

Nevertheless, we are aware that recently, the
PRC government adopted a series of regulatory actions and issued statements to regulate business operations in mainland China with little
advance notice, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity
reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement. Since these statements and regulatory actions are new, it is highly uncertain
how soon the legislative or administrative regulation making bodies will respond and what existing or new laws or regulations or detailed
implementations and interpretations will be modified or promulgated, if any. It is also highly uncertain what potential impact such modified
or new laws and regulations will have on our daily business operations, our ability to accept foreign investments and the listing of our
common stock on a U.S. or other foreign exchange. If there is significant change to current political arrangements between mainland China
and Hong Kong, the PRC government intervenes or influences operations of companies operated in Hong Kong like us, or exerts more control
through change of laws and regulations over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in issuers like us, it may result in
a material change in our operations and/or the value of the securities we are registering for sale or could significantly limit or completely
hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of our common stock to significantly decline
or become worthless. 

15 

Approvals, Licenses and Certificates 

We require a number of approvals,
licenses and certificates in order to operate our business. Our principal approvals, licenses and certificates are set forth below. 

Hong Kong Takung 

Certificate of Incorporation (No. 18013848) issued by Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Registrar of Companies on September 17, 2012. 

Business Registration Certificate for the year commencing September 17, 2020 to September 16, 2021. 

Hong Kong MQ 

Certificate of Incorporation (No. 2770404) issued by Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Registrar of Companies on November 27, 2018. 

Business Registration Certificate for the year commencing November 27, 2019 to November 26, 2020. 

NFT Digital 

Certificate of Incorporation filed the NYS Department of State on December
13, 2021. 

NFT Exchange 

Certificate of Incorporation dated January 7, 2022. 

Certificate of Name Change dated March 31, 2022. 

Metaverse HK 

Certificate of Incorporation (No. 3124997) issued by Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Registrar of Companies on January 27, 2022. 

Competition 

Traditionally art galleries
and auction houses provide a platform for owners of artworks to sell their collections. However, their trading model is substantially
different from ours. We believe we do not have any direct competition due to our unique business model of trading artwork ownership units
instead of the artworks. We are not aware of any other companies engaging in a similar business. 

Research and Development 

Currently, we do not have
any research and development activity. We are still connecting third parties to explore research and development projects that will help
us expand our business. 

16 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information
contained in this report before deciding to invest in our common stock. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL
CONDITION 

We are transitioning our business from PRC
based business to internationally operated with a focus in U.S. Our business plan is at its early stage of development. 

Starting from summer of 2021,
we started to expand our business to provide block chain based consulting services to the companies engaged in releasing NFT and related
businesses. In November 2021, the artwork unit trading platform operated by Tianjin Takung was suspended by the local authority as a result of
the regulatory scrutiny by PRC governments on digital asset related business started. Since beginning of 2022, we made strategic decision
to diversify our revenue stream while focusing on utilizing NFT related technologies. We are currently in an early development stage and
may be subject to growth-related risks. 

Although our management believes
that our current business strategy has significant potential, our Company may never attain profitable operations and our management may
not succeed in realizing its business objectives. If it is not able to execute our business strategy as anticipated, the Company may not
be able to achieve profitability, and our business and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Our consolidated financial statements may
be materially and adversely affected by the deconsolidation of Tianjin Takung 

Due to the deconsolidation of Tianjin Takung, the ending balance of
our restricted cash totaling 58,254,521 and 52,215,458 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, was not included in our consolidated
financial statements and was reclassified to current assets a deconsolidated entity. During 2022 and 2021, we recorded 0 and
 16.3 million in asset impairments due to the deconsolidation of Tianjin Takung as a result of the loss of control in this entity. 

In general Tianjin Takung will
not bear any legal claim and settlement, however the Company has accrued the amount of RMB408,411 for the month ended December 31, 2022
arising from three settled cases and nine pending cases; none of the pending cases have received any outcome as at April 17, 2023 

The global economy and the financial markets
may negatively affect our business and clients, as well as the supply of and demand for works of art. 

Our business is affected by global, national and local economic conditions
since the services we provide are discretionary and we depend, to a significant extent, upon a number of factors relating to discretionary
consumer spending in Hong Kong, mainland China and around the world. These factors include economic conditions and perceptions of such
conditions by Traders, employment rates, the level of Traders disposable income, business conditions, interest rates, availability
of credit and levels of taxation in regional and local markets. There can be no assurance that our services will not be adversely affected
by changes in general economic conditions in Hong Kong, mainland China and globally. 

17 

The
art market is influenced over time by the overall strength and stability of the global economy and the financial markets, although this
correlation may not be immediately evident. In addition, political conditions and world events may affect our business through their effect
on the economies, as well as on the willingness of potential buyers and sellers to invest and sell art in the wake of economic uncertainty.
On August 13, 2018, we announced the suspension of new listings of artwork on our trading platform. We attribute the decline in appetite
for artwork investments to the overall bearish sentiments in China as a result of the declines in both of the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock
exchanges and the fallout from increased peer-to-peer (P2P) loan defaults. We resumed new listings in the first quarter of 2019 and 2020.
There is no guarantee that we will never suspend them again. 

Our business operations have been and may
continue to be materially and adversely affected by the coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19). 

An
outbreak of respiratory illness caused by COVID-19 emerged in late 2019 and has spread within the PRC and globally. The coronavirus is
considered to be highly contagious and poses a serious public health threat. The World Health Organization labeled the coronavirus a pandemic
on March 11, 2020, given its threat beyond a public health emergency of international concern the organization had declared on January 30,
2020. 

Our revenues are spread throughout the world as we have a global customer
base, but our workforce is concentrated in United States and Hong Kong . The pandemic and preventive measures taken to contain or mitigate
the pandemic have caused, and may continue to cause, business slowdowns or shutdowns in affected areas and significant disruption in the
financial markets both in China and globally. These events have led to and could continue to materially impact our business and results
of operations. The negative impacts of the COVID-19 outbreak on our business have included: 

the
 uncertain economic conditions may refrain the traders from their investment activities on our trading platform; 

quarantines
 impeded our ability to recruit new service agents and traders. Travel restrictions limited other parties ability to visit
 and meet us in person. Although most communication could be achieved via video calls, this form of remote communication may be less
 effective in building trust and engaging new agents and traders. 

the
 operations of our existing authorized agents and service agents have been and could continue to be negatively impacted by the epidemic,
 which may in turn adversely impact the listing and trading transactions on our platform or result in loss of customers or disruption
 to our operations. 

We
continue to monitor the latest developments regarding the pandemic. While we do not expect that the pandemic will have a material
adverse effect on our business or financial results at this time, we are unable to accurately predict the impact that the coronavirus
will have due to various uncertainties, including the ultimate geographic spread of the virus, the severity of the disease, the duration
of the outbreak, and effectiveness of the actions that may be taken by governmental authorities. 

Additionally,
the pandemic has affected our overall ability to react timely to mitigate the impact of this event and has substantially hampered our
efforts to provide our investors with timely information and comply with our filing obligations with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

A decline in trading volumes will decrease
our trading revenues. 

Trading
volumes are directly affected by economic, political and market conditions, broad trends in business and finance, unforeseen market closures
or other disruptions in trading, the level and volatility of interest rates, inflation, changes in price levels of artworks and the overall
level of investor confidence. In recent years, trading volumes across our markets have fluctuated depending on market conditions and other
factors beyond our control. Because a significant percentage of our revenues are tied directly to the trading volumes on our markets,
a general decline in trading volumes would lower revenues and may adversely affect our operating results. Declines in trading volumes
have also impacted our market share or pricing structures and adversely affected our business and financial condition. 

18 

Our recently launched NFT platform may not be successful and
may expose us to legal, regulatory, and other risks. Given the nascent and evolving nature of cryptocurrencies, NFTs, and our NFT platform,
we may unable to accurately anticipate or adequately address such risks or the potential impact of such risks. The occurrence of any
such risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation, and prospects. 

In July 2021, the Company focused on a new direction with three initiatives
to develop blockchain and NFT related businesses, including consultancy service, NFT marketplace and blockchain-based online games. NFTs
are digital assets recorded on a blockchain ledger for verification of authenticity and ownership of a unique digital asset, such as artwork.
Given the increased scrutiny of digital assets as well as cryptocurrencies for regulatory and anti-money laundering purposes, it is possible
that the United States and other jurisdictions will engage in increased scrutiny and regulation of NFTs and our business. While NFTs and
cryptocurrencies are similar in that both are based on blockchain technology, unlike cryptocurrency units, which are fungible, NFTs have
unique identification codes and represent content on the blockchain. The record of ownership of the NFT, which establishes authenticity
and may also carry other rights, cannot be duplicated. As NFTs are a relatively new and emerging type of digital asset, the regulatory,
commercial, and legal framework governing NFTs (as well as cryptocurrencies) is likely to evolve both in the United States and internationally
and implicates issues regarding a range of matters, including, but not limited to, intellectual property rights, privacy and cybersecurity,
fraud, anti-money laundering, sanctions, and currency, commodity, and securities law implications. 

For
example, NFTs raise various intellectual property law considerations, including adequacy and scope of assignment, licensing, transfer,
copyright, and other right of use issues. The creator of an NFT will often have all rights to the content of the NFT and
can determine what rights to assign to a buyer, such as the right to display, modify, or copy the content. To the extent we are directly
or indirectly involved in a dispute between creators and buyers on our NFT trading platform, it could materially and adversely
affect the success of our NFT platform and harm our business and reputation. NFTs, and our NFT platform, may also
be an attractive target for cybersecurity attacks. For example, a perpetrator could seek to obtain the private key associated with a digital
wallet holding an NFT to access and sell the NFT without valid authorization, and the owner of the NFT may
have limited recourse due to the nature of blockchain transactions and of cybercrimes generally. NFT marketplaces,
including our NFT platform, may also be vulnerable to attacks where an unauthorized party acquires the necessary credentials
to access user accounts. The safeguards we have implemented or may implement in the future to protect against cybersecurity threats may
be insufficient. If our NFT platform were to experience any cyberattacks, it could negatively impact our reputation and market
acceptance of our platform. 

NFTs,
and our NFT platform, may also be subject to regulations of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN of the U.S. Department of Treasury and the Bank Secrecy Act. Further, the Office of Foreign Assets Controls OFAC has signaled
sanctions could apply to digital transactions and has pursued enforcement actions involving cryptocurrencies and digital asset accounts.
The nature of many NFT transactions also involve circumstances which present higher risks for potential violations, such as
anonymity, subjective valuation, use of intermediaries, lack of transparency, and decentralization associated with blockchain technology.
In addition, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has stated that cryptocurrencies, with which NFTs have some similarities, fall within
the definition of commodities. If NFTs were deemed to be a commodity, NFT transactions could be subject to prohibitions
on deceptive and manipulative trading or restrictions on manner of trading (e.g., on a registered derivatives exchange), depending on
how the transaction is conducted. Moreover, if NFTs were deemed to be a security, it could raise federal and state securities
law implications, including exemption or registration requirements for marketplaces for NFT transactions, sellers of NFTs, and
the NFT transactions themselves, as well as liability issues, such as insider trading or material omissions or misstatements,
among others. NFT transactions may also be subject to laws governing virtual currency or money transmission. For example, New
York has legislation regarding the operation of virtual currency businesses. NFT transactions also raise issues regarding compliance
with laws of foreign jurisdictions, many of which present complex compliance issues and may conflict with one another. Our launch and
operation of our NFT platform expose us to the foregoing risks, among others, any of which could materially and adversely affect
the success of our NFT platform and harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation, and prospects. 

19 

As
the market for NFTs is relatively nascent, it is difficult to predict how the legal and regulatory framework around NFTs will develop
and how such developments will impact our business and our NFT platform. Further, market acceptance of NFTs is uncertain as
buyers may be unfamiliar or uncomfortable with digital assets generally, how to transact in digital assets, or how to assess the value
of NFTs. The launch of our NFT platform also subjects us to risks similar to those associated with any new platform offering,
including, but not limited to, our ability to accurately anticipate market demand and acceptance, our ability to successfully launch our
new NFT platform offering, creator and buyer acceptance, technical issues with the operation of our new NFT platform,
and legal and regulatory risks as discussed above. We believe these risks may be heightened with respect to our NFT platform,
as NFTs are still considered a relatively novel concept. If we fail to accurately anticipate or manage the risks associated with our NFT platform
or with our facilitation of cryptocurrency transactions, or if we directly or indirectly become subject to disputes, liability, or other
legal or regulatory issues in connection with our NFT platform or cryptocurrency transactions, our NFT platform may
not be successful and our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation, and prospects could be materially harmed. 

Our facilitation of transaction in digital works on our NFT platform
exposes us to risks under U.S. and foreign tax laws. 

Although
under U.S. federal tax laws, cryptocurrencies are currently considered property versus currency, we are obligated to report transactions
involving cryptocurrencies in U.S. dollars and must determine their fair market value on each transaction date. The U.S. federal taxing
authorities have issued limited guidance on cryptocurrency transactions. The current guidance treats the use of cryptocurrency to purchase
a NFT as a taxable disposition of the cryptocurrency, which subjects the holder to taxable gain that such holder must report
for federal and state tax purposes. Similarly, a seller of a NFT is subject to tax on the sale of the NFT. Congress is
currently proposing legislation that could require us to report such transactions to the IRS. Our failure to accurately record or report
the cryptocurrency and NFT sales transacted through our NFT platform, or held by us, would expose us to adverse tax
consequences, penalties, and interest. Moreover, the IRS, in connection with audits of cryptocurrency exchanges, has successfully sued
to obtain account holder transaction and tax information. The applicability of tax laws in the United States and foreign jurisdictions
with respect to cryptocurrency and NFTs will continue to evolve. This uncertainty increases the risk of non-compliance with tax laws,
which in turn could result in adverse tax consequences, penalties, investigations or audits, litigation, account holder lawsuits, or the
need to revise or restate our financial statements and associated consequences therewith, among other things. Any of the foregoing could
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation, and prospects. 

System limitations or failures could harm
our business. 

Our
businesses depend on the integrity and performance of the technology, computer and communications systems supporting them. If our systems
cannot expand to cope with increased demand or otherwise fail to perform, we could experience unanticipated disruptions in service, slower
response times and delays in the introduction of new services. These consequences could result financial losses and decreased customer
service and satisfaction. If trading volumes increase unexpectedly or other unanticipated events occur, we may need to expand and upgrade
our technology, transaction processing systems and network infrastructure. We do not know whether we will be able to accurately project
the rate, timing or cost of any increases, or expand and upgrade our systems and infrastructure to accommodate any increases in a timely
manner. 

We have insufficient insurance coverage 

We
presently do not have any insurance to cover certain events such as physical damage to our office premises and resulting business interruption,
certain injuries occurring on our property and liability for breach of legal responsibilities as we believe, based on our organization,
business model and the remote possibility of the incurrence of substantial damages from such events, that the costs of such insurance
greatly exceeds the benefits of having it. However, in the possible event of a significant loss from such an event, this may severely
impact our performance or continue as a going concern. 

20 

The success of our business depends on our
ability to market and advertise the services we provide effectively. 

Our
ability to establish effective marketing campaigns is the key to our success. Our advertisements promote our corporate image and our services.
If we are unable to increase awareness of our brand, the benefits of using our trading platform to invest in artwork and that such investment
is secure, we may not be able to attract new Traders. Our marketing activities may not be successful in promoting our services or in retaining
and increasing our Trader base. We cannot assure you that our marketing programs will be adequate to support our future growth, which
may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Our success is dependent on the receptiveness
of traders of artwork to our platform. 

We
believe the demand for artwork listings will be generated by our Traders. We hope to educate our Traders on the merits of using our platform
to invest in artwork. Not only in the subject artwork secure and insured, it requires less capital for our Traders to invest as they need
only invest in artwork units and not purchase the entire piece of artwork. We hope that they will see their investment as less risky as
they are presented with the opportunity to diversify their investments through various pieces of artwork. Our success would accordingly
depend on the receptiveness of Traders to the merits of investments on our platform. 

If we are unable to renew the lease of our
property, our operations may be adversely affected. 

We
do not directly own the land over the property we lease. We may lose our leases or may not be able to renew it when it is due on terms
that are reasonable or favorable to us. This may have adverse impact on our operations, including disrupting our operations or increasing
our cost of operations. 

The failure to manage growth effectively
could have an adverse effect on our employee efficiency, working capital levels, and results of operations. 

Any
significant growth in the market for our services or our entry into new markets may require an expansion of our employee base for managerial,
operational, financial, and other purposes. As of the date of this annual report, we have 22 full time employees.
During any growth, we may face problems related to our operational and financial systems and controls. We would also need to continue
to expand, train and manage our employee base. Continued future growth will impose significant added responsibilities upon the members
of management to identify, recruit, maintain, integrate, and motivate new employees. 

Aside from increased difficulties
in the management of human resources, we may also encounter working capital issues, as we will need increased liquidity to finance the
purchase of supplies, development of new services, and the hiring of additional employees. For effective growth management, we will be
required to continue improving our operations, management, and financial systems and controls. Our failure to manage growth effectively
may lead to operational and financial inefficiencies that will have a negative effect on our profitability. We cannot assure investors
that we will be able to timely and effectively meet that demand and maintain the quality standards required by our existing and potential
customers. 

21 

If we need additional capital to fund our
growing operations, we may not be able to obtain sufficient capital and may be forced to limit the scope of our operations. 

If
adequate additional financing is not available on reasonable terms, we may not be able to undertake our expansion plan and we would have
to modify our business plans accordingly. There is no assurance that additional financing will be available to us. 

In
connection with our growth strategies, we may experience increased capital needs and accordingly, we may not have sufficient capital
to fund our future operations without additional capital investments. Our capital needs will depend on numerous factors, including (i) our
profitability; (ii) the competitive services by our competitors; (iii) the level of our investment in research and development;
and (iv) the amount of our capital expenditures, including acquisitions. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain capital
in the future to meet our needs. 

If
we cannot obtain additional funding, we may be required to: (i) limit our future investments in research and development;
(ii) limit our marketing efforts; and (iii) decrease or eliminate capital expenditures. Such reductions could materially adversely
affect our business and our ability to compete. 

Even
if we do find a source of additional capital, we may not be able to negotiate terms and conditions for receiving the additional capital
that are acceptable to us. Any future capital investments could dilute or otherwise materially and adversely affect the holdings or rights
of our existing shareholders. In addition, new equity or convertible debt securities issued by us to obtain financing could have rights,
preferences and privileges senior to our common stock. We cannot give you any assurance that any additional financing will be available
to us, or if available, will be on terms favorable to us. 

We are dependent on certain key personnel
and loss of these key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
success is, to a certain extent, attributable to the management and operational and technical expertise of certain key personnel. In addition,
we will require an increasing number of experienced and competent executives and other members of senior management to implement our growth
plans. If we lose the services of any member of our senior management, we may not be able to locate suitable or qualified replacements,
and may incur additional expenses to recruit and train new personnel, which could severely disrupt our business and prospects. 

We are dependent on a trained workforce
and any inability to retain or effectively recruit such employees, particularly distribution personnel and regional retail managers for
our business, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We must attract, recruit and retain a sizeable workforce of qualified
and trained staff to operate our business. Our ability to implement effectively our business strategy and expand our operations will depend
upon, among other factors, the successful recruitment and retention of highly skilled and experienced technical and marketing personnel.
There is significant competition for qualified personnel in our business and we may not be successful in recruiting or retaining sufficient
qualified personnel consistent with our current and future operational needs. 

22 

Our financial results may fluctuate because
of many factors and, as a result, investors should not rely on our historical financial data as indicative of future results. 

Fluctuations
in operating results or the failure of operating results to meet the expectations of public market analysts and investors may negatively
impact the market price of our securities. Operating results may fluctuate in the future due to a variety of factors that could affect
revenues or expenses in any particular quarter. Fluctuations in operating results could cause the value of our securities to decline.
Investors should not rely on comparisons of results of operations as an indication of future performance. As result of the factors listed
below, it is possible that in future periods results of operations may be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors.
This could cause the market price of our securities to decline. Factors that may affect our quarterly results include: 

vulnerability of our business to a general economic downturn in Hong Kong and mainland China; 

fluctuation and unpredictability of the prices of the products we sell; 

changes in the laws and regulations of Hong Kong and mainland China that affect our operations; and 

our ability to obtain necessary government certifications and/or licenses to conduct our business. 

If we fail to establish and maintain effective
internal control over financial reporting, our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results in accordance with U.S. GAAP
could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, investor confidence in us and the market price of our equities could decline
significantly if we conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective. 

Since 2016, we enhanced our internal controls over financial reporting
by making the following changes: (i) we established a desired level of corporate governance with regard to identifying and measuring
the risk of material misstatement, (ii) we set up a key monitoring mechanism including independent directors and audit committee
to oversee and monitor our risk management, business strategies and financial reporting procedure, (iii) we have a Chief Financial
Officer with SEC and US GAAP expertise and (iv) we have strengthened our financial team by employing more qualified accountant(s) to
enhance the quality of our financial reporting function. We conducted out an evaluation using the framework set forth in Internal Control
- Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission with the participation of
our management, including Kuangtao Wang, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Jianguang Qian, the Company s Chief Financial
Officer of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under
the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based upon that evaluation, we concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. However, we do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal
control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated,
is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no
evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues
and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. Accordingly, if in spite of such changes and improvements, our
internal controls are still ineffective in our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results in accordance with U.S. GAAP,
this could result in inaccuracies in our financial statements and could also impair our ability to comply with applicable financial reporting
requirements and make related regulatory filings on a timely basis. This, in turn, could result in a material adverse impact on us and
undermine investor confidence in us and the market price of our equities could decline significantly. 

23 

Security breaches and attacks against our
systems and network, and any potentially resulting breach or failure to otherwise protect confidential and proprietary information, could
damage our reputation and negatively impact our business, as well as materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results
of operations. 

Although we have employed
significant resources to develop our security measures against breaches, our cybersecurity measures may not detect or prevent all attempts
to compromise our systems, including distributed denial-of-service attacks, viruses, malicious software, break-ins, phishing attacks,
social engineering, security breaches or other attacks and similar disruptions that may jeopardize the security of information stored
in and transmitted by our systems or that we otherwise maintain. Breaches of our cybersecurity measures could result in unauthorized access
to our systems, misappropriation of information or data, deletion or modification of client information, or a denial-of-service or other
interruption to our business operations. As techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage systems change frequently and
may not be known until launched against us or our third-party service providers, we may be unable to anticipate, or implement adequate
measures to protect against, these attacks. 

If we are unable to avert
these attacks and security breaches, we could be subject to significant legal and financial liability, our reputation would be harmed
and we could sustain substantial revenue loss from lost sales and customer dissatisfaction. We may not have the resources or technical
sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyber-attacks. Cyber-attacks may target us, our Traders or other participants,
the communication infrastructure, or the e-platform on which we depend. Actual or anticipated attacks and risks may cause us to incur
significantly higher costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and network protection technologies, train employees, and engage
third-party experts and consultants. Cybersecurity breaches would not only harm our reputation and business, but also could materially
decrease our revenue and net income. 

Future inflation may inhibit our ability
to conduct business profitably. 

Recently, the US economy has
experienced high rates of inflation. High inflation may in the future cause US governments to impose controls on credit and/or prices,
or to take other action, which could inhibit economic activity in US, and thereby harm the market for our services. 

The Company s
requirements could exceed the amount of time or level of experience that our officer and directors may have. 

Our success largely depends on the continuing services of our chief
executive officer and chairman of the board of directors, Kuangtao Wang, our chief financial officer, Jianguang Qian, and our directors,
Guisuo Lu, Doug Buerger and Ronggang (Jonanthan) Zhang. Our continued success, also, depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified
personnel. We believe that Messrs. Li, Wang, Qian, Lu, Buerger and Zhang possess valuable business development and marketing knowledge,
experience and leadership abilities that would be difficult in the short term to replicate. The loss of their services could have an adverse
effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition as our potential future revenues. 

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to attract and hire officers or directors with similar experience to operate our business, in
the event that any one of them is otherwise unsuccessful in doing so. 

Because our funds are held in banks which
may not be covered by sufficient insurance, the failure of any bank in which we deposit our funds could affect our ability to continue
our business. 

Banks and other financial
institutions in Hong Kong and China may not be covered by sufficient insurance for funds held on deposit. The Hong Kong Deposit Protection
Board manages and supervises the operation of the Deposit Protection Scheme, which protects deposit amounts up to only 64,487 (HK 500,000).
On May 1, 2015, the State Council of People s Republic of China, released the Regulations on Deposit Insurance, with a scheme
that would insure up to 76,628 (RMB500,000) in deposits made by businesses and individuals per bank. The scheme is backed by a fund run
by the People s Bank of China. 

As a result, in the event
of a bank failure, we may not have access to funds on deposit. Depending upon the amount of money we maintain in a bank that fails, our
inability to have access to our cash could impair our operations, and, if we are not able to access funds to pay our employees and other
creditors, we may be unable to continue in business. 

24 

Our annual effective income tax rate can
change significantly as a result of a combination of changes in our U.S. and foreign earnings and other factors, including changes in
tax laws or changes made by regulatory authorities. 

Our consolidated effective
income tax rate is equal to our total income tax expense (benefit) as a percentage of total book income (loss) before tax. However, income
tax expense and benefits are recognized on a jurisdictional or legal entity basis instead of worldwide or consolidated level basis. Losses
in one jurisdiction may not be used to offset profits in other jurisdictions and may cause an increase in our tax rate. Changes in statutory
income tax rates and laws, as well as initiation of tax audits by local and foreign authorities, could impact the amount of income tax
liability and income taxes we are required to pay. In addition, any fluctuation in the earnings (or losses) of the jurisdictions and assumptions
used in the calculation of income taxes could have a significant effect on our consolidated effective income tax rate. Furthermore, our
effective tax rate could increase if we are unable to generate sufficient future taxable income in certain jurisdictions, or if we are
otherwise required to increase our valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets. 

We are subject to taxation in multiple jurisdictions.
As a result, any adverse development in the tax laws of any of these jurisdictions or any disagreement with our tax positions could have
a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

We are subject to taxation
in, and to the tax laws and regulations of, multiple jurisdictions particularly in the United States, People s Republic of China
and Hong Kong SAR. In addition, tax authorities in any applicable jurisdiction, including the United States, may disagree with the positions
we have taken or intend to take regarding the tax treatment or characterization of any of our transactions. In the event any applicable
tax authorities effectively sustained their positions which are different from our tax treatment of any of our transactions, it could
have a significant adverse impact on our business, consolidated results of our operations as well as consolidated financial condition. 

Our financial position and results of operations
may be significantly impacted by any unfavorable tax consequences due to the changes to the fiscal policies or tax regulations. 

On December 22, 2017,
the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act which includes significant changes to the U.S. corporate income tax system and U.S. international tax regime. The effect of the international
provisions of the Tax Act resulted in a one-time deemed repatriation tax on unremitted foreign earnings and profits (a transition
tax ), a minimum tax on foreign earnings of U.S.-based multinationals with foreign subsidiaries, a base erosion tax on transactions
between U.S. and non-U.S. affiliated corporations, in structures involving U.S. and non-US headquartered groups, a partial participation
exemption for dividends from foreign subsidiaries and several other changes across the U.S. international tax provisions addressing the
source of income, FTCs, deductibility of payments and other issues, including ownership and transfers of intangible property (Global Intangible
Low-Taxed Income or GILTI). 

The remaining international
tax provisions will be effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. The Company has evaluated whether it has additional
provision amount resulted by the GILTI inclusion on current earnings and profits of its foreign controlled corporations. See our discussion
and analysis of income tax in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The growth of aging receivables and a deterioration
in the collectability of these accounts could adversely affect our results of operations. 

We provide for bad debts principally based upon the aging of accounts
receivable, in addition to collectability of specific customer accounts, our history of bad debts, and the general condition of the industry.
During December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized 8,484 and 154,387, respectively, in provision for doubtful accounts. 

While the management exercised
its caution in the entry into agreements with authorized agents, who in turn select Traders and the Company reviewed the Traders, certain
Traders could pay arrears the monthly fee and owe debts to the Company for a long period. In the event the Company has to write off the
amount of uncollectible receivables of the authorized agent subscription fee and commission fee from the selected Traders, and if such
write-off is material, it may have adverse impact on our financial results. 

25 

RISKS RELATED TO DOING BUSINESS IN HONG
KONG 

Our operations are conducted by our subsidiaries
in Hong Kong and the United States. Accordingly, the laws and regulations of the PRC do not currently have any material impact on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. However, if certain PRC laws and regulations were to become applicable to a company
such as us in the future, the application of such laws and regulations may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition
and results of operations and our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, any of which may cause the value of our
common stock, to significantly decline or become worthless. 

The Hong Kong legal system embodies uncertainties
which could limit the legal protections available to you and us. 

As one of the conditions for
the handover of the sovereignty of Hong Kong to China, China had to accept some conditions such as Hong Kong s Basic Law before
its return. The Basic Law ensured Hong Kong will retain its own currency (the Hong Kong Dollar), legal system, parliamentary system and
people s rights and freedom for fifty years from 1997. This agreement had given Hong Kong the freedom to function in a high degree
of autonomy. The Special Administrative Region SAR of Hong Kong is responsible for its own domestic affairs including,
but not limited to, the judiciary and courts of last resort, immigration and customs, public finance, currencies and extradition. Hong
Kong continues using the English common law system. 

Some international observers
and human rights organizations have expressed doubts about the future of the relative political freedoms enjoyed in Hong Kong, and about
the PRC s pledge to allow a high degree of autonomy in Hong Kong. They considered, for example, that the proposals in Article 23
of the Basic Law in 2003 (which was withdrawn due to mass opposition) might have undermined autonomy. On June 10, 2014, Beijing released
a new report asserting its authority over the territory. This ignited criticism from many people in Hong Kong, who said that the Communist
leadership was reneging on its pledges to abide by the one country, two systems policy that allows for a democratic, autonomous
Hong Kong under Beijing s rule. 

If the PRC were to, in fact,
renege on its agreement to allow Hong Kong to function autonomously, this could potentially impact Hong Kong s common law legal
system and may in turn bring about uncertainty in, for example, the enforcement of our contractual rights. This could, in turn, materially
and adversely affect our business and operation. Additionally, intellectual property rights and confidentiality protections in Hong Kong
may not be as effective as in the United States or other countries. Accordingly, we cannot predict the effect of future developments in
the Hong Kong legal system, including the promulgation of new laws, changes to existing laws or the interpretation or enforcement thereof,
or the preemption of local regulations by national laws. These uncertainties could limit the legal protections available to us, including
our ability to enforce our agreements with our customers. 

It will be difficult to acquire jurisdiction
and enforce liabilities against our officers, directors and assets based in Hong Kong. 

Substantially all of our assets will be located in Hong Kong and United
States, and our officers and our present directors reside outside of the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for United
States investors to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of
United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties of our directors and officers under Federal securities laws. 

We may have difficulty establishing adequate
management, legal and financial controls in Hong Kong, which could impair our planning processes and make it difficult to provide accurate
reports of our operating results. 

Although we will be required
to implement internal controls, we may have difficulty in hiring and retaining a sufficient number of qualified employees to work in Hong
Kong and mainland China in these areas. As a result of these factors, we may experience difficulty in establishing the required controls,
making it difficult for management to forecast its needs and to present the results of our operations accurately at all times. If we are
unable to establish the required controls, market makers may be reluctant to make a market in our stock and investors may be reluctant
to purchase our stock, which would make it difficult for you to sell any shares of common stock that you may own or acquire. 

26 

Although we and our subsidiaries are not
based in mainland China and we have no operations in mainland China, the PRC government may intervene or influence our current and future
operations in Hong Kong at any time, or may exert more control over overseas offerings and listings and/or foreign investment in issuers
like ourselves. It may result in a material adverse change in our Hong Kong subsidiaries operations, significantly limit or completely
hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of our securities to significantly decline
or become worthless, which would materially affect the interests of the investors. 

We and our subsidiaries are
not based in mainland China and do not have operations in mainland China. We currently do not have or intend to set up any subsidiary
in mainland China, or do not foresee the need to enter into any contractual arrangements with a VIE to establish a VIE structure in mainland
China. Pursuant to the Basic Law, which is a national law of the PRC and the constitutional document for Hong Kong, national laws of the
PRC shall not be applied in Hong Kong except for those listed in Annex III of the Basic Law and applied locally by promulgation or local
legislation. The Basic Law expressly provides that the national laws of the PRC which may be listed in Annex III of the Basic Law shall
be confined to those relating to defense and foreign affairs as well as other matters outside the autonomy of Hong Kong. The basic policies
of the PRC regarding Hong Kong as a special administrative region of the PRC are reflected in the Basic Law, providing Hong Kong with
a high degree of autonomy and executive, legislative and independent judicial powers, including that of final adjudication under the principle
of one country, two systems . 

However, in light of the PRC government s recent expansion of
authority in Hong Kong, we may be subject to uncertainty about any future actions of the PRC government or authorities in Hong Kong, and
it is possible that all the legal and operational risks associated with being based in and having operations in the PRC may also apply
to operations in Hong Kong in the future. There is no assurance that there will not be any changes in the economic, political and legal
environment in Hong Kong. The PRC government may intervene or influence our current and future operations in Hong Kong at any time, or
may exert more control over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in issuers like ourselves. Such governmental actions,
if and when they occur: (i) could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to continue our operations; (ii) could significantly
limit or hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer our common stock to investors; and (iii) may cause the value of our common stock
to significantly decline or become worthless. 

There remain some uncertainties
as to whether we will be required to obtain approvals from Chinese authorities to list on the U.S. exchanges and offer securities in
the future, and if required, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such approval. 

The Regulations on Mergers
and Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors (the M A Rules ), adopted by six PRC regulatory agencies
in 2006 and amended in 2009, requires an overseas special purpose vehicle formed for listing purposes through acquisitions of PRC domestic
companies and controlled by PRC companies or individuals to obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to the listing and trading of such special
purpose vehicle s securities on an overseas stock exchange. 

We are also aware that, recently,
the PRC government initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate business operations in certain areas in mainland
China with little advance notice, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over mainland-China-based
companies listed overseas using variable interest entity structure, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews,
and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement. For example, on July 6, 2021, the General Office of the Communist Party of China
Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued the Opinions on Strictly and Lawfully Cracking Down Illegal
Securities Activities to crack down on illegal activities in the securities market and promote the high-quality development of the capital
market, which, among other things, requires the relevant governmental authorities to strengthen cross-border oversight of law-enforcement
and judicial cooperation, to enhance supervision over mainland-China-based companies listed overseas, and to establish and improve the
system of extraterritorial application of the PRC securities laws. 

27 

On December 28, 2021, the
CAC and other PRC authorities promulgated the Cybersecurity Review Measures, which took effect on February 15, 2022. In addition, the
Cybersecurity Law, which was adopted by the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress on November 7, 2016 and came into
force on June 1, 2017, and the Cybersecurity Review Measures, or the Review Measures , provide that personal information
and important data collected and generated by a critical information infrastructure operator in the course of its operations in mainland
China must be stored in mainland China, and if a critical information infrastructure operator purchases internet products and services
that affect or may affect national security, it should be subject to national security review by the CAC together with competent departments
of the State Council. In addition, for critical information infrastructure operators, or the CIIOs , that purchase network-related
products and services, the CIIOs shall declare any network-related product or service that affects or may affect national security to
the Office of Cybersecurity Review of the CAC for cybersecurity review. Due to the lack of further interpretations, the exact scope of
what constitutes a CIIO remains unclear. Further, the PRC government authorities may have wide discretion in the interpretation
and enforcement of these laws. In addition, the Review Measures stipulates that any online platform operators holding more than one million
users/users individual information shall be subject to cybersecurity review before listing abroad. As of the date of this annual,
neither we nor our subsidiaries received any notice from any authorities identifying us or our subsidiaries as a CIIO or requiring us
or our subsidiaries to undertake a cybersecurity review by the CAC. Further, as of the date of this annual report, neither we nor our
subsidiaries have been subject to any penalties, fines, suspensions, investigations from any competent authorities for violation of the
regulations or policies that have been issued by the CAC. 

On June 10, 2021, the Standing
Committee of the National People s Congress promulgated the Data Security Law which took effect on September 1, 2021. The Data Security
Law requires that data shall not be collected by theft or other illegal means, and it also provides for a data classification and hierarchical
protection system. The data classification and hierarchical protection system protects data according to its importance in economic and
social development, and the damages it may cause to national security, public interests, or the legitimate rights and interests of individuals
and organizations if the data is falsified, damaged, disclosed, illegally obtained or illegally used, which protection system is expected
to be built by the state for data security in the near future. On November 14, 2021, the CAC published the Regulations on the Data Security
Administration Draft, or the Data Security Regulations Draft , to solicit public opinion and comments. Under the Data Security
Regulations Draft, an overseas initial public offering to be conducted by a data processor processing the personal information of more
than one million individuals shall apply for a cybersecurity review. Data processor means an individual or organization that independently
makes decisions on the purpose and manner of processing in data processing activities, and data processing activities refers to activities
such as the collection, retention, use, processing, transmission, provision, disclosure, or deletion of data. Our Hong Kong subsidiary,
Metaverse HK may collect and store certain data (including certain personal information) from our clients who may be PRC individuals.
We do not currently expect the Review Measures to have an impact on our business, operations or this offering as we do not believe that
Metaverse HK is deemed to be a CIIO or a data processor controlling personal information of no less than one
million users, that are required to file for cybersecurity review for overseas listing, because (i) Metaverse HK is incorporated and operating
in Hong Kong without any subsidiary or VIE structure in mainland China and the Review Measures remains unclear whether it shall be applied
to a Hong Kong company; (ii) as of the date of this annual report, Metaverse HK did not collect or store any personal information of individual
clients of mainland China; and (iii) as of the date of this annual report, Metaverse HK has not been informed by any PRC governmental
authority of any requirement that it file for a cybersecurity review. Based on laws and regulations currently in effect in the PRC as
of the date of this annual report, we believe our Hong Kong subsidiaries are not required to pass the cybersecurity review of the CAC
in order to list our common stock in the U.S. 

28 

In addition, on February 17,
2023, the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the CSRC promulgated the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities
Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies, or the Trial Measures, and five supporting guidelines, which came into effect
on March 31, 2023. Pursuant to the Trial Measures, domestic companies that seek to offer or list securities overseas, both directly and
indirectly, shall complete filing procedures with the CSRC pursuant to the requirements of the Trial Measures within three working days
following its submission of initial public offerings or listing application. If a domestic company fails to complete required filing procedures
or conceals any material fact or falsifies any major content in its filing documents, such domestic company may be subject to administrative
penalties, such as an order to rectify, warnings, fines, and its controlling shareholders, actual controllers, the person directly in
charge and other directly liable persons may also be subject to administrative penalties, such as warnings and fines. According to the
Notice on the Administrative Arrangements for the Filing of the Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies from the
CSRC, or the CSRC Notice, the domestic companies that have already been listed overseas before the effective date of the
Trial Measures (namely, March 31, 2023) shall be deemed as existing issuers (the Existing Issuers ). Existing Issuers are
not required to complete the filing procedures immediately, and they shall be required to file with the CSRC for any subsequent offerings.
Based on laws and regulations currently in effect in the PRC as of the date of this annual report, we believe our Hong Kong subsidiaries
are not required to obtain regulatory approval from the CSRC in order to list our shares of common stock in the U.S. 

Since these rules, statements and regulatory actions are new, it is
highly uncertain how soon the legislative or administrative regulation making bodies will respond and what existing or new laws or regulations
or detailed implementations and interpretations will be modified or promulgated, if any. Any failure of us to fully comply with new regulatory
requirements may cause significant disruption to our business operations, materially and adversely affect our financial condition and
results of operations, and cause our common stock to significantly decline in value or become worthless. 

As of the date of this annual report, on the basis that we currently
do not have any business operations in mainland China, we believe are not required to obtain approvals from the PRC authorities to operate
our business or list on the U.S. exchanges and offer or continue to offer securities; specifically, we are currently not required to obtain
any permission or approval from the CSRC, the CAC or any other PRC governmental authority to operate our business or to list our securities
on a U.S. securities exchange or issue securities to foreign investors. However, if we and our Hong Kong subsidiaries (i) do not receive
or maintain such approval, should the approval be required in the future by the PRC government, (ii) inadvertently conclude that such
approval is not required, or (iii) applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change and we are required to obtain such approval
in the future, our operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected, and our ability to offer or continue to
offer securities to investors could be significantly limited or completely hindered and the securities currently being offered may substantially
decline in value and become worthless. 

Although the audit
report included in this prospectus is prepared by U.S. auditors who are currently inspected by the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (the PCAOB ), there is no guarantee that future audit reports will be prepared by auditors inspected by the PCAOB
and, as such, in the future investors may be deprived of the benefits of such inspection. Furthermore, trading in our securities may
be prohibited under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (the HFCA Act if the SEC subsequently determines our
audit work is performed by auditors that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely, and as a result, U.S. national securities
exchanges, such as NYSE American, may determine to delist our securities. Furthermore, on December 29, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations
Act, was signed into law by President Biden. The Consolidated Appropriations Act contained, among other things, an identical provision
to AHFCAA, which reduce the number of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCA Act from
three years to two. 

29 

As an auditor of companies
that are registered with the SEC and publicly traded in the United States and a firm registered with the PCAOB, our auditor is required
under the laws of the United States to undergo regular inspections by the PCAOB to assess their compliance with the laws of the United
States and professional standards. 

Although we have operations
in Hong Kong, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections without the approval of the Chinese government
authorities, our auditor, Assentsure PAC, the independent registered public accounting firm that issues the audit report included elsewhere
in this annual report, is subject to laws in the United States pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts regular inspections to assess our
auditor s compliance with the applicable professional standards. Inspections of other auditors conducted by the PCAOB outside mainland
China and Hong Kong have at times identified deficiencies in those auditors audit procedures and quality control procedures, which
may be addressed as part of the inspection process to improve future audit quality. The lack of PCAOB inspections of audit work undertaken
in mainland China and Hong Kong prevents the PCAOB from regularly evaluating auditors audits and their quality control procedures.
As a result, if there is any component of our auditor s work papers become located in mainland China and Hong Kong in the future,
such work papers will not be subject to inspection by the PCAOB. As a result, investors would be deprived of such PCAOB inspections, which
could result in limitations or restrictions to our access of the U.S. capital markets. 

As part of a continued regulatory focus in the United States on access
to audit and other information currently protected by national law, in particular mainland China s, in June 2019, a bipartisan group
of lawmakers introduced bills in both houses of the U.S. Congress which, if passed, would require the SEC to maintain a list of issuers
for which PCAOB is not able to inspect or investigate the audit work performed by a foreign public accounting firm completely. The proposed
Ensuring Quality Information and Transparency for Abroad-Based Listings on our Exchanges EQUITABLE Act prescribes increased
disclosure requirements for these issuers and, beginning in 2025, the delisting from U.S. national securities exchanges such as NYSE American
of issuers included on the SEC s list for three consecutive years. It is unclear if this proposed legislation will be enacted. Furthermore,
there have been recent deliberations within the U.S. government regarding potentially limiting or restricting China-based companies from
accessing U.S. capital markets. On May 20, 2020, the U.S. Senate passed the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (the HFCA
Act ), which includes requirements for the SEC to identify issuers whose audit work is performed by auditors that the PCAOB is unable
to inspect or investigate completely because of a restriction imposed by a non-U.S. authority in the auditor s local jurisdiction.
The U.S. House of Representatives passed the HFCA Act on December 2, 2020, and the HFCA Act was signed into law on December 18, 2020.
Additionally, in July 2020, the U.S. President s Working Group on Financial Markets issued recommendations for actions that can
be taken by the executive branch, the SEC, the PCAOB or other federal agencies and department with respect to Chinese companies listed
on U.S. stock exchanges and their audit firms, in an effort to protect investors in the United States. In response, on November 23, 2020,
the SEC issued guidance highlighting certain risks (and their implications to U.S. investors) associated with investments in China-based
issuers and summarizing enhanced disclosures the SEC recommends China-based issuers make regarding such risks. On March 24, 2021, the
SEC adopted interim final rules relating to the implementation of certain disclosure and documentation requirements of the HFCA Act. We
will be required to comply with these rules if the SEC identifies us as having a non-inspection year (as defined in the
interim final rules) under a process to be subsequently established by the SEC. The SEC is assessing how to implement other requirements
of the HFCA Act, including the listing and trading prohibition requirements described above. Under the HFCA Act, our securities may be
prohibited from trading on NYSE American or other U.S. stock exchanges if our auditor is not inspected by the PCAOB for three consecutive
years, and this ultimately could result in our common stock being delisted. 

30 

Furthermore, on June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act AHFCAA ), which, if enacted, would amend the HFCA Act and require the SEC to prohibit
an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive
years instead of three and would reduce the time before our securities may be prohibited from trading or delisted. On September 22, 2021,
the PCAOB adopted a final rule implementing the AHFCAA, which provides a framework for the PCAOB to use when determining, as contemplated
under the AHFCAA, whether the Board is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms located in a foreign
jurisdiction because of a position taken by one or more authorities in that jurisdiction. On November 5, 2021, the SEC approved the PCAOB s
Rule 6100, Board Determinations Under the HFCA Act. On December 2, 2021, the SEC issued amendments to finalize rules implementing the
submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCA Act. The rules apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual
report with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that PCAOB is
unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in foreign jurisdictions. On December 16, 2021,
the PCAOB issued a Determination Report which found that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting
firms headquartered in: (1) mainland China of the PRC, and (2) Hong Kong. In addition, the PCAOB s report identified the specific
registered public accounting firms which are subject to these determinations. On December 29, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act,
was signed into law by President Biden. The Consolidated Appropriations Act contained, among other things, an identical provision to AHFCAA,
which reduce the number of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCA Act from three years
to two. Our auditor is registered with the PCAOB and is subject to laws in the United States pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts regular
inspections to assess our auditor s compliance with the applicable professional standards. Our auditor, Assentsure PAC, is headquartered
in Singapore. Therefore, our auditor is subject to the Determination announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021. Moreover, the PCAOB
currently has access to inspect the audit workpapers of our PRC subsidiaries or any PRC-based subsidiary. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the future, if there is any regulatory change or steps taken by the PRC regulators that do not permit Assentsure PAC to provide audit
documentation located in China or Hong Kong to the PCAOB for inspection or investigation, or the PCAOB expands the scope of the Determination
so that we are subject to the HFCA Act, as the same may be amended, you may be deprived of the benefits of such inspection which could
result in limitation or restriction to our access to the U.S. capital markets and trading of our securities, including trading on the
national exchange and trading on over-the-counter markets, may be prohibited under the HFCA Act. However, in the event the
PRC authorities would further strengthen regulations over auditing work of Chinese companies listed on the U.S. stock exchanges, which
would prohibit our current auditor to perform work in China, then we would need to change our auditor and the audit workpapers prepared
by our new auditor may not be inspected by the PCAOB without the approval of the PRC authorities, in which case the PCAOB may not be able
to fully evaluate the audit or the auditors quality control procedures. Furthermore, due to the recent developments in connection
with the implementation of the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, we cannot assure you whether the SEC, Nasdaq or other regulatory
authorities would apply additional and more stringent criteria to us after considering the effectiveness of our auditor s audit
procedures and quality control. Our auditor, Assentsure PAC, is headquartered in Singapore, not mainland China or Hong Kong and was not
identified in this report as a firm subject to the PCAOB s determination. Therefore, our auditor is not currently subject to the
determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021, and it is currently subject to the PCAOB inspections. 

While our auditor is based
outside mainland China and Hong Kong, and is registered with the PCAOB and has been inspected by the PCAOB on a regular basis, in the
event it is later determined that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely our auditor because of a position taken by
an authority in a foreign jurisdiction, then such lack of inspection could cause trading in the our securities to be prohibited under
the HFCA Act, and ultimately result in a determination by a securities exchange to delist our securities. In addition, the recent developments
would add uncertainties to the listing and trading of our shares of common stock and we cannot assure you whether NYSE American or regulatory
authorities would apply additional and more stringent criteria to us after considering the effectiveness of our auditor s audit
procedures and quality control procedures, adequacy of personnel and training, or sufficiency of resources, geographic reach or experience
as it relates to the audit of our financial statements. It remains unclear what the SEC s implementation process related to the
above rules will entail or what further actions the SEC, the PCAOB or NYSE American will take to address these issues and what impact
those actions will have on U.S. companies that have significant operations in the PRC and have securities listed on a U.S. stock exchange
(including a national securities exchange or over-the-counter stock market). In addition, the above amendments and any additional actions,
proceedings, or new rules resulting from these efforts to increase U.S. regulatory access to audit information could create some uncertainty
for investors, the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected, and we could be delisted if we and our auditor are unable
to meet the PCAOB inspection requirement or being required to engage a new audit firm, which would require significant expense and management
time. 

31 

On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB signed a Statement of Protocol (the SOP Agreements with the CSRC and China s Ministry of Finance. The SOP Agreement, together with two protocol agreements (collectively,
 SOP Agreements ), governs inspections and investigations of audit firms based in mainland China and Hong Kong, taking the
first step toward opening access for the PCAOB to inspect and investigate registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland
China and Hong Kong. Pursuant to the fact sheet with respect to the Protocol disclosed by the SEC, the PCAOB shall have independent discretion
to select any issuer audits for inspection or investigation and has the unfettered ability to transfer information to the SEC. On December
15, 2022, the PCAOB Board determined that the PCAOB was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate registered public accounting
firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong and voted to vacate its previous determinations to the contrary. However, should PRC
authorities obstruct or otherwise fail to facilitate the PCAOB s access in the future, the PCAOB Board will consider the need to
issue a new determination. Delisting of our common stock would force holders of our common stock to sell their common stock. The market
price of our common stock could be adversely affected as a result of anticipated negative impacts of these executive or legislative actions
upon, as well as negative investor sentiment towards, companies with significant operations in China that are listed in the United States,
regardless of whether these executive or legislative actions are implemented and regardless of our actual operating performance. 

The enactment of Law of the PRC on Safeguarding
National Security in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (the Hong Kong National Security Law could impact our
Hong Kong subsidiaries. 

On June 30, 2020, the Standing
Committee of the PRC National People s Congress adopted the Hong Kong National Security Law. This law defines the duties and government
bodies of the Hong Kong National Security Law for safeguarding national security and four categories of offences secession,
subversion, terrorist activities, and collusion with a foreign country or external elements to endanger national security and
their corresponding penalties. On July 14, 2020, the former U.S. President Donald Trump signed the Hong Kong Autonomy Act (the HKAA ),
into law, authorizing the U.S. administration to impose blocking sanctions against individuals and entities who are determined to have
materially contributed to the erosion of Hong Kong s autonomy. On August 7, 2020 the U.S. government imposed HKAA-authorized sanctions
on eleven individuals, including HKSAR chief executive Carrie Lam. On October 14, 2020, the U.S. State Department submitted to relevant
committees of Congress the report required under HKAA, identifying persons materially contributing to the failure of the Government
of China to meet its obligations under the Joint Declaration or the Basic Law. The HKAA further authorizes secondary sanctions,
including the imposition of blocking sanctions, against foreign financial institutions that knowingly conduct a significant transaction
with foreign persons sanctioned under this authority. The imposition of sanctions may directly affect the foreign financial institutions
as well as any third parties or customers dealing with any foreign financial institution that is targeted. It is difficult to predict
the full impact of the Hong Kong National Security Law and HKAA on Hong Kong and companies located in Hong Kong. If our Hong Kong subsidiary
is determined to be in violation of the Hong Kong National Security Law or the HKAA by competent authorities, our business operations,
financial position and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

The PRC government may intervene
or influence our operations at any time or may exert more control over overseas offerings and listings and foreign investment in China-based
issuers, which may result in a material change in our operations and/or the value of our common stock. Additionally, the governmental
and regulatory interference could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors
and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

32 

There are political risks associated with
conducting business in Hong Kong. 

We operate our business through
subsidiaries in Hong Kong and the United States. Accordingly, our business operations and financial condition will be affected by the
political and legal developments in Hong Kong. During the period covered by the financial information included in this annual report,
we derive part of our revenue from operations in Hong Kong. Any adverse economic, social and/or political conditions, material social
unrest, strike, riot, civil disturbance or disobedience, as well as significant natural disasters, may adversely affect our business operations.
Hong Kong is a special administrative region of the PRC and the basic policies of the PRC regarding Hong Kong are reflected in the Basic
Law, namely, Hong Kong s constitutional document, which provides Hong Kong with a high degree of autonomy and executive, legislative
and independent judicial powers, including that of final adjudication under the principle of one country, two systems . However,
there is no assurance that there will not be any changes in the economic, political and legal environment in Hong Kong in the future.
Since a part of our operations is based in Hong Kong, any change of such political arrangements may pose an immediate threat to the stability
of the economy in Hong Kong, thereby directly and adversely affecting our results of operations and financial position. 

If the PRC attempts to alter
its agreement to allow Hong Kong to function autonomously, this could potentially impact Hong Kong s common law legal system and
may in turn bring about uncertainty in, for example, the enforcement of our contractual rights. This could, in turn, materially and adversely
affect our business and operations. Additionally, intellectual property rights and confidentiality protections in Hong Kong may not be
as effective as in the United States or other countries. Accordingly, we cannot predict the effect of future developments in the Hong
Kong legal system, including the promulgation of new laws, changes to existing laws or the interpretation or enforcement thereof, or the
preemption of local regulations by national laws. These uncertainties could limit the legal protections available to us, including our
ability to enforce our agreements with our customers.	 

The Hong Kong protests that
began in 2019 are ongoing protests in Hong Kong (the Hong Kong Protests triggered by the introduction of the Fugitive Offenders
amendment bill by the Hong Kong government. If enacted, the bill would have allowed the extradition of criminal fugitives who are wanted
in territories with which Hong Kong does not currently have extradition agreements, including mainland China. This led to concerns that
the bill would subject Hong Kong residents and visitors to the jurisdiction and legal system of mainland China, thereby undermining the
region s autonomy and people s civil liberties. Various sectors of the Hong Kong economy have been adversely affected as the
protests turned increasingly violent. Most notably, the airline, retail, and real estate sectors have seen their sales decline. 

Under the Basic Law of the
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People s Republic of China, Hong Kong is exclusively in charge of its internal affairs
and external relations, while the government of the PRC is responsible for its foreign affairs and defense. As a separate customs territory,
Hong Kong maintains and develops relations with foreign states and regions. Based on certain recent developments including the Law of
the People s Republic of China on Safeguarding National Security in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region issued by the Standing
Committee of the PRC National People s Congress in June 2020, the U.S. State Department has indicated that the United States no
longer considers Hong Kong to have significant autonomy from China and President Trump signed an executive order and the HKAA to remove
Hong Kong s preferential trade status and to authorize the U.S. administration to impose blocking sanctions against individuals
and entities who are determined to have materially contributed to the erosion of Hong Kong s autonomy. These and other recent actions
may represent an escalation in political and trade tensions involving the U.S., China and Hong Kong, which could potentially harm our
business. 

33 

Our revenue is susceptible
to the ongoing incidents or factors which affect the stability of the social, economic and political conditions in Hong Kong. Any drastic
events may adversely affect our business operations. Such adverse events may include changes in economic conditions and regulatory environment,
social and/or political conditions, civil disturbance or disobedience, as well as significant natural disasters. Given the relatively
small geographical size of Hong Kong, any of such incidents may have a widespread effect on our business operations, which could in turn
adversely and materially affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. It is difficult to predict the full impact
of the HKAA on Hong Kong and companies with operations in Hong Kong like us. Furthermore, legislative or administrative actions in respect
of China-U.S. relations could cause investor uncertainty for affected issuers, including us, and the market price of our Ordinary Shares
could be adversely affected. 

We may be affected by the currency peg system
in Hong Kong. 

Since 1983, Hong Kong dollars
have been pegged to the U.S. dollars at the rate of approximately HK 7.80 to US 1.00. We cannot assure you that this policy will not be
changed in the future. If the pegging system collapses and Hong Kong dollars suffer devaluation, the Hong Kong dollar cost of our expenditures
denominated in foreign currency may increase. This would in turn adversely affect the operations and profitability of our business. 

We may rely on dividends and other distributions
on equity paid by our subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may have, and any limitation on the ability of our subsidiaries
to make payments to us could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business. 

We are a holding company incorporated
in the state of Delaware, and we may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our subsidiaries for our cash and financing
requirements, including the funds necessary to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders and service any debt we
may incur. If any of our subsidiaries incurs debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict its
ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. 

Under the current practice
of the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, no tax is payable in Hong Kong in respect of dividends paid by us. Any limitation on the
ability of our Hong Kong subsidiary to pay dividends or make other distributions to us could materially and adversely limit our ability
to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our business, pay dividends, or otherwise fund and conduct our business. 

RISKS RELATING TO INVESTMENT IN OUR SECURITIES 

An active public market for our common stock
may not develop or be sustained, which would adversely affect the ability of our investors to sell their securities in the public market. 

We cannot predict the extent
to which an active public market for our common stock will develop or be sustained. 

Shares eligible for future sale may adversely
affect the market price of our common stock, as the future sale of a substantial amount of outstanding stock in the public marketplace
could reduce the price of our common stock. 

Holders of a significant number
of our shares and/or their designees may be eligible to sell our shares of common stock by means of ordinary brokerage transactions in
the open market pursuant to Rule 144, promulgated under the Securities Act Rule 144 ), subject to certain limitations.
In general, pursuant to Rule 144, a non-affiliate shareholder (or shareholders whose shares are aggregated) who has satisfied a six-month
holding period, and provided that there is current public information available, may sell all of its securities. Rule 144 also permits
the sale of securities, without any limitations, by a non-affiliate that has satisfied a one-year holding period. Any substantial sale
of common stock pursuant to any resale prospectus or Rule 144 may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock
by creating an excessive supply. 

34 

If we fail to maintain effective internal
controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud, and our business, financial condition, results
of operations and reputation could be materially and adversely affected. 

We are a public company and
our internal controls are essential to the integrity of our business and financial results. Our public reporting obligations place a strain
on our management, operational and financial resources and systems. Although we have implemented measures to enhance our internal controls,
and plan to take steps to further improve our internal controls, if we encounter difficulties in improving our internal controls and management
information systems, we may incur additional costs and management time in meeting our improvement goals. We cannot assure you that the
measures taken to improve our internal controls will be effective. If we fail to maintain effective internal controls in the future, our
business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation may be materially and adversely affected. 

Compliance with changing regulation of corporate governance and
public disclosure will result in additional expenses. 

Changing laws, regulations
and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including SOX and related SEC regulations, have created uncertainty
for public companies and significantly increased the costs and risks associated with accessing the public markets and public reporting.
Our management team will need to invest significant management time and financial resources to comply with both existing and evolving
standards for public companies, which will lead to increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and
attention from revenue generating activities to compliance activities. 

We do not foresee paying cash dividends
in the near future. 

We do not plan to declare
or pay any cash dividends on our shares of common stock in the foreseeable future and currently intend to retain any future earnings for
funding growth. As a result, investors should not rely on an investment in our securities if they require the investment to produce dividend
income. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

The
Company leases an office at Office
Q, 11th Floor, Kings Wing Plaza 2, No. 1 Kwan Street, Sha Tin, New Territories, Hong Kong from a third party for
a lease term of one year starting from October 10, 2022, with an annual rent of US 10,000. The lease agreement does not offer the lessee
an option to renew the lease upon expiration. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

Due to the increased regulatory
scrutiny by PRC government on digital asset related businesses, the artwork unit trading platform operated by the PRC subsidiary, Tianjin
Takung, was suspended by the local authority. The management became aware of the suspension on or around November 8, 2021. The local authority
indicated that the suspension was to facilitate certain investigation although it did not announce the purpose of the investigation. The
Company intended to fully cooperate with the local authority s investigation. As of the date of this report, there has been no development
in regard with this investigation. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

35 

PART II 

Item 5. Market
for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Our common stock was originally
quoted on the OTCBB from October 2013 under the designation CARD . On November 5, 2014, we amended our name from
 Cardigant Medical Inc. to Takung Art Co., Ltd and on November 12, 2014, our symbol was changed to TKAT .
Our common stock began trading on the NYSE American from March 22, 2017. 

Holders of Our Common Stock 

As of April 12, 2023, we had
120 registered shareholders of our common stock, which does not include the shares held in street name by brokerage firms. The holders
of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders. Holders of
the common stock have no preemptive rights and no right to convert their common stock into any other securities. There is no redemption
or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. 

Dividends 

Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive such dividends
as may be declared by our board of directors. No dividends on our common stock have ever been paid, and we do not anticipate that dividends
will be paid on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Registration Rights 

We have no other obligation
to register under the Securities Act any of our shares of common stock. 

Equity Compensation Plans 

For information on securities
authorized for issuance under our existing equity compensation plan, see Item 12 under the heading Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

Stock Transfer Agent 

Our stock transfer agent is
VStock Transfer, LLC, 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, New York 11598. 

Repurchase of Equity Securities by Takung
Art Co., Ltd and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

36 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On May 28, 2021, the Company
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with a company incorporated in British Virgin Islands BVI entity ). In
exchange for an aggregate amount of 86,560 shares of common stocks of the BVI entity, the Company shall remit 500,000 in cash and issue
572,000 restricted shares of the Company to the BVI entity. On August 21, 2021, both parties entered into an Amendment to Securities
Purchase Agreement and the number of restricted shares of the Company to be issued to the BVI entity was increased to 1,558,480. The
Company remitted the cash payment of 500,000 to the BVI entity on August 20, 2021. On September 9, 2021, an aggregate amount of
1,558,480 restricted shares at a price of 6.5 was issued to the BVI entity. The Company recognized the carrying amount of this
equity investment, 10,630,120, in noncurrent asset. 

On July 12, 2021, pursuant
to the terms of that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated July 8, 2021, the Company sold 571,429 shares of its common stock, to
an institutional investor at a price of 8.75 per share, for gross proceeds of 5,000,000 before deducting the placement agent fee and
offering expenses. 

On March 9, 2022, the Company
entered into certain securities purchase agreement, dated February 23, 2022, as amended on March 9, 2022, with certain purchasers who
are non-U.S. Persons as defined in Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Pursuant to the securities purchase
agreement, the Company agreed to issue 10,238,910 units for a per unit price of 2.93. Each unit consists of one share of the common stock
of the Company, par value 0.001 per share and a warrant to purchase three shares of common stock. The transaction contemplated by the
securities purchase agreement was closed on April 14, 2022. 

On June 27, 2022, the Company
entered into certain securities purchase agreement with certain purchasers who are non-U.S. Persons as defined in Regulation
S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as amended on July 27, 2022, pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell 10,380,623 units,
each unit consisting of one share of the common stock of the Company, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock and
a warrant to purchase two shares of Common Stock (the Warrant ). The purchase price of each Unit was 2.89. The gross proceeds
to the Company from this offering will be approximately 30 million. Upon further discussion among the parties, on August 24, 2022, the
termination date of the Warrant has been amended from five (5) years to one and a half (1.5) years, and the exercise price for each Warrant
has been amended from 3.6125 to 2.375. The transaction contemplated by the securities purchase agreement was closed on September 13,
2022. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Not applicable. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion and
analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes thereto. 

37 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This report contains certain
statements that may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of United States of America securities laws. All
statements, other than statements of historical fact, that address activities, events or developments that we intend, expect, project,
believe or anticipate and similar expressions or future conditional verbs such as will, should, would, could or may occur in the future
are forward-looking statements. Such statements are based upon certain assumptions and assessments made by our management in light of
their experience and their perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors they believe
to be appropriate. 

These statements include,
without limitation, statements about our anticipated expenditures, including those related to general and administrative expenses;
the potential size of the market for our services, future development and/or expansion of our services in our markets, our ability
to generate revenues, our ability to obtain regulatory clearance and expectations as to our future financial performance. Our actual
results will likely differ, perhaps materially, from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors,
including: our need and ability to raise additional cash. The forward-looking statements included in this report are subject to a number
of additional material risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to the risks described in our filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. 

The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our financial statements and the related
notes to those statements included in this filing. In addition to historical financial information, this discussion may contain forward-looking
statements reflecting our current plans, estimates, beliefs and expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many
important factors, particularly those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements , our actual results
and the timing of events may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. 

Overview 

We, through our wholly owned
subsidiary, Hong Kong Takung, operate an electronic online platform located at https://www.nftoeo.com/for artists, art dealers and art
investors to offer and trade valuable artwork. We offer online listing and trading services that allow artists, art dealers and owners
to access a much bigger art trading market where they can engage with a wide range of investors that they might not encounter without
our platform. Our platform also makes investment in high-end and expensive artwork more accessible to ordinary people without substantial
financial resources. 

We generate revenue from our
services in connection with the offering and trading of artwork on our system, primarily consisting of listing fee, trading commissions,
management fee and consultancy service fee on NFT projects. 

The company s NFT business
outlook can be described in several aspects below. 

38 

NFT Market Insights 

Digital artwork based on NFT technology is becoming a hot asset. The
earliest NFT projects can be traced back to the 2017 bull market CryptoKitties (the encrypted cats), which had the properties of scarcity
and value anchoring of ownership. At its peak, a virtual cat could sell for more than 100,000. In terms of NFT artwork, in March 2021,
artist Beeple s NFT work Every Day: The First 5,000 Days sold for 69.346 million, making it the third-highest price
for a living artist. According to a report by Invezz, the NFT market was worth 338 million in 2020, and it has grown by 800 to reach
 490 million in 2021. With the help of the bull market wave, NFT has grown rapidly. As of the first quarter of 2021, the total transaction
volume of the NFT market has exceeded 1.5 billion US dollars, an increase of more than 2627 from the previous quarter. In April 2021,
the total market value of NFTs exceeded 30 billion for the first time, setting a new all-time high. Currently, NFTs can be used in the
fields including games, artworks, domain names, insurance, collectibles, virtual assets, real assets, identities, etc. With the vigorous
development of the digital world, many businesses will appear in digital form, and the application space and technological imagination
of NFT are expected to become more and more attractive in the new digital economy world. 

New business model 

TKAT s business model revolves
around the theme of free circulation of value and creation of a unique digital work exchange platform , allowing each user
to create, buy and sell various irreplaceable digital works to realize the value of works. 

New business types 

A. 
 Providing consulting services such as artwork valuation/appreciation potential 

Avoiding poor offline communication and incomplete information, tapping
into the needs of users and providing comprehensive consulting services on topics such as labor cost, artist influence, artistic value
of works, and channels for obtaining works, which not only serves customers but also creates value for the company. 

B. 
 NFT trading service 

TKAT is building a fully functional NFT trading platform, which has
been in operation and generating revenue since June 2022. The platform is designed to include the categories of digital works such as
artwork, music videos, collectibles, game props, sports, metaverse, virtual world, social tokens, and meet the needs of various users
as much as possible. It is able to realize the whole business process of user registration-certification-work uploading-work casting-work
trading. In the transaction process, the Company extracts a portion of the processing fee (including token minting, first sale, and second
sale) to create value. 

C. 
 Advertising service 

After the TKAT platform has reached a certain user base, it will be
able to provide advertising and publicity services for users or the company itself. The business model is not limited to categories and
industries, such as investment promotion, work promotion, and industry promotion. 

39 

New Strategic Direction 

TKAT is committed to creating an original digital platform that integrates
games, artworks, domain names, insurance, collectibles, virtual assets, real assets, identity and other fields, and changes the market
status of traditional industries through its own efforts. Strategic goals: basic platform building-targeted population entry-providing
services (consulting services, transaction services, advertising services)-optimizing the platform and expanding the scope of services-full
service. 

Competitor analysis 

Opensea is an NFT market exchange.
It has more than 20,000 users. Compared with projects in the popular decentralized finance DeFi field, it is second only
to Uniswap, kyber and Compound, and higher than maker, 0x, etc. As a trading platform with a relatively high status in the NFT field,
OpenSea has a complete range of collections, equivalent to Taobao in the NFT world. At present, the trading market of OpenSea has nearly
40,000 users, and the monthly transaction volume exceeds 5 million US dollars. Coinbase s new NFT platform hits 1.4 million signups.
The Coinbase platform has an active population of 50,000 users. The service rates for each service are as follows: 1. Rarible s
minting fees are borne by the creators themselves, and the royalties are also set by the creators themselves, with default amounts of
10 , 20 and 30 . 2. VIV3 s NFT minting costs and profits come from the 12.5 service fee it collects on the first and second sales.
3. OpenSea does not need gas fee to mint NFT. 4. Rarible charges a 2.5 service fee on the first sale. On the SuperRare platform, a 15 
commission is charged on the first sale and a 3 fee (paid by the buyer) is charged on the second sale. 

Our
headquarters are located in Hong Kong, Special Administrative Region, People s Republic of China and we conduct our business primarily
in the United States and Hong Kong through a global online platform. Our principal executive offices are located at Office Q, 11 th 
Floor, Kings Wing Plaza 2, No. 1, Kwan Street, Shatin, New Territory, Hong Kong. 

Competitive Advantages 

The advantages of Takung in
the NFT transaction and blockchain market are as follows: 

Innate industry advantages 

In recent years, digital artworks
of NFT technology based on blockchain technology are becoming popular assets. The NFT online platform the Company built can effectively
solve the current situation such as unclear ownership of property, difficulty in distinguishing authenticity and low efficiency of artwork
circulation. Convert business development from offline to online operation, so that the value of digital works can be freely circulated
online. 

Advantages of the core
management team 

The core team members of Takung
have experience in blockchain technology development and NFT trading platform operation, which can ensure a smoother development and business
operation in the later stage. 

Takung s platform
advantages 

The currently developed and
launched NFT online trading platform supports multi-category product uploads, including: Digital art, Digital oil painting, Produced by
Gallery, Personal products, Artist signature, Oil on canvas, Print, Paper ink, Device, Comprehensive media, Derivative, and It will be
continuously enriched and improved according to customer interests. The NFT trading platform has stable performance, high security and
easy to maintain. At the front end of the system, the Company will continuously improve the operability and user experience of the system
focusing on improving the user experience. 

Technical advantages 

The Company s digital works exchange platform that has been launched
is built by a professional technical team. Each technician has rich industry experience, can work under a short development cycle or high
pressure, and has a number of relevant industry benchmarking projects experience. The capability of the technical team ensures the strong
technical support in the later system optimization and iterative update. 

Marketing advantages 

The Company has a professional
marketing team. After the platform goes online, it can be promoted online and offline simultaneously, so as to quickly increase the popularity
of the platform, and use professional marketing solutions to attract more creators and demanders to join in the platform. 

40 

Results of Operations 

For the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 

The following tables set forth
our consolidated statements of operations data: 

For the year ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 
 
 Revenue 

Listing fee 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Commission 
 3,403,536 
 - 
 3,403,536 
 
 Management fee 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Consultancy fee 
 - 
 120,000 
 (120,000 
 
 Revenue 
 3,403,536 
 120,000 
 3,283,536 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 (782,790 
 - 
 (782,790 
 
 Gross profit 
 2,620,746 
 120,000 
 2,500,746 
 
 Selling expenses 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 (3,677,967 
 (13,565,548 
 9,887,581 
 
 Non-marketable investment impairment 
 (9,296,754 
 (1,333,506 
 (7,963,248 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 1,331,191 
 (1,331,191 
 
 Gain on disposal of subsidiaries 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (12,974,721 
 (13,567,863 
 593,142 
 
 Loss from continuing operations 
 (10,353,975 
 (13,447,863 
 (3,093,888 
 
 Total other (expense) income 
 1,186 
 (93 
 1,279 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (10,352,789 
 (13,447,956 
 (3,095,167 
 
 Income tax expense 
 255,805 
 - 
 255,805 
 
 Net loss from continuing operations 
 (10,608,594 
 (13,447,956 
 2,839,362 
 
 Net loss from discontinued operations 
 (322,075 
 (16,625,555 
 (16,303,480 
 
 Net loss 
 (10,930,669 
 (30,073,511 
 19,142,842 

41 

Revenue 

Revenue by category 

The following table presents our revenue by category: 

For the year ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Listing fee-Continuing operations 
 - 
 - 
 
 Listing fee-Discontinued operations 
 - 
 876,658 
 
 Commission-Continuing operations 
 3,403,536 
 - 
 
 Commission-Discontinued operations 
 - 
 2,088,920 
 
 Management fee-Continuing operations 
 - 
 - 
 
 Management fee-Discontinued operations 
 - 
 1,482,610 
 
 Consultancy fee-Continuing operations 
 - 
 120,000 
 
 Consultancy fee-Discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 
 Subtotal 
 3,403,536 
 4,568,188 
 
 Less: Revenue - discontinued operations 
 - 
 (4,448,188 
 
 Total revenue - continuing operations 
 3,403,536 
 120,000 

Revenue by customer type 

The following table presents our revenue by customer
type: 

For the year ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Artwork owners 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non - VIP traders 
 3,403,536 
 - 
 
 VIP traders 
 - 
 - 
 
 Corporate advisee 
 - 
 120,000 
 
 Subtotal 
 3,403,356 
 4,568,188 
 
 Less: Revenue - discontinued operations 
 - 
 (4,448,188 
 
 Total revenue continuing operations 
 3,403,356 
 120,000 

(i) 
 Listing fee revenue 

Listing fee revenue is calculated
based on a percentage of the listing value and transaction value of artworks. 

Listing value is the total
offering price of an artwork when the ownership units are initially listed on our trading platform. We utilize an appraised value as a
basis to determine the appropriate listing value for each artwork, or portfolio of artworks. 

(ii) 
 Commission fee revenue 

For non-VIP Traders, the commission
revenue was calculated based on a percentage of transaction value of artworks, which we charge trading commissions for the purchase and
sale of the ownership shares of the artworks. The commission is typically 5 of the total amount of each transaction. The commission is
accounted for as revenue and immediately deducted from the proceeds from the sales of artwork units when a transaction is completed. 

42 

(iii) 
 Management fee revenue 

Our legacy online trading platform
from discontinued operations charges Traders a management fee to cover the costs of insurance, storage, and transportation for an artwork
and trading management of artwork units. The management fee is recognized when the artwork is sold and is deducted from proceeds from
the sale of artwork ownership shares when there is a purchase and sale transaction. 

Cost of Revenue 

Cost of revenue primarily
includes the following: commission paid to service agents, depreciation, internet service charges, artwork insurance and artwork storage
costs. 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Commission paid to service agents 
 - 
 1,099,540 
 
 Depreciation 
 - 
 114,215 
 
 Internet service charge 
 782,790 
 47,696 
 
 Artwork insurance 
 - 
 50,878 
 
 Artwork storage 
 - 
 47,096 
 
 Others 
 - 
 - 
 
 Subtotal 
 782,790 
 1,359,425 
 
 Less: Cost of revenue discontinued operations 
 - 
 (1,359,425 
 
 Total 
 782,790 
 - 

Cost of revenue continuing
operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 782,790 and 0 respectively. 

Cost of revenue discontinued
operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0 and 1,359,425 respectively. 

Gross Profit 

Gross profit for our continuing operations was 2,620,746 for the year
ended December 31, 2022, compared to 120,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The gross profit for our continuing operations
in 2021 was generated from the provision of consultancy service related to NFT business. Due to the suspension of Tianjin s operation,
we reclassified listing revenue, commission revenue and management revenue as well as the corresponding cost of revenue to net income
or loss from discontinued operations. 

43 

Operating Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses for the continuing operations were 3,677,967 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 13 , 565,548
for the year ended December 31, 2021 with a decline by 9,887,581. 

General and administrative
expenses from the discontinued operations were 323,772 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 0 for the same period in 2021,
with an increase by 323,772. During 2021, Hong Kong Takung lost its control over the operation of Tianjin Takung and the assets, liabilities
and results of operations of Tianjin Takung was deconsolidated. 

The following table sets forth
the main components of our general and administrative expenses of our continuing operations and for discontinued operations for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Amounts for the year ended December 31, 2021 had been reclassified due to the deconsolidation of
Tianjin Takung. 

For the year ended 
December 31, 
2022 

For the year ended 
December 31, 
2021 

Amount( 

of Total 

Amount( 

of Total 

Salary and welfare 

1,592,911 

12.0 

97,234 

0.6 

Office, insurance and rental expenses 

34,309 

0.3 

304,890 

1.8 

Legal and professional fees 

1,204,669 

9.1 

1,028,884 

6.2 

Consultancy fee 

658,082 

4.9 

216,141 

1.3 

Depreciation expenses 

1,395 

0.0 

117 

0.0 

Traveling and accommodation expenses 

- 

28 

0.0 

Share-based compensation 

- 

10,881,967 

65.7 

Others 

9,483,355 

71.3 

1,036,287 

6.3 

Total general administrative expenses-continuing operations 

12,974,721 

97.6 

13,565,548 

81.9 

Total general administrative expenses-a discontinued operations 

323,772 

2.4 

2,990,228 

18.1 

Total 

13,298,493 

100.0 

16,555,776 

100.0 

The continuing operation
also incurred a total of nil in selling expenses from its continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

Other (expenses) income 

Other expenses from the continuing operations for the year ended December 31,
2022 was 1186 compared to other expenses 93 for the same period in 2021. 

Loss before income taxes 

Our continuing operations incurred
loss before income taxes 10,352,789 and 13,447,956 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Loss before income
taxes of our continuing operations was significantly higher in 2021 as we incurred a higher share-based compensation in 2021. 

To disclose loss before tax from
discontinued operations for FY2021, 322,075 for the year ended December 31, 2022 while generated loss before income taxes, 16,113,160
in the same period in 2021 

44 

Income tax expense 

The Company s effective
tax rate varies due to its multiple jurisdictions in which the pretax book incomes or losses incur. The Company was subject to a U.S.
income tax rate of 21 , Hong Kong profits tax rate at 8.25 for the first HK 2 million (approximately 257,311) assessable profits and
at 16.5 for assessable profits above HK 2 million (approximately 257,311) (16.5 prior to January 1, 2018) and PRC enterprise
income tax rate at 25 . 

The Global Intangible Low-taxed
Income (GILTI) is a new provision introduced by the Tax Act. U.S. shareholders, who are domestic corporations, of controlled foreign corporations
(CFCs) are eligible for up to an 80 deemed paid foreign tax credit (FTC) and a 50 deduction of the current year inclusion with the full
amount of the Section 78 gross-up subject to limitation. This new provision is effective for tax years of foreign corporations beginning
after December 31, 2017. The Company has evaluated whether it has additional provision amount resulted by the GILTI inclusion on
current earnings and profits of its foreign controlled corporations. The Company has made an accounting policy choice of treating taxes
due on future U.S. inclusions in taxable amount related to GILTI as a current period expense when incurred. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company does not have any aggregated positive tested income; and as such, does not have additional provision amount recorded
for GILTI tax. 

The Coronavirus Aid, Relief
and Economy Security (CARES) Act the CARES Act, H.R. 748 was signed into law on 27 March 2020. The CARES Act temporarily
eliminates the 80 taxable income limitation (as enacted under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017) for NOL deductions for 2018-2020 tax
years and reinstated NOL carrybacks for the 2018-2020 tax years. Moreover, the CARES Act also temporarily increases the business interest
deduction limitations from 30 to 50 of adjusted taxable income for the 2020 taxable year. Lastly, the Tax Act technical correction classifies
qualified improvement property as 15-year recovery period, allowing the bonus depreciation deduction to be claimed for such property retroactively
as if it was included in the Tax Act at the time of enactment. The company does not anticipate a material impact on its financial statements
as of December 31, 2022 due to the recent enactment. 

The two-tier profits tax
rates system was introduced under the Inland Revenue (Amendment)(No.3) Ordinance 2018 the Ordinance of Hong Kong became
effective for the assessment year 2018/2019. Under the two-tier profit tax rates regime, the profits tax rate for the first HK 2 million
(approximately 257,868) of assessable profits of a corporation will be subject to the lowered tax rate, 8.25 while the remaining assessable
profits will be subject to the legacy tax rate, 16.5 . The Ordinance only allows one entity within a group of connected entities 
is eligible for the two-tier tax rate benefit. An entity is a connected entity of another entity if (1) one of them has control
over the other; (2) both of them are under the control (more than 50 of the issued share capital) of the same entity; (3) in
the case of the first entity being a natural person carrying on a sole proprietorship business-the other entity is the same person carrying
on another sole proprietorship business. 

The provision for current
income and deferred taxes of Hong Kong Takung has been calculated by applying the new tax rate of 8.25 . Hong
Kong MQ still apply the original tax rate of 16.5 for its provision for current income and deferred taxes. 

In accordance with the relevant
tax laws and regulations of the PRC, a company registered in the PRC is subject to income taxes within the PRC at the applicable tax rate
on taxable income. All the PRC subsidiaries that are not entitled to any tax holiday were subject to income tax at a rate of 25 for the
year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

45 

The income tax expense from
the continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 255,805 and nil. 

The income tax expense from
the discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0 and 512,395, respectively. 

Net Loss 

As a result of our operations
aforementioned, our net losses after income taxes for continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 10,352,789
and 13,447,956, respectively. 

Our discontinued operations generated
net loss 322,075 for the year ended December 31, 2022 while net loss after income tax 16,625,555 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Foreign currency translation profit and loss 

We had a foreign currency translation profit and loss for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of 560,759 and (13,059), respectively. 

Comprehensive loss 

As a result of the above, we posted a comprehensive loss of 10,369,910
and 30,086,570 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The following tables set forth
our consolidated statements of cash flow: 

For the years ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities-continuing operations 
 4,403,036 
 (3,188,435 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities- discontinued operations 
 (887,469 
 (12,923,713 

3,515,567 
 (16,112,148 

Net cash used in investing activities- continuing operations 
 1,401 
 (507,024 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities- discontinued operations 
 127,805 
 (457 

129,206 
 (507,481 

Proceeds from a short-term borrowing from a third party 
 1,550,000 

Net cash provided by financing activities-continuing operations 
 60,000,007 
 5,180,485 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities-discontinued operations 
 
 - 

61,550,007 
 5,180,485 

Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash from continuing operations 
 42,840 
 (13,061 
 
 Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash from discontinued operations 
 517,919 
 (548,845 

560,759 
 (561,906 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents - continuing operations 
 65,997,284 
 1,471,965 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash - discontinued operations 
 (241,745 
 (13,473,015 

65,755,540 
 (12,001,050 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning balance - continuing operations 
 1,503,153 
 31,188 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning balance- discontinued operations 
 338,542 
 13,811,557 

1,841,695 
 13,842,745 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, ending balance - discontinued operations 
 67,500,438 
 1,503,153 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, ending balance - discontinued operations 
 96,797 
 338,542 

67,597,235 
 1,841,695 

46 

Sources of Liquidity 

The
cash and cash equivalent balance from the continuing operations as of December 31, 2022 was 64 , 794 , 688.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating
activities from operating activities was 4,403,036 which predominantly related to the net loss from the continuing operations, 10,608,594.
The investing cash outflow from the continuing operations totaled 1,401. The financing cash inflows from continuing operations totaled
 61,550,007. 

The cash and cash equivalent
balance from the discontinued operations as of December 31, 2022 was 96,797. Out of this amount, we had 755,160, denominated in HK 
in Hong Kong financial institutions. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating
activities from discontinued operations was (887,469). Net cash provided by investing activities from discontinued operations was 127,805.
There was no cash inflow or outflow from financing activities from our discontinued operations in 2022. 

The cash and cash equivalent
balance from the continuing operations as of December 31, 2021 was 1,503,153. Out of this amount, we had 273,151 denominated in U.S.
dollars deposited in the financial institutions in the United States, 1,230,002, denominated in HK in Hong Kong financial institutions. 

During the year ended December
31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities from operating activities was 3,188,435 which predominantly related to the net loss from
the continuing operations, 13,447,956 and a non-cash gain on extinguishment of debts, 1,331,191, was primarily offset by non-cash item
share-based compensation, 10,881,967 and non-marketable investment impairment, 1,333,506. The investing cash outflow from the continuing
operations totaled 507,024 which included the purchase of equipment, 7,024 and investment in cultural projects, 500,000. The financing
cash inflows from continuing operations totaled 5,180,485, which included cash receipts from the stock option exercised by our employees,
 180,485, and cash receipts from a private investment, 5,000,000. 

The cash and cash equivalent
balance from the discontinued operations as of December 31, 2021 was 338,542. Out of this amount, we had 112,397 denominated in U.S.
dollars deposited in the financial institutions in Hong Kong, 226,145, denominated in HK in Hong Kong financial institutions. 

During the year ended December
31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities from discontinued operations was 12,923,713, which included net loss from Hong Kong Takung,
 16,625,555 and a decrease in customer deposits, 9,144,610, offset by deferred tax expense, 639,025, deconsolidation of Tianjin Takung,
 11,021,710 and change in foreign currency exchange rate, 1,259,010. Net cash used in investing activities from discontinued operations
was 457 which was related to the purchase of office equipment by Hong Kong Takung. There was no cash inflow or outflow from financing
activities from our discontinued operations in 2021. 

As of December 31, 2022, total current liabilities from the continuing
operations, 6,643,446, which was related to accrued expenses and other payables 2,131,891, advance from customers 2,705,750 short
term borrowings 1,550,000 and tax payable 255,805 of US Takung, NFT exchange and Metaverse HK. Total current liabilities from the discontinued
operation, Hong Kong Takung, totaled 8,700,835 which consisted of 2,291,811 in reclass Hong Kong Takung liabilities, 6,409,024 in amount
due to related parties.

47 

As of December 31, 2022, the
Company s continuing operation had cash and cash equivalents of 64,794,688, a working capital of 60,948,983 and the net assets
amounted to 60,954,465. 

As of December 31, 2021, total
current liabilities from the continuing operations, 143,429, which was related to accrued expenses and other payables of US Takung and
Hong Kong MQ. Total current liabilities from the discontinued operation, Hong Kong Takung, totaled 8,733,624 which consisted of 273,390
in accrued expenses and other payables, 6,410,585 in amount due to related parties, 1,964,919 in short-term borrowings from a third
party and 62,397 in lease liabilities. 

As of December 31, 2021, the
Company s continuing operation had cash and cash equivalents of 1,503,153, a working capital of 1,649,632 and the net assets amounted
to 10,953,269. The Company s discontinued operations, which primarily related to Hong Kong Takung, had cash and cash equivalents
of 338,542, a working deficit of 8,360,145 and net liabilities of 8,176,586. In order to continue to maintain the liquidity requirements,
the Company introduced NFT business in the fourth quarter of 2021 and developed consultancy service fee on NFT projects. The Company also
seeks to negotiate and extend financing arrangements with the related party and the third party. In February 2022, the Company entered
into certain securities purchase agreement with certain non-U.S. persons and expected to raise approximately 30 million
from this offering. Management believed that these measures provided sufficient liquidity and adequate capital to fund the operations
and reasonably meet the anticipated liquidity requirements for at least the next twelve months. 

Total liabilities of the Company s
continuing operations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to 6,643,446 and 143,429, respectively. Total liabilities of the
Company s discontinued operations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 8,700,835 and 8,733,624, respectively. 

Net assets of the Company s
continuing operations amounted to 60,954,465 and 10,953,269 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the 2021, we
invested in a cultural project, 10,630,120, which was partially funded by a capital raised through a private investment in public equity,
 5,000,000, during 2021. 

The Company is aware of events
or uncertainties which may affect its future liquidity because of capital controls in the PRC. The RMB is only currently convertible under
the current account, which includes dividends, trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions, but not under the
 capital account, which includes foreign direct investment and loans, including loans we may secure from our onshore subsidiaries
or variable interest entities. Currently, our PRC subsidiaries, which are wholly-foreign owned enterprises, may purchase foreign currency
for settlement of current account transactions, including payment of dividends to us, without the approval of the State
Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, the relevant PRC governmental
authorities may limit or eliminate our ability to purchase foreign currencies in the future for current account transactions. The existing
and future restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize revenue generated in Renminbi to fund our business activities
outside of the PRC or pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders, including holders of our shares of common stock. Foreign
exchange transactions under the capital account remain subject to limitations and require approvals from, or registration with, SAFE and
other relevant PRC governmental authorities. This could affect our ability to obtain foreign currency through debt or equity financing
for our PRC subsidiaries. 

48 

Applicable PRC law permits
payment of dividends to us by our operating subsidiaries in China only out of their net income, if any, determined in accordance with
PRC accounting standards and regulations. Our operating subsidiaries in China are also required to set aside a portion of their net income,
if any, each year to fund general reserves for appropriations until such reserves have reached 50 of the subsidiary s registered
capital. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. In addition, registered share capital and capital reserve accounts are
also restricted from withdrawal in the PRC, up to the amount of net assets held in each operating subsidiary. In contrast, there is no
foreign exchange control or restrictions on capital flows into and out of Hong Kong. Hence, our Hong Kong operating subsidiary is able
to transfer cash without any limitation to the U.S. under normal circumstances. 

If our operating subsidiaries
were to incur additional debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict the ability of our operating
subsidiaries to transfer cash to our U.S. investors. 

Future Financings 

We may sell our common stock
in order to fund our business growth. Issuances of additional shares will result in dilution to existing shareholders. There is no assurance
that we will achieve sales of the equity securities or arrange for debt or other financing to fund our growth in case it is necessary,
or if we are able to do so, there is no guarantee that existing shareholders will not be substantially diluted. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

We regularly evaluate the
accounting policies and estimates that we use to make budgetary and financial statement assumptions. A complete summary of these policies
is included in the notes to our financial statements. In general, management s estimates are based on historical experience, on
information from third party professionals, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the facts and circumstances.
Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management. The discussion of our critical accounting policies contained in Note
2 to our consolidated financial statements, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , is incorporated herein by reference. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

The discussion of the recent
accounting pronouncements contained in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies ,
is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk. 

Not applicable. 

49 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 6783) 
 F-4 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholder s Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 

F- 1 

To: The Board of Directors and Stockholders
of 

Takung Art Co., Ltd. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Takung Art Co., Ltd. and subsidiaries (collectively the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the financial
year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for the financial year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Emphasis
of matter 

As
described in Note 3 of the financial statements, Tianjin Takung, a deconsolidated entity of the Company, was named as defendant in a
series of litigations filed in the Peoples Republic of China PRC ), of which Tianjin Takung has been found liable
for the compensation of USD 60,694 (approximately RMB 408,411) to the plaintiffs during the financial year ended December 31, 2022. As disclosed
in Note 16 of the financial statements, pursuant to the SPA entered with the Company and third-party investor on November 1, 2022, the
investor will assume all the assets and liabilities of the discontinued operations, including those associated with Tianjin Takung upon
the disposition of the Company s subsidiaries. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

F- 2 

Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that:
(1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective,
or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements,
taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit
matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Impairment of investment 

As described in Note 4 Investments, the Company has a non-marketable
investment in a privately held company incorporated in British Virgin Islands without readily determinable market values. Measurement
of the carrying value of the investment requires significant management judgement. Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. The audit engagement
team performed extended procedures, which includes, among others, conducting enquiry, vouching certain details and inputs, evaluating
the appropriateness of valuation models and the reasonableness of key assumptions. The accounts that are affected are the investment accounts,
related valuation allowance, and impairment expense. 

/s/ Assentsure PAC 

Assentsure PAC 

PCAOB ID: 6783 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2022. 

Singapore 

April
17 , 2023 

F- 3 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To: The Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 
 Takung Art Co., Ltd. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Takung Art Co., Ltd. (the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of
operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the suspended
operations of the Company s PRC subsidiary raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

WWC, P.C. 

Certified Public Accountants 

PCAOB ID.: 

We have served as the Company s auditor
from March 2021 to May 2022. 

April 15, 2022 

F- 4 

TAKUNG ART CO., LTD AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(Stated in U.S. Dollars except Number of Shares) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted Cash 
 
 -

Account receivables, net 

Prepayment and other current assets, net 

Current assets discontinued operations 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets 
 -

Non-marketable investment, net 
 -

Non-current assets discontinued operations 

Total non-current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

LIABILITIES 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Current liabilities discontinued operations 

Advance from customers 
 
 -

Short term borrowings from a third party 
 
 - 
 
 Tax payable 
 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities-discontinued operations 
 -
 
 -

Total noncurrent liabilities 
 -
 
 -

Total liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common stock shares authorized; par value; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

TAKUNG ART CO., LTD AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

(Stated in U.S. Dollars except Number of Shares) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Listing fee 
 -
 
 -

Commission 
 
 -

Management fee 
 -
 
 -

Consultancy fee 
 -

Revenue 

Cost of revenue 
 
 - 
 
 Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Selling expense 
 -
 
 -

Non-marketable investment impairment 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 -

Gain on disposal of subsidiaries 
 - 
 -

Total operating expenses 

Loss from continuing operations 

Other income and expenses: 

Other (expenses) income 

Exchange gain 
 -
 
 -

Total other (expenses) income 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 
 -

Net loss from continuing operations 

Loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes: 

Loss Income from discontinued operations 

Income tax expense 
 -

Deferred tax (expense) benefit 
 -
 
 -

Net loss income from discontinued operations 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Comprehensive Loss 

Loss from continuing operations per share of common stock basic 

Loss from continuing operations per share of common stock diluted 

Income from discontinued operations per share of common stock basic 

Income from discontinued operations per share of common stock diluted 

Weighted average number of common stock outstanding basic 

Weighted average number of common stock outstanding diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

TAKUNG ART CO., LTD AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

(Stated in U.S. Dollars except Number of Shares) 

Number of shares 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in capital 
 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive(loss) income 
 Total 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

Issuance of common stock for restricted share award 

-
 
 -

Stock option exercised 

-
 
 -

Share-based compensation 
 - 

-
 
 -

Net loss from continuing operations 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Net income from discontinued operations 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Deconsolidation of subsidiary 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Private placement 

-
 
 -

Net loss from continuing operations 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Net loss from discontinued operations 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

TAKUNG ART CO., LTD AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Stated in U.S. Dollars) 

For the Year 

For the Year 

Ended 

Ended 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss from continuing operations 

() 

() 

Net loss from discontinued operations 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Changes in exchange rate 

-

() 

Share-based compensation 

-

Gain on extinguishment of debts 

-

() 

Non-marketable investment impairment 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities (decrease) increase in: 

Prepayment and deposits 

() 

Other non-current assets 

-

() 

Account receivables 

() 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Advances from customer 

-

Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities-continuing operations 

() 

Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities-discontinued operations 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

() 

Purchase of a non-marketable investment 

-

() 

Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities-continuing operations 

() 

Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities-discontinued operations 

() 

Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from a short-term borrowing from a third party 

-

Proceeds from stock option exercised 

-

Proceeds from a private placement 

Net cash provided by financing activities-continuing operations 

Net cash provided by financing activities-discontinued operations 

-

-

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash from continuing operations 

() 

Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash from discontinued operations 

() 

() 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash from continuing operations 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash from discontinued operations 

() 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash beginning balance from continuing operations 

Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash beginning balance from discontinued operations 

Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash beginning balance 

Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash ending balance from continuing operations 

Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash ending balance from discontinued operations 

Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash ending balance 

Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash to the consolidated balance sheets 

Cash and cash equivalents-continuing operations 

Restricted cash-continuing operations 

-

Total cash and cash equivalents -continuing operations 

Cash and cash equivalents-discontinued operations 

Restricted cash discontinued operations 

-

-

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash discontinued operations 

Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Supplemental cash flows information: 

Cash paid for interest-continuing operations 

-

-

Cash paid for interest-discontinued operations 

-

Cash paid for income taxes-continuing operations 

-

-

Cash paid for income taxes-discontinued operations 

-

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

TAKUNG ART CO., LTD AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Stated in U.S. Dollars except Number of Shares) 

million, located in the
Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone. Shanghai Takung was incorporated on July 28, 2015. It is engaged in providing services to its parent
company Hong Kong Takung by receiving deposits from and making payments to online artwork traders of Takung for and on behalf of Takung.
Shanghai Takung was deregistered on May 8, 2020 and the Company merged the operations of Shanghai Takung with Takung Cultural Development
(Tianjin) Co., Ltd. 

of the issued and outstanding share
capital of Hong Kong MQ, was (HK ). Hong Kong MQ became a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

located
in the Pilot Free Trade Zone in Tianjin. Tianjin MQ focused on exploring business opportunities and promoting its artwork trading business.
Tianjin MQ was deregistered on August 10, 2020 due to the Company streamlining its operation. 

F- 9 

and issuance of shares of common stock of
Takung in exchange for shares of common stock of Cultural Objects and unvested restricted shares of
common stock of Takung to Cultural Objects in exchange for unvested shares of common stock of Cultural Objects. 

in cash and the issuance of restricted shares of common stock of Takung to Cultural
Objects in exchange for shares of common stock of Cultural Objects, and, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions
stipulated in the SPA, the issuance of unvested restricted shares of common stock of Takung to Cultural Objects in exchange
for unvested shares of common stock of Cultural Objects. The cash consideration of was paid to Cultural
Objects by the end of August 2021. On September 9, 2021, an aggregate amount of restricted shares of common stock
of Takung issued to Cultural Objects in an exchange for an aggregate shares of common stock of Cultural Objects. Together
with the cash consideration paid and the total value of the restricted shares issued to Cultural Objects, , the
total value of the investment in Cultural Objects was . As of December 31, 2022 the initial cost of this investment was
adjusted to after a further impairment charge, was recorded (see Note 5). 

F- 10 

F- 11 

F- 12 

and as of December 31, 2022
 and December 31, 2021, respectively; 

and as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, was not included in our consolidated financial statements and reclassified to current assets 
a deconsolidated entity. 

F- 13 

years. Amortization of these
costs is included in depreciation and amortization expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 

Computer trading and clearing system 
 years 

F- 14 

F- 15 

, which was pertinent to providing consultancy services with respect to the strategic utilization of blockchain
technology and NFT launch to a third party. 

Non - VIP traders 

VIP traders 
 -

Corporate advisee 
 -

Subtotal 

Less: Revenue - discontinued operations 
 -

Total 

F- 16 

Depreciation 

Internet service charge 
 -

Artwork insurance 
 -

Artwork storage 
 -

Subtotal 

Less: Cost of revenue discontinued operations 
 -

Total 
 
 -

F- 17 

taxable income limitation (as enacted under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017) for NOL deductions for 2018-2020 tax years and reinstated
NOL carrybacks for the 2018-2020 tax years. Moreover, the CARES Act also temporarily increases the business interest deduction limitations
from to of adjusted taxable income for the 2019 and 2020 taxable year. Lastly, the Tax Act technical correction classifies qualified
improvement property as 15-year recovery period, allowing the bonus depreciation deduction to be claimed for such property retroactively
as if it was included in the Tax Act at the time of enactment. The Company does not anticipate a material impact on its financial statements
as of December 31, 2020 due to the recent enactment. 

corporate income tax for the year ended December 31,2022. 

F- 18 

of the total revenues during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

of the Company s total customer deposits. 

F- 19 

for the month ended
December 31, 2022 arising from three settled cases and nine pending cases; none of the pending cases have received any outcome as at April
17, 2023. 

F- 20 

units, each consisting of share of Common Stock (the Shares and a warrant
(the Warrant to purchase Shares. 

units (the
 Units ), each Unit consisting of Share and a Warrant to purchase Shares with a purchase price per Unit of . 

million. 

units, each consisting of share of the common stock of the Company, par value per share (the Common
Stock and a warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock. The purchase price of each Unit is . The gross proceeds to
the Company from this offering will be approximately million. 

F- 21 

, against our
non-marketable investment. 

F- 22 

Cumulative net gain (loss) 

Provision for impairment 

(10 ,630,120) 

() 
 
 Total carrying value 

- 

. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we did not incur any unrealized gain or loss
in connection with the non-marketable investment and we incur provision for impairment for . 

Deposit 

Other current assets 

- 

Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 

- 

- 

Subtotal 

Less: Prepayment and other current assets, net discontinued operations 

- 

() 
 
 Prepayment and other current assets, net 

and nil for doubtful accounts. 

Consultancy service 

Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 

Subtotal 

Less: Accounts receivables, net- discontinued operations 
 -
 
 -

Account receivables, net 

and , respectively, in provision for doubtful accounts. 

F- 23 

Leasehold improvements 

Computer trading and clearing system 

Sub-total 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Subtotal 

Less: Property and equipment, net discontinued operations 

Property and equipment, net 

Less: accumulated amortization 

- 

- 

Subtotal 

Less: Intangible assets discontinued operations 

() 

() 
 
 Total Intangible assets 

- 

Prepayment non-current 

- 

- 

Subtotal 

Less: Other non-current assets discontinued operations 

) 

() 
 
 Total other non-current assets 

- 

- 

F- 24 

Accruals for professional fees 

- 

Payroll payables 

Trading and clearing system 

- 

Other payables 

Subtotal 

Less: Accrued expenses and other payables- discontinued operations 

-

() 
 
 Total accrued expenses and other payables 

per annum. The HKD Loans
are to provide Hong Kong Takung with sufficient HKD currency to meet its working capital requirements. Friend Sourcing is a non-related
party to the Company. On April 1, 2021, Hong Kong Takung extended the due date of the HKD Loans with Friend Sourcing to July 30, 2021.
On August 1, 2021, Hong Kong Takung further extended the financing with Friend Souring to April 1, 2022. An interest payment, ,
was made on October 22, 2021. 

8/29/2019 

9/20/2019 

-
 
 -

-
 
 -

per annum as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The fair value
of the short-term borrowings approximates their carrying amounts. 

NFT Exchange Limited 

NFT Exchange Limited 

NFT Exchange Limited 

Total 

, and , which are totally . All th e
short-term borrowings due day are May18 2023. 

F- 25 

taxable income limitation (as enacted under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017) for NOL deductions for 2018-2020 tax years and reinstated
NOL carrybacks for the 2018-2020 tax years. Moreover, the CARES Act also temporarily increases the business interest deduction limitations
from to of adjusted taxable income for the 2019 and 2020 taxable year. Lastly, the Tax Act technical correction classifies qualified
improvement property as 15-year recovery period, allowing the bonus depreciation deduction to be claimed for such property retroactively
as if it was included in the Tax Act at the time of enactment. The Company does not anticipate a material impact on its financial statements
as of December 31, 2020 due to the recent enactment. 

and in net operating loss carry forwards available to offset future taxable income, respectively. For net operating
losses arising after December 31, 2017, the Tax Act limits the Company s ability to utilize NOL carryforwards to of taxable
income and carryforward the NOL indefinitely. NOLs generated prior to January 1, 2018 will not be subject to the taxable income limitation
and will begin to expire in if not utilized. 

million (approximately of assessable profits of a corporation will be subject to the lowered tax rate, while the remaining assessable profits will be subject
to the legacy tax rate, . The Ordinance only allows one entity within a group of connected entities is eligible for
the two-tier tax rate benefit. An entity is a connected entity of another entity if (1) one of them has control over the other; (2) both
of them are under the control (more than of the issued share capital) of the same entity; (3) in the case of the first entity
being a natural person carrying on a sole proprietorship business-the other entity is the same person carrying on another sole proprietorship
business. Since Hong Kong Takung, Takung Art Holdings and Hong Kong MQ are wholly owned and under the control of Takung U.S, these entities
are connected entities. Under the Ordinance, it is an entity s election to nominate the entity that will be subject to the two-tier
profits tax rates on its profits tax return. The election is irrevocable. The Company elected Hong Kong Takung to be subject to the two-tier
profits tax rates. 

. Takung Art Holdings and Hong Kong MQ still apply
the original tax rate of for its provision for current income and deferred taxes. 

in net operating loss carry forwards available to offset future taxable income, respectively. These
net operating losses will be carryforward indefinitely under Hong Kong Profits Tax regulation. 

F- 26 

for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.
According to PRC tax regulations, the PRC net operating loss can generally carry forward for no longer than five years starting from the
year subsequent to the year in which the loss was incurred. Carryback of losses is not permitted. 

and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related primarily to the Company s subsidiaries located outside
of the U.S. The loss before provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 

-

Total current income tax expenses, continuing operations 
 
 -

Current income tax expenses, discontinued operations 
 -
 
 -

Total current 
 
 -

Deferred: 

Federal 
 -
 
 -

State 
 -
 
 -

Foreign 
 -
 
 -

Total deferred income tax expenses, continuing operations 
 -
 
 -

Deferred income tax expenses, discontinued operations 
 -

Total deferred 
 -

Total income tax expense 

and
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Computed tax benefit with statutory tax rate 

Impact of different tax rates in other jurisdictions 

Tax effect of non-deductible expenses 
 -

Changes in valuation allowance 

Previous years unrecognized tax effects 
 -

Total income tax expense 
 
 -

F- 27 

and ) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Computed tax benefit with statutory tax rate 

Impact of different tax rates in other jurisdictions 
 -

Effect of preferred tax rate 

Tax effect of non-deductible expenses 
 -

Changes in valuation allowance 

Previous years unrecognized tax effects 
 -

Total income tax expense 
 - 

Provision for impairment loss 

Unvested restricted shares 
 -

Total deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Total Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 
 
 -

Deferred tax liabilities 

Total Deferred tax liabilities 
 
 -

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance and deferred tax liabilities 
 - 
 -

Deferred advertising expenses 
 - 
 -

Provision for doubtful accounts 
 -

PPE, due to difference in depreciation 

Others 
 - 
 -

Total deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Total Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 
 - 
 -

Deferred tax liabilities 

Total Deferred tax liabilities 
 - 
 -

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance and deferred tax liabilities 
 -
 
 -

F- 28 

Additions for tax position of current period 

- 

- 

Settlements with tax authority during current year 

- 

() 
 
 Uncertain tax liabilities, end of period, discontinued operations 

- 

during the year of 2022. The Company does not expect the position of uncertain tax liabilities
will significantly fluctuate within the next twelve months. This expectation is still valid till the reporting day of April 14, 2023. 

from the due date of the profits tax return or the date on
which it was filed, whichever is later. 

after the relevant year of assessment, but extendable to years in the
case of potential willful underpayment or evasion. 

to assess underpaid tax plus penalties
and interest for PRC entities tax filings. In the case of tax evasion, which is not clearly defined in the law, there is no limitation
on the tax years open for investigation. Accordingly, the PRC entities remain subject to examination by the tax authorities based on the
above. 

F- 29 

to approximately . Leases
with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet; the Company recognizes lease expense for these leases
on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

-
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets, discontinued operations 
 
 - 

Total operating lease right-of-use assets 
 
 - 

Liabilities 

Current 

Operating lease liability current, continuing operations 
 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liability current, discontinued operations 
 
 - 

Total operating lease liability current 
 
 - 

Long-term 

Operating lease liability non-current, continuing operations 
 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liability non-current, discontinued operations 
 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Total operating lease liability non-current 
 
 -
 
 - 

Total lease liabilities continuing operations 
 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Total lease liabilities discontinued operations 
 
 - 

Total lease cost 

Operating lease cost-discontinued operations 

Total lease cost 

-

F- 30 

Weighted average remaining lease term continuing operations 
 - 
 - 
 
 Weighted average remaining lease term discontinued operations 
 year 
 year 
 
 Weighted average discount rate continuing operations 
 - 
 - 
 
 Weighted average discount rate discontinued operations 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, was not
included in our consolidated financial statements and was reclassified to current assets a deconsolidated entity. The Company
could be exposed to claims made by the PRC customers for the return of their deposits at the Tianjin Takung s restricted cash accounts.
Any claims against Hong Kong Takung, though it is a limited company, that are ultimately successful, could have a material adverse effect
on the Company s financial position, operating results and cash holdings unless Hong Kong Takung is disposed or wound down. 

F- 31 

Net loss discontinued operations 

Total net loss 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding-Basic 

Stock options and restricted shares 
 -
 
 -

Weighted-average shares outstanding-Diluted 

Loss per share-continuing operations 

-Basic 

-Diluted 

Loss per share-discontinued operations 

-Basic 

-Diluted 

units for a per unit price of . Each unit consists of one share of the common stock of the Company, par value
 per share (the Common Stock and a warrant to purchase three shares of Common Stock. 

units
to the Purchasers. The issuance and sale of the units is exempted from the registration requirement of the Securities Act pursuant to
Regulation S promulgated thereunder. 

F- 32 

to and the requisite service period ranged from to . 

shares of common
stock were granted to the Company s SEC legal counsel as a compensation for legal advisory services rendered. 

shares of common stock as share-based awards to its independent directors, employees and consultants
under the 2015 Incentive Stock Plan. The Company recognized a share-based compensation expense of in connection with this issuance
in April 2021. 

shares of common stock of the BVI entity, the Company shall remit in cash and issue restricted shares
of the Company to the BVI entity. On August 21, 2021, both parties entered into an Amendment to Securities Purchase Agreement and
the number of restricted shares of the Company to be issued to the BVI entity was increased to . The Company remitted the
cash payment of to the BVI entity on August 20, 2021. On September 9, 2021, an aggregate amount of restricted
shares at a price of was issued to the BVI entity. The Company recognized the net carrying amount of this equity investment,
 , an initial cost of with an impairment charge, , in noncurrent asset. 

shares (the Shares of its common stock,
par value per share (the Common Stock ), to an institutional investor (the Investor at a price of 
per share, for gross proceeds of before deducting the placement agent fee and offering expenses (the Private Placement ). 

shares of common stock at a price of was awarded to the contractor under
the 2015 Incentive Stock Plan. The Company recognized a share-based compensation expense of in connection with this issuance
in July 2021. 

shares of common stock as restricted share-based awards to its independent consultants and
employees under the Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933. The restricted shares were issued on November 30, 2021. The Company recognized
a share-based compensation of in relation to this issuance in November 2021. 

F- 33 

year 
 
 Granted 
 -
 
 -
 
 year 
 
 Forfeited 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Vested 
 -
 
 -
 
 year 
 
 Unvested at December 31, 2022 

year 

during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(the Purchase Price ). Upon the closing of the transaction (the Disposition contemplated
by the Disposition SPA, the Purchaser will become the sole shareholder of the Targets and as a result, assume all assets and liabilities
of all the subsidiaries and VIE entities owned or controlled by the Targets. The Company believes that the Disposition will not have
a significant, material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

F- 34 

F- 35 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

Previous independent registered public accounting firm 

On May 4, 2022, the Audit Committee of the Board
of Directors of the Company dismissed WWC, P.C. WWC as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm,
effective May 4, 2022. 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, WWC s
audit reports on the Company s financial statements contained an emphasis of a matter for going concern, but otherwise did not contain
any adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, nor was it qualified as to audit scope or accounting principles. 

During the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2021 and any subsequent interim period through the date of dismissal, May 4, 2022, (i) there were no disagreements 
(as described in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions) between the Company and WWC on any matter of accounting
principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedures, which disagreements, if not resolved to WWC s
satisfaction, would have caused WWC to make reference in connection with WWC s opinion to the subject matter of the disagreement;
and (ii) except for the matter relating to internal control over financial reporting described below, there were no reportable
events as the term is described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

New independent registered public accounting firm 

On May 4, 2022, the Audit
Committee approved the appointment of Assentsure PAC Assentsure as the Company s independent registered public accounting
firm to audit the Company s consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, effective
May 4, 2022. 

During the two most recent
fiscal years and through May 4, 2022, the Company has not consulted with Assentsure regarding (1) any matter that was the subject of
a disagreement or a reportable event described in Items 304(a)(1)(iv) or (v), respectively, or (2) any matter that was the subject of
a disagreement or a reportable event described in Items 304(a)(1)(iv) or (v), respectively, of Regulation S-K. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures and
Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The Company maintains a set of disclosure controls
and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports filed under the Securities Exchange
Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that this information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s
management, including the Company s chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

50 

Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, the Company
carried out an evaluation with the participation of the Company s management, including Kuangtao Wang, the Company s Chief
Executive Officer CEO ), and Jianguang Qian, the Company s Chief Financial Officer CFO ), of the effectiveness
of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31,
2022. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under
the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s CEO
and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management conducted an assessment
of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment,
management used the framework set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has determined that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting was all over effective, however in some aspects of Information Technology working environment,
weakness of internal control over financial reporting has been identified, for example, there is no clear segregation of duties for incompatible
roles. One employee is responsible for both the operating system and database maintenance. No separation of function may compromise the
effectiveness of internal control procedures. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of its registered independent public accounting firm regarding the Company s internal control over financial reporting because
the Company is not required to include such attestation report in this annual report. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

We have not made any changes in internal controls
over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Limitations on Controls 

Management does not expect that the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures or the Company s internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and
fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements
due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected.
The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and
the Company s chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and
procedures are effective at that reasonable assurance level. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent
Inspections 

Not applicable 

51 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The following are our officers and directors as of the date of this
annual report. Most of our officers and other directors reside year-round in either the PRC or Hong Kong and, therefore, it may be difficult
for investors to effect service of process within the U.S. upon the latter or to enforce judgments against them obtained from the United
States courts. 

The following table sets forth
certain information concerning our directors and executive officer: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Kuangtao Wang 
 
 45 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 Jianguang Qian 
 
 39 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Doug Buerger 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 Guisuo Lu 
 
 60 
 
 Director 
 
 Ronggang (Jonathan) Zhang 
 
 60 
 
 Director 

The following is a summary
of the biographical information of our directors and officers: 

Kuangtao Wang was appointed as our Co-Chief Executive Officer on January 4, 2022
and as the chairman of the board of directors on August 1, 2022. Mr. Wang is a veteran businessman in the art exchange industry. He has
been in the art exchange business as general manager of Yongbao Culture and Media Co. Ltd in China since 2007 and he founded an offline
art exchange platform. Mr. Wang has extensive experience in business management and an in-depth understanding and vision for the non-fungible
token industry. Mr. Wang graduated from Beijing International Business Administration Institute in 2012 with a bachelor s degree. 

Jianguang
Qian was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer on January 5, 2022. He has over 15 years of financial management experience in manufacturing,
engineering, internet and internet plus enterprises. He is proficient in finance, taxation, financing and financial information management.
He has large-scale financial department management experience and cross-functional team management experience. He has served as an independent
director of C-Link Squared Limited since August 2022 . From June
2018 to June 2020, he was a financial director of the Shared Accounting Center of Lv Ma Ma, a listed company on the National Equities
Exchange and Quotations in China. He was responsible for Lv Ma Ma s accounting and taxation, and had a team of 70 subordinates;
he was also in charge of supervising the proposed listing of Lv Ma Ma in Hong Kong, as well as investor relations. He was also responsible
for the establishment of and IT transformation of the business finance system of Lv Ma Ma. From April 2013 to July 2014, he worked as
the head of finance at Minmetalscondo Co, Ltd, an affiliated company of Minmetals Land (HKG: 0230). In addition, Jianguang Qian served
as the Chief Financial Officer during the working period of Merit-link. He was in charge of the business process reengineering of Merit-link,
the innovation and financial empowerment of the industrial internet business, and took the lead in the financing and listing of Merit-link.
During his tenure as the Chief Financial Officer of Youland Group from November 2014 to June 2018, Jianguang Qian s responsibilities
included has financial management, financial and operational analysis and internal audit responsibilities of the Youland Group. 

52 

Doug Buerger, is a
scientific consultant with experience leading teams in all phases of pharmaceutical and medical device lifecycle development including
research, development, manufacturing, business development, quality, clinical, and regulatory. Currently, Mr. Buerger works as a pharmaceutical
consultant at Shinkei Therapeutics, coordinating contract development and manufacturing and clinical research services pursuing agency
approval and commercialization of CNS therapeutics. From 2012 to 2018, he served as a manager for product development at Hercon Pharmaceuticals,
LLC, where he was in charge of coordination of development pipeline, foster innovation mentality and problem-solving skills development
in scientific staff personnel, developed and maintained annual departmental budgets. Mr. Buerger received his bachelor s Bachelor
of Science (cum laude) from University of Utah in 1981 and completed his Doctor of Philosophy in materials science engineering at
University of Utah in 1987. 

Guisuo Lu , has served
as the financial consultant of Shandong Yuntong Commercial Co., Ltd. since March 2020. From October 2013 to March 2020, Mr. Lu served
as vice president of Yinsheng Financial Group and Yinsheng Payment Service Co., Ltd. From January 2005 to September 2013, Mr. Lu served
in various positions including assistant general manager, deputy general manager and general manager at Terminal Service Center of Unionpay
Commercial Co., Ltd., Hebei Branch. Mr. Lu graduated from Hebei Bank School in 1982 and graduated from Hebei Radio and TV University Hengshui
Branch in 1988. 

Ronggang (Jonathan) Zhang ,
has extensive experience in investment and finance in the industries of international engineering, renewable energy, eco-agriculture,
infrastructure. He is also an outstanding consultant in the fields of international laws, blockchain, metaverse, digital economy and
crypto currency. Mr. Zhang currently is also acting as a director of SOS Ltd. (NYSE: SOS), a listed company on The New York Stock Exchange,
which engages in the business of providing a wide range of data mining and analysis services to corporate and individuals. He is the
Chief Executive Officer of 5CGroup International Asset Management Co., Ltd. and Strategic Development Consultant of SG CO PRC Lawyers,
positions he has held since 2015. Mr. Zhang has served since 2015 as master s supervisor of Zhejiang Sci-Tech University and visiting
professor of Zhejiang NDRC Training Center. Mr. Zhang previously served as the Department Chief of Commercial Bureau of HEDA between
2003 and 2015 and as Chief of Investment Bureau of Ningbo Free Trade Zone between 2000 and 2003. Mr. Zhang received his bachelor s
degree at Hubei University in 1987, and Visiting Scholar to University of Newcastle upon Tyne, UK in 1996. 

Term of Office 

Our directors hold their positions
until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their successor is elected and qualified by our shareholders, or until their earlier
death, retirement, resignation or removal. 

Director Qualifications 

Directors are responsible
for overseeing the Company s business consistent with their fiduciary duty to the shareholders. This significant responsibility
requires highly-skilled individuals with various qualities, attributes and professional experience. Our Board believes that there are
general requirements for service on the Board that are applicable to directors and that there are other skills and experience that should
be represented on the Board as a whole but not necessarily by each director. The Board considers the qualifications of director and director
candidates individually and in the broader context of the Board s overall composition and the Company s current and future
needs. 

53 

Qualifications for All Directors 

In its assessment of each
potential candidate, including those recommended by the shareholders, the Board will consider the nominee s judgment, integrity,
experience, independence, understanding of the Company s business or other related industries and such other factors it determines
are pertinent in light of the current needs of the Board. The Board also takes into account the ability of a director to devote the time
and effort necessary to fulfill his or her responsibilities to the Company. 

The Board requires that each
director be a recognized person of high integrity with a proven record of success in his or her field. Each director must demonstrate
innovative thinking, familiarity with and respect for corporate governance requirements and practices, an appreciation of multiple cultures
and a commitment to sustainability and to dealing responsibly with social issues. In addition to the qualifications required of all directors,
the Board conducts interviews of potential director candidates to assess intangible qualities including the individual s ability
to ask difficult questions and, simultaneously, to work collegially. 

Qualifications, Attributes, Skills and Experience
to be Represented on the Board as a Whole 

The Board has identified particular
qualifications, attributes, skills and experience that are important to be represented on the board as a whole, in light of the Company s
current needs and its business priorities. The Board believes that it should include some directors with a high level of financial literacy
and some directors who possess relevant business experience as a Chief Executive Officer or a President or like position. Marketing is
the core focus of our business and the Company seeks to develop and deploy the world s most innovative and effective marketing and
technology. Therefore, the Board believes that marketing and technology experience should be represented on the Board. The Company is
involved in the on-line trading business in Hong Kong and the PRC. Therefore, the Company s business also requires compliance
with a variety of regulatory requirements and relationships with various governmental entities. Therefore, the board believes that governmental,
political or diplomatic expertise should be represented on the Board. 

Set forth below are a chart
and a narrative disclosure that summarize the specific qualifications, attributes, skills and experiences described above. An X 
in the chart below indicates that the item is a specific reason that the director has been nominated to serve on the Company s Board. The
lack of an X for a particular qualification does not mean that the director does not possess that qualification or skill. Rather,
an X indicates a specific area of focus or expertise of a director on which the board currently relies. 

Doug Buerger 
 Ronggang 
 (Jonathan) Zhang 
 Guisuo
 
Lu 

High level of financial literacy 
 
 X 
 X 

Extensive knowledge of the Company s business 
 
 X 
 X 

Marketing/Marketing related technology experience 
 X 
 X 

Relevant Chief Executive/President or like experience 
 X 
 X 
 X 

Corporate Governance expertise 
 
 X 

54 

Doug Buerger 

Marketing/Marketing related
technology experience - Mr. Buerger is a scientific consultant with experience leading teams in all phases of pharmaceutical and medical
device lifecycle development including research, development, manufacturing, business development, quality, clinical, and regulatory. 

Relevant Chief Executive/President
experience - Mr. Buerger served as a manager for product development at Hercon Pharmaceuticals, LLC, where he was in charge of coordination
of development pipeline, foster innovation mentality and problem-solving skills development in scientific staff personnel, developed and
maintained annual departmental budgets 

Guisuo Lu 

High level of financial
literacy Mr. Lu is currently a financial consultant of Shandong Yuntong Commercial Co., LTD. Mr. Lu previously worked at Bank
Card Business Department of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Hebei Branch) from September 1982 to January 2005. 

Extensive knowledge of
the Company s business Mr. Lu has extensive experience in the fields of block-chain operation including NFT business. 

Relevant Chief Executive/President
experience Mr. Lu served as vice president of Yinsheng Financial Group and Yinsheng Payment Service Co., Ltd. from October
2013 to March 2020. 

Corporate
Governance Expertise Mr. Lu served as a top management team member with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China. 

Ronggang (Jonathan) Zhang 

High level of financial
literacy Mr. Zhang has extensive experience in investment and finance in the industries of international engineering, renewable
energy, eco-agriculture, infrastructure. Mr. Zhang previously served as the Department Chief of Commercial Bureau of HEDA between 2003
and 2015 and as Chief of Investment Bureau of Ningbo Free Trade Zone between 2000 and 2003. 

Extensive knowledge of
the Company s business Mr. Zhang an outstanding consultant in the fields of international laws, blockchain, metaverse,
digital economy and crypto currency. 

Relevant Chief Executive
experience He is the Chief Executive Officer of 5CGroup International Asset Management Co., Ltd. 

Corporate Governance Expertise 
 Mr. Zhang currently is also acting as a director of SOS Ltd., a listed company on The New York Stock Exchange, which engages in
the business of providing a wide range of data mining and analysis services to corporate and individuals. 

Directors or Executive Officers involved in
Bankruptcy or Criminal Proceedings 

To our knowledge, during the
last ten years, none of our directors and executive officers (including those of our subsidiaries), has: 

Had a bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time. 

Been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses. 

55 

Been subject to any order,
 judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily
 enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities. 

Been found by a court of
 competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC, or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or
 state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

Been the subject to, or
 a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered
 entity, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
 associated with a member. 

Board
Committees 

Our
business, property and affairs are managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. Members of the Board of Directors are
kept informed of our business through discussion with the chief executive and financial officers and other officers, by reviewing materials
provided to them and by participating at meetings of the board and its committees. 

Our
Board of Directors has three committees - the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Governance and Nominating Committee.
The Audit Committee currently consists of Guisuo Lu, Ronggang (Jonathan) Zhang and Doug Buerger with Guisuo Lu serving as Chairman. The
Compensation Committee currently consists of Guisuo Lu, Ronggang (Jonathan) Zhang and Doug Buerger with Doug Buerger serving as Chairman.
The Governance and Nominating Committee (the Nominating Committee currently consists of with Guisuo Lu, Ronggang (Jonathan)
Zhang and Doug Buerger with Ronggang (Jonathan) Zhang serving as Chairman. 

Our
Audit Committee is involved in discussions with our independent auditor with respect to the scope and results of our year-end audit,
our quarterly results of operations, our internal accounting controls and the professional services furnished by the independent auditor.
Our Board of Directors has determined that Guisuo Lu qualify as audit committee financial experts and have the accounting or financial
management expertise as required under NYSE Rule 303A.07(a). Our Board of Directors has also adopted a written charter for the audit
committee which the audit committee reviews and reassesses for adequacy on an annual basis. 

The
Compensation Committee oversees the compensation of our chief executive officer and our other executive officers and reviews our overall
compensation policies for employees generally. If so authorized by the Board of Directors, the committee may also serve as the granting
and administrative committee under any option or other equity-based compensation plans which we may adopt. The Compensation Committee
does not delegate its authority to fix compensation; however, as to officers who report to the chief executive officer, the compensation
committee consults with the chief executive officer, who may make recommendations to the Compensation Committee. Any recommendations
by the chief executive officer are accompanied by an analysis of the basis for the recommendations. The committee will also discuss compensation
policies for employees who are not officers with the chief executive officer and other responsible officers. 

The
Governance and Nominating Committee is involved in evaluating the desirability of and recommending to the Board any changes in the size
and composition of the board, evaluation of and successor planning for the chief executive officer and other executive officers. The
qualifications of any candidate for director will be subject to the same extensive general and specific criteria applicable to director
candidates generally. 

Board
Meetings 

The
Board of Directors and its committees held the following number of meetings during 2022: 

Board of Directors 
 4 
 
 Audit Committee 
 1 
 
 Compensation Committee 
 1 
 
 Nominating Committee 
 1 

The
above table includes meetings held by means of a conference telephone call and the actions taken by unanimous written consent. 

Each
director attended at least 80 of the total number of meetings of the Board of Directors and those committees on which he served during
the year. 

56 

Material
Changes to the Procedures by which Security Holders May Recommend Nominees to the Board of Directors 

There
have been no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the Board of Directors. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive officers and principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions and also to other employees. 

Board
Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 

Mr. Kuangtao Wang is the Company s Chairman of Board of Director.
We have three independent directors. Mr. Kuangtao Wang is our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Jianguang Qian is our Chief Financial Officer.
They are best situated to serve as our business and industry most capable of identifying strategic priorities and executing our business
strategy. We believe that this leadership structure has served the Company well. The Board s role in the risk oversight of the Company
includes, among other things: 

appointing, retaining and
 overseeing the work of the independent auditors, including resolving disagreements between the management and the independent auditors
 relating to financial reporting; 

approving all auditing
 and non-auditing services permitted to be performed by the independent auditors; 

reviewing annually the
 independence and quality control procedures of the independent auditors; 

reviewing and approving
 all proposed related party transactions; 

discussing the annual audited
 financial statements with the management; and 

meeting separately with
 the independent auditors to discuss critical accounting policies, management letters, recommendations on internal controls, the auditor s
 engagement letter and independence letter and other material written communications between the independent auditors and the management. 

Our
Board of Directors is responsible to approve all related party transactions. We have not adopted written policies and procedures specifically
for related person transactions. 

Limitations
on Liability 

Article VI
of our Bylaws limits the liability of our directors, officers and employees to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Consequently,
our directors and officers may not be personally liable for monetary damages regarding their duties as directors. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of
the Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity
securities to file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning
their ownership of our common stock and other equity securities, on Form 3, 4 and 5 respectively. Executive officers, directors
and greater than 10 shareholders are required by the SEC regulations to furnish our Company with copies of all Section 16(a) reports
they file. 

Based
solely on our review of the copies of such reports received by us and on written representations by our officers and directors regarding
their compliance with the applicable reporting requirements under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, we believe that, with
respect to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our officers and directors, and all of the persons known to us to own more than
10 of our common stock, filed all required reports on a timely basis, save that one officer who filed an erroneous report, which has
since been rectified. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

The following table sets forth
information with respect to the compensation of each of the named executive officers for services provided in all capacities to Takung
Art Co., Ltd and its subsidiaries, Hong Kong Takung Art Company Limited, Hong Kong MQ Group Limited, NFT Digital, NFT Exchange and Metaverse
HK in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in their capacity as such officers. 

57 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name Principal Position 
 
 Fiscal Year 

Base Compensation (annual, unless otherwise noted) 

Bonus 

Share Award 

Total Annual 

Kuangtao Wang 1 

2022 

180,000 

- 

- 

180,000 

Chief Executive Officer 

2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Kwok Leung Paul Li 2 

2022 

- 

- 

- 

Former Chief Executive Officer 

2021 

55,452 

- 

765,000 

820,452 

Jianguang Qian 3 

2022 

60,000 

- 

- 

60,000 

Chief Financial Officer 

2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Zhihua Yang 4 

2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Former Chief Executive Officer 

2021 

43,947 

- 

- 

43,947 

Jing Wang 5 

2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Former Chief Financial Officer 

2021 

21,915 

- 

- 

21,915 

Tracy Chui-Kam Ng 6 

2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Former Chief Financial Officer 

2021 

- 

- 

Leung Wing Yan 7 

2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Former Chief Financial Officer 

2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Zhirong Li 8 

2022 

9,000 

- 

- 

9,000 

Former Chief Financial Officer 

2021 

- 

- 

(1) Mr.
 Wang was appointed as our Co-Chief Executive Officer on January 4, 2022. 

(2) Mr. Li was appointed as our Chief Executive Officer on July 20,
2021. He received restricted share-based 150,000 share 765,000) awards on November 30, 2021. The Company terminated the employment agreement
with Mr. Li on April 14, 2023. 

(3) Mr. Qian
 was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer on January 5, 2022. Mr. Qian will receive an
 annual base salary of 60,000 and discretionary share compensation of up to 35,000 per year
 for his services as Chief Financial Officer 

(4) Ms. Yang
 was appointed as our Chief Executive Officer September 22, 2020 and resigned on July 20,
 2021. 

(5) Ms.
 Wang was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer on May 26, 2020.and resigned on June 1,
 2021. 

(6) Ms.
 Ng was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer on June 1, 2021 and resigned on September
 30, 2021 

(7) 
 Ms.
 Yan was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer on September 30, 2021 and resigned on December
 3, 2021 

(8) 
 Ms. Li was appointed as our Chief Financial
 Officer on December 3, 2021 and resigned on January 5, 2022 

58 

Compensation
Discussion and Analysis 

We
strive to provide our named executive officers (as defined in Item 402 of Regulation S-K) with a competitive base salary that is in line
with their roles and responsibilities when compared to peer companies of comparable size in similar locations. 

It
is not uncommon for Hong Kong private companies to have base salaries as the sole form of compensation. The base salary level is established
and reviewed based on the level of responsibilities, the experience and tenure of the individual and the current and potential contributions
of the individual. The base salary is compared to the list of similar positions within comparable peer companies and consideration is
given to the executive s relative experience in his or her position. Base salaries are reviewed periodically and at the time of
promotion or other changes in responsibilities. 

We
have formed a compensation committee to oversee the compensation of our named executive officers. All the members of the compensation
committee are independent directors. 

Compensation
of Directors 

The
following table sets forth the compensation received by our directors in fiscal years of 2022 and 2021 in their capacity as directors. 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Fee 
 earned 
 or 
 paid in 
 Cash 
 ) 
 Base 
 Compensation 
 and bonus 
 ) 
 Share 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Non-equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 Change
 in 
 Pension 
 Value 
 and 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 All
 Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Xiaoyu Zhang 1 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Former Director 
 2021 
 - 
 10,000 
 163,920 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 173,920 

Kuangtao Wang 2 
 2022 
 
 180,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 180,000 
 
 Director and Chairman 
 2021 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Doug Buerger 
 2022 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Ronggang (Jonathan) Zhang 3 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Guisuo Lu 4 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Director 
 2021 

Tak Ching (Anthony) Poon 5 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Former Director 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Jiangping (Gary) 6 
 Xiao 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 183,920 
 
 Former Director 
 2021 
 - 
 20,000 
 163,920 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 183,920 
 183,920 

Li Lv 7 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 112,450 
 
 Former Director 
 2021 
 - 
 10,000 
 102,450 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 112,450 
 112,450 

(1) 
 Ms. Xiaoyu Zhang was
 appointed director and Chairperson of the board of directors since November 19, 2018. She received 8,000 share 163,920) awards
 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and no share awards on December 31, 2020. 

(2) 
 Mr. Kuangtao Wang was appointed as Chairman
 of the board of directors on August 1, 2022. 

(3) 
 Mr.
 Ronggang (Jonathan) Zhang was appointed as director of the board of directors on December
 3, 2021. He received no share awards for the years ended December 31,
 2022. 

(4) 
 Mr. Guisuo Lu was appointed as director
 of the board of directors on August 1, 2022. 

(5) 
 Mr.
 Tak Ching (Anthony) Poon was appointed director of the board of directors on November 24,
 2021 and resigned on August 24, 2022. He received no share awards for
 the years ended December 31, 2022. 

(6) 
 Mr.
 Jianping (Gary) Xiao joined the board of directors on July 8, 2019 and resigned on November
 12, 2021. 

(7) 
 Ms.
 Li Lv joined the board of directors on July 8, 2019 and resigned on December 3, 2021. 

59 

Option
Grants Table 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not grant new share options under the 2015 Plan respectively. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, Nil restricted share-based awards were granted. Each of the awards is subject to service-based
vesting restrictions. The total unvested restricted shares Nil shares as of December 31, 2021. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, none of any outstanding Equity Awards were granted to employees, directors officers, or consultants
or any third parties. 

Aggregated
Option Exercises and Fiscal Year-End Option Value Table 

10,178
share options have been vested during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 56,000 and 5,065 stock options were exercised on April
12, 2021 and May 25, 2021, respectively. As a result of the exercise, 61,065 shares of common stock were issued. The remaining 39,825
share options were unexercised and expired in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

There was no share option
awarded and vested during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Long-Term
Incentive Plan LTIP Awards Table 

There
were no awards made in the last completed fiscal year under any LTIP. 

Pension
and Retirement Plans 

Currently,
except for contributions to the PRC government-mandated social security retirement endowment fund for those employees who have not waived
their coverage, we do not offer any annuity, pension or retirement benefits to be paid to any of our officers, directors or employees.
There are also no compensatory plans or arrangements with respect to any individual named above which results or will result from the
resignation, retirement or any other termination of employment with our company, or from a change in our control. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

On
August 26, 2015, we approved our 2015 Incentive Stock Plan, allowing for the issuance of up to 1,037,000 shares of our common stock.
On August 27, 2015, we registered the shares of common stock reserved for issuance under our 2015 Incentive Stock Plan with the
SEC on a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act. On August 28, 2015, we issued 300,000 shares of our common
stock as partial compensation to third party consultants. We have since increased the Share Plan by an additional 500,000 shares. On
November 20, 2015, we issued 487,000 restricted shares of our common stock as partial compensation to third party consultants. On
November 30, 2016, we issued 50,000 shares of our common stock to a third-party consultant for general financial advisory and banking
service. On October 2, 2017, we issued 20,000 shares of our common stock to a third-party consultant. These issuance of shares were
under the 2015 Incentive Stock Plan. 

On
March 22, 2017, we issued an aggregate of 19,606 restricted shares of our common stock to three of our former non-executive directors,
namely, Messrs. Joseph Levinson, John Levy and Kwok Keung William Tsui under our 2015 Incentive Stock Plan (which was registered
on a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act and filed with the SEC on August 27, 2015) as partial consideration
for their services as directors pursuant to their respective director appointment letters. 

On
May 16, 2018, we issued an aggregate of 17,143 restricted shares of our common stock to three of our former non-executive directors,
namely, John Levy, Kwok Keung William Tsui and Sun UP LLC (of which Joseph Levinson is the LLC member) under our 2015 Incentive Stock
Plan (which was registered on a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act and filed with the SEC on August 27,
2015) as partial consideration for their services as directors pursuant to their respective director appointment letters. 

On
April 24, 2019, we issued an aggregate of 29,104 restricted shares of our common stock to three of our former non-executive directors,
namely, John Levy, Kwok Keung William Tsui and Sun UP LLC (of which Joseph Levinson is the LLC member) under our 2015 Incentive Stock
Plan (which was registered on a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act and filed with the SEC on August 27,
2015) as partial consideration for their services as directors pursuant to their respective director appointment letters. 

60 

On
May 27, 2020, 10,000 shares of common stock were granted to the Company s SEC legal counsel as a compensation for legal advisory
services rendered. 

On
June 8, 2020, we issued an aggregate of 6,250 restricted shares of our common stock to three of our former non-executive directors, namely,
John Levy, Kwok Keung William Tsui and Joseph Levinson under our 2015 Incentive Stock Plan (which was registered on a registration statement
on Form S-8 under the Securities Act and filed with the SEC on August 27, 2015) as partial consideration for their services
as directors pursuant to their respective director appointment letters. 

On
April 21, 2021, the board of directors of the Company approved an issuance of 335,000 shares of common stock as share-based awards to
its independent directors, employees and consultants under the 2015 Incentive Stock Plan. The Company recognized a share-based compensation
expense of 6,863,815 in connection with this issuance in April 2021. 

On
May 28, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with a company incorporated in British Virgin Islands BVI
entity ). In exchange for an aggregate amount of 86,560 shares of common stocks of the BVI entity, the Company shall remit
 500,000 in cash and issue 572,000 restricted shares of the Company to the BVI entity. On August 21, 2021, both parties entered
into an Amendment to Securities Purchase Agreement and the number of restricted shares of the Company to be issued to the BVI entity
was increased to 1,558,480. The Company remitted the cash payment of 500,000 to the BVI entity on August 20, 2021. On September
9, 2021, an aggregate amount of 1,558,480 restricted shares at a price of 6.5 was issued to the BVI entity. The Company recognized
the carrying amount of this equity investment, 10,630,120, in noncurrent asset. 

On
July 9, 2021, the Company entered into an Advisory Agreement with an independent institutional contractor for exploring potential investors
and projects to advance new business development. Upon signing the agreement, an aggregate of 160,000 shares of common stock at
a price of 11.86 was awarded to the contractor under the 2015 Incentive Stock Plan. The Company recognized a share-based compensation
expense of 1,897,600 in connection with this issuance in July 2021. 

On
November 30, 2021, the board of directors of the Company approved an issuance of 415,000 shares of common stock as restricted share-based
awards to its independent consultants and employees under the Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933. The restricted shares were issued
on November 30, 2021. The Company recognized a share-based compensation of 2,116,500 in relation to this issuance in November 2021. 

On
December 28, 2021, our shareholders have approved an amended 2015 Incentive Stock Plan to increase the total number of shares authorized
for issuance under the 2015 Incentive Stock Plan by 1,166,745 shares from 1,537,000 shares to 2,703,745 shares of common stock. 

As
of the date of this report, the total number of shares reserved and available for delivery in connection with awards under the amended
2015 Incentive Stock Plan are 41,832. 

The
following table provides information regarding shares outstanding and available for issuance under our existing equity compensation plans. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Plan category 
 
 Number of 
 securities to be 
 issued upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding 
options, 
 warrants 
 and rights 

Weighted-average 
exercise price of 
outstanding 
 options, warrants 
and rights 

Number of 
securities 
 remaining 
 available for 
 future 
 issuance 
 under equity 
 compensation 
 plans 
 (excluding 
securities 
reflected 
in column (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

- 

- 

- 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

- 

- 

41,832 

Totals 

- 

- 

41,832 

The
Company granted 431,525 stock options during 2016. The exercise price of share options ranged from 2.91 to 3.65 and the requisite service
period ranged from two to five years. 

0
share options have been vested during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 56,000 and 5,065 stock options were exercised on
April 12, 2021 and May 25, 2021, respectively. As a result of the exercise, 61,065 shares of common stock were issued. The remaining
61,065 share options were unexercised and expired in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

61 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The following table sets forth certain information with respect to
the beneficial ownership of our voting securities by (i) any person or group owning more than 5 of any class of voting securities,
(ii) each director, (iii) our chief executive officer and (iv) all executive officers and directors as a group as of April
12, 2023. 

Unless
otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the following table, each person named in the table has sole voting and investment power and
that person s address is c/o Takung Art Co., Ltd, Room 709, Tower 2, Admiralty Centre, 18 Harcourt Rd, Admiralty, Hong Kong. 

Number of Shares 

Percentage Ownership of Shares of 

Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Title of Class 
 
 Beneficially Owned (1) 

Common Share 

Owner of more than 5 of Class 

Jian Xiao 
 
 Common Stock 

3,000,000 

8.6 

CEDE CO 
 
 Common Stock 

10 930,162 

31.2 

Directors and Officers 

Kuangtao Wang 
 
 Common Stock 

Jianguang Qian 
 
 Common Stock 

- 

Doug Buerger 
 
 Common Stock 

- 

Guisuo Lu 
 
 Common Stock 

- 

Ronggang (Jonathan) Zhang 
 
 Common Stock 

- 

All Officers and Directors (Five persons) 

- 

Less
 than one percent (1 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock as of March 31,
 2023. 

(1) 
 In determining beneficial ownership of our common stock as of a given date, the number of shares shown includes shares of common stock which may be acquired on exercise of warrants or options or conversion of convertible securities within 60 days of that date. In determining the percent of common stock owned by a person or entity on April 12, 2023, (a) the numerator is the number of shares of the class beneficially owned by such person or entity, including shares which may be acquired within 60 days on exercise of warrants or options and conversion of convertible securities, and (b) the denominator is the sum of (i) the total shares of common stock outstanding on April 12, 2023 (34,991,886), and (ii) the total number of shares that the beneficial owner may acquire upon conversion of the preferred share and on exercise of the warrants and options, subject to limitations on conversion and exercise. Unless otherwise stated, each beneficial owner has sole power to vote and dispose of its shares. 

(2) 
 The address for Jian Xiao is Room 1105,Wing On House No. 62 Mody Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon 999077 Hong Kong. 

(3) 
 The address for CEDE CO is PO BOX 20, Bowling Green Station, NewYork, NY 10014. 

62 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Except
for the ownership of our securities, and except as set forth below, none of the directors, executive officers, holders of more than five
percent of our outstanding common stock, or any member of the immediate family of any such person have, to our knowledge, had a material
interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction or proposed transaction which may materially affect our company since the beginning
of 2022. 

Procedures
for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

Our
Board of Directors is charged with reviewing and approving all potential related party transactions. All such related party transactions
must then be reported under applicable SEC rules. We have not adopted other procedures for review, or standards for approval, of such
transactions, but instead review them on a case-by-case basis. 

Director
Independence 

NYSE
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Doug Buerger, Guisuo Lu and Ronggang (Jonathan)
Zhang are independent directors as defined in the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors
have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Secured
Loan Agreements 

On
September 16, 2019, Hong Kong Takung entered into an interest-free loan agreement (the HK Dollar Working Capital Loan with Mr. Shuhai Li Li ), former legal representative of Tianjin Takung, for an amount of 6,448,784 (HK 50,000,000).
The purpose of the loan is to provide Hong Kong Takung with sufficient Hong Kong Dollar-denominated currency to meet its working capital
requirements with the maturity date of the loan as May 15, 2020. On May 15, 2020, Hong Kong Takung entered into an extension
agreement with Li to extend the HK Dollar Working Capital Loan with a due date on May 15, 2021. On May 29, 2020, Li transferred
this loan to Jing Wang Wang ), our former Chief Financial Officer with the same extended maturity date. 

In
the meantime, Tianjin Takung entered into an interest-free loan agreement (the RMB Working Capital Loan with Li for the
loan of 6,225,134 (RMB40,619,000) with the maturity date of the loan as May 15, 2020. On May 15, 2020, Tianjin Takung entered
into an extension agreement with Li to extend the RMB Working Capital Loan with a maturity date on May 15, 2021. On May 29,
2020, the loan was transferred to Wang. 

Through
an understanding between Wang and the Company, the HK Dollar Working Capital Loan is secured by the RMB Working Capital
Loan. It is the understanding between the parties that the HK Dollar Working Capital Loan and the RMB Working Capital Loan will be repaid
simultaneously. 

Lease
Agreements 

The
Company leases approximately 400 square feet of office space at Office Q, 11 th Floor, Kings Wing Plaza 2, No. 1 Kwan Street,
New Territories, Hong Kong, for a lease term of 1 year starting from October 10, 2022, with an annual rent of US 10,000. 

63 

Consulting
Agreements 

On August 1, 2019, the
Company has engaged Chun Hin Leslie Chow as an external consultant after his resignation as the Company s Chief Executive Officer
and accrued a monthly service fee of 11,398 (HK 88,400). The service agreement is renewable annually. The agreement was renewed on August
1, 2021 with a monthly service fee of 10,290 (HK 80,000). The service agreement expired in 2022 and was not renewed. 

On September 16, 2020, the
Company engaged Fang Mu as an external consultant after her resignation as the Company s Chief Executive Officer and accrued a monthly
service fee of 5,157 (HK 40,000) with an expiration date on September 15, 2021. The service agreement is renewable annually. The agreement
was renewed on September 16, 2021 with a monthly service fee of 10,290 (HK 80,000). The service agreement expired in 2022 and was not
renewed. 

No
other significant consulting arrangements were signed from April 1, 2022 onwards 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

On May 4, 2022, Assentsure
PAC Assentsure was appointed as the new independent registered public accounting firm. Simultaneously with the appointment
of Assentsure, on May 4, 2022, WWC, P.C. WWC was dismissed as the independent registered public accounting firm for the
Company. 

Audit Fees 

We incurred approximately
 230,000 for professional services rendered by our former registered independent public accounting firm, WWC for the review of the Company
in the fiscal year 2021. 

We incurred approximately
 nil for professional services rendered by our current registered independent public accounting firm, Assentsure, for the audit of the
Company in the fiscal year 2021. 

We incurred approximately
 251,750 for professional services rendered by our current registered independent public accounting firm, Assentsure, for the
audit of the Company in the fiscal year 2022. 

Audit-Related
Fees 

We
did not incur any audit-related fees in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Tax
Fees 

We
did not incur any tax fees in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

All
Other Fees 

We
did not incur any fees from our registered independent public accounting firm for services other than the services covered in Audit
Fees in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures 

The
Board of Directors pre-approves all audit and non-audit services performed by the Company s auditor and the fees to be paid
in connection with such services in order to assure that the provision of such services does not impair the auditor s independence. 

64 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws
 (1) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation (1) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation (1) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment (2) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment (3) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment (5) 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation of HongKong Takung Assets and Equity Artworks Exchange Co., Ltd. (4) 
 
 3.9 
 
 Articles
 of Association of HongKong Takung Assets and Equity Artworks Exchange Co., Ltd. (4) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Takung
 Art Co., Ltd 2015 Incentive Share Plan (6) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description
 of Securities (12) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form
 of Warrant (18) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Share
 Exchange Agreement dated September 23, 2014, by and among Cardigant Medical Inc., HongKong Takung Assets and Equity Artworks
 Exchange Co., Ltd., and the shareholders of HongKong Takung Assets and Equity Artworks Exchange Co., Ltd.(4) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Tenancy
 Agreement dated December 15, 2020 by and between International Collections Limited and Hong Kong Takung Art Company Limited (13) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Co-Owner
 Agreement (4) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Provisional
 Rules Governing the Trading in Artwork Units (4) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Provisional
 Rules Governing the Offering and Listing of Artwork Units(4) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Market
 Entry Agreement of Traders (4) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Provisional
 Administrative Measures Governing the Registration and Clearing of Artwork Units(4) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Order
 Form with China Telecom Global Limited(4) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Subscription
 Agreement (8) 
 
 10.10 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 10.11 
 
 Employment
 Agreement between Mr. Jehn Ming Lim and Hong Kong Takung Art Company Limited dated February 18, 2019. (10) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Lease Agreement between The Shaw Foundation Hong Kong Limited and Hong Kong Takung Art Company Limited dated January 25, 2019. (11) 
 
 10.13 

10.14 
 
 Loan
 Agreement dated June 13, 2019 by and between Friend Sourcing Ltd. and Hong Kong Takung Art Company Limited (13) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Loan
 Agreement dated June 13, 2019 by and among Takung Cultural Development (Tianjin) Co., Ltd., Chongqing Aoge Import and Export Co.,
 Ltd. and Wang Daquan (13) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Loan
 Extension Agreement dated September 30, 2020 by and between Friend Sourcing Ltd. and Hong Kong Takung Art Company Limited (13) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Loan
 Extension Agreement dated September 30, 2020 by and between Takung Cultural Development (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. and Chongqing Aoge Import
 and Export Co., Ltd. (13) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated May 28, 2021, by and between Takung Art Co., Ltd. and Cultural Objects Provenance Holdings Limited (14) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Form
 of the Securities Purchase Agreement (15) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Form
 of the Registration Rights Agreement (15) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Engagement
 Letter by and between the Company and Maxim dated April 28, 2021 (15) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Amendment
 to the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 212, 2021, by and between Takung Art Co., Ltd and Cultural Objects Provenance
 Holdings Limited (16) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement (17) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Form
 of Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement (18) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (7) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement (9) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Form of Amended Warrant (22) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement by and among Fecundity Capital Investment Co., Ltd., Hong Kong Takung Art Company Limited, Hong Kong MQ Group Limited and Takung Art Co., Ltd., dated November 1, 2022 (19) 
 
 10.29 
 
 Amendment to the Share Purchase Agreement by and among the Company, Fecundity Capital Investment Co., Ltd., Hong Kong Takung Art Company Limited, Hong Kong MQ Group Limited and Takung Art Co., Ltd., dated December 9, 2022 (20) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between Takung Art Co., Ltd. and NFT Limited, dated November 1, 2022 (19) 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter from WWC, P.C. to the Securities and Exchange Commission (21) 

65 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of WWC, P.C. 
 
 23.2 
 
 Consent of Assentsure PAC 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

(1) 
 Incorporated herein by
 reference to the exhibits to our registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on August 16, 2011. 

(2) 
 Incorporated herein by
 reference to the exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 7, 2013. 

(3) 
 Incorporated herein by
 reference to the exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 6, 2014. 

(4) 
 Incorporated herein by
 reference to the exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 22, 2014. 

(5) 
 Incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 12, 2015. 

(6) 
 Incorporated herein by
 reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our registration statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on August 27, 2015. 

(7) 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 28, 2022. 

(8) 
 Incorporated herein by
 reference to the exhibits to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 17, 2015. 

(9) 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 29, 2022. 

(10) 
 Incorporated herein by
 reference to the exhibit to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 19, 2019. 

(11) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to our annual report
on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2019. 

(12) 
 Incorporated herein by
 reference to the exhibits to our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 8, 2020. 

(13) 
 Incorporated herein by
 reference to the exhibits to our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2021. 

(14) 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to the exhibits to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 1, 2021. 

(15) 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to the exhibits to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 13, 2021. 

(16) 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to the exhibits to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 15, 2021. 

(17) 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to the exhibits to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 23, 2022. 

(18) 
 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to the exhibits to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 25, 2022. 

(19) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to our current report
 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 7, 2022. 

(20) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Exhibit 10.3 to our current
 report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 9, 2022. 

(21) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Exhibit 16.1 to our current
 report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 9, 2022. 

(22) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our current report
on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 30, 2022. 

Filed herewith 

Furnish herewith 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

66 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TAKUNG ART CO., LTD 

April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Kuangtao Wang 

Kuangtao Wang 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the
following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Kuangtao
 Wang 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Kuangtao Wang 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Jianguang
 Qian 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Jianguang Qian 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Doug Buerger 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Doug Buerger 

/s/ Guisuo
 Lu 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Guisuo Lu 

/s/ Ronggang
 (Jonathan) Zhang 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Ronggang (Jonathan) Zhang 

67 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex21-1_takungart.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

List of Subsidiaries 

Subsidiaries 
 
 Place of Incorporation 
 
 Hong Kong Takung Art Company Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 Hong Kong MQ Group Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 NFT DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
 
 New York, United States 
 
 NFT EXCHANGE LIMITED 
 
 Wyoming, United States 
 
 METAVERSE DIGITAL PAYMENT CO., LIMITED 
 
 Hong Kong 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex23-1_takungart.htm
 CONSENT OF WWC, P.C

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

Takung Art Co., Ltd. 

We hereby consent to the incorporation of our
report dated April 15, 2022, in the Registration Statement on the Amendment No. 2 to the Form F-4, under the Securities Act of 1933 (File
No. 333-268865) with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of Takung Art Co., Ltd and its subsidiaries (collectively the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders 
equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes, which appears in this Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

San Mateo, California 
 WWC, P.C. 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 Certified Public Accountants 

PCAOB ID No. 1171 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex23-2_takungart.htm
 CONSENT OF ASSENTSURE PAC

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements on Amendment No. 2 to the Form F-4 (File No. 333-268865) of our report dated April 17, 2023, relating
to the consolidated financial statements of Takung Art Co., Ltd (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, appearing
in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We also consent to the reference to us under
the heading Experts in the Registration Statements. 

/s/ Assentsure PAC 

Assentsure PAC 

 Singapore 

 April 17, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-1_takungart.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Kuangtao Wang, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Takung Art Co., Ltd, for the fiscal period ended December
31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by
this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Kuangtao Wang 

Kuangtao Wang 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-2_takungart.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jianguang Qian, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Takung Art Co., Ltd, for the fiscal period ended December
31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by
this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Jianguang Qian 

Jianguang Qian 

Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-1_takungart.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The
undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as an officer of Takung Art Co., Ltd (the Company ), for the purposes of 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge: 

(1) The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Kuangtao Wang 

Kuangtao Wang 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Jianguang Qian 

Jianguang Qian 

Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

The foregoing certification
is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter
63 of title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 tkat-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 18
 tkat-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 19
 tkat-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 tkat-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 21
 tkat-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

