<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230601_10-K_edgar_data_1019034_0001437749-23-016374.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9884814</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>255194</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1596937</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2980061</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2503501</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2277750</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-016374.hdr.sgml : 20230602
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230601164546
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-016374
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230601
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230601

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BIO KEY INTERNATIONAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001019034
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				411761861
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13463
		FILM NUMBER:		23985352

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3349 HIGHWAY 138
		STREET 2:		BUIDING A, SUITE E
		CITY:			WALL
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07719
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7323591100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3349 HIGHWAY 138
		STREET 2:		BUIDING A, SUITE E
		CITY:			WALL
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07719

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SAC TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19961115

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-016374.txt : 20230602

10-K
 1
 bkyi20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

bkyi20221231_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ___ TO ___ 

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 

			 incorporation or organization) 

(IRS Employer 

			 Identification Number) 

, , 

 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

 ) 

 Registrant s telephone number, including area code. 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates was based upon the closing price for shares of the registrant s post-split common stock of 1.77 as reported by the Nasdaq Stock Market on that date. 

As of May 30, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
			 
			 1 

Item 1. 

Business 

1 

Item 1A 

Risk Factors 

9 

Item 1B 
			 Unresolved Staff Comments 
			 17 

Item 2 

Properties 

17 

Item 3 

Legal Proceedings 

17 

Item 4 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

17 

PART II 
			 
			 18 

Item 5 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

18 

Item 6 

Reserved 

18 

Item 7 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

19 

Item 7A 

Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

24 

Item 8 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

24 

Item 9 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

24 

Item 9A 

Controls and Procedures 

25 

Item 9B 

Other Information 

25 

Item 9C 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

25 

PART III 
			 
			 26 

Item 10 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

26 

Item 11 

Executive Compensation 

29 

Item 12 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

33 

Item 13 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

35 

Item 14 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

35 

PART IV 
			 
			 36 

Item 15 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

36 

Item 16 

Form 10-K Summary 

37 

Signatures 

69 

PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT 

All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements regarding our future financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, should, estimate, will, may, future, plan, intend and expect and similar expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those included within or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, our history of losses and limited revenue; our ability to raise additional capital; our ability to protect our intellectual property; changes in business conditions; changes in our sales strategy and product development plans; changes in the marketplace; continued services of our executive management team; security breaches; competition in the biometric technology and identity access management industries; market acceptance of biometric products generally and our products under development; our ability to execute and deliver on contracts in Africa; our ability to expand into Asia, Africa and other foreign markets; our ability to integrate the operations and personnel of Swivel Secure into our business; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; the duration and extent of continued hostilities in Ukraine and its impact on our European customers; delays in the development of products, statements of assumption underlying any of the foregoing, and numerous other matters of national, regional and global scale, including those set forth under the caption Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). These factors are not intended to represent a complete list of the general or specific factors that may affect us. It should be recognized that other factors, including general economic factors and business strategies, may be significant, presently or in the future. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Solely for convenience, trademarks and tradenames referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K appear (after the first usage) without the and symbols, but those references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or that the applicable owner will not assert its rights, to these trademarks and tradenames. 

Overview 

BIO-key International, Inc. (the Company, BIO-key, we, or us is a leading identity and access management (IAM) platform provider enabling secure work-from-anywhere for enterprise, education, and government customers using secure multi-factor authentication (MFA). Our vision is to enable any organization to secure streamlined and passwordless workforce, customer, citizen and student access to any online service, workstation, or mobile application, without a requirement to use tokens or phones for roving users and shared workstations. Our products include PortalGuard and PortalGuard Identity-as-a-Service (IDaaS) enterprise IAM, WEB-key biometric civil and large-scale ID infrastructure, MobileAuth mobile phone authentication application for iOS and Android, and high-quality, low-cost accessory fingerprint scanner and FIDO-compliant hardware to provide a full and complete solution for identity-innovating customers. 

BIO-key PortalGuard empowers organizations to maximize the power of cloud, mobile and web technologies by securing users identities and connecting them with the applications they rely on, while keeping cyber-intruders and unauthorized delegates (proxy users) out. Competing MFA solutions require a phone or token for every user authentication use case, but this is expensive and ineffective for workforce users who cannot use a phone in their workplace, or who rove among workstations or share kiosks for access to information systems. BIO-key s exclusive Identity-Bound Biometrics (IBB) authentication methods address this by making biometric identification based available at any end point device, making the user their own credential, not their phone or a token. 

Our customers trust BIO-key to secure access to a variety of cloud, mobile and web applications, on-premise and cloud-based hypervisor servers from all of their devices. Employees and contractors sign into BIO-key PortalGuard to seamlessly and securely access the applications needed to do their work, and customers sign into BIO-key PortalGuard to access online services. Organizations use PortalGuard to securely collaborate and communicate with their partners and to provide their customers with flexible, resilient user experiences online and while using mobile devices. PortalGuard can operate standalone as a comprehensive MFA, Single Sign On, and Self-Service Password Reset solution, directly authenticating for Windows sign in and application access, or as an upgraded MFA user experience within an enterprise IAM framework such as Microsoft, Okta, Ping or ForgeRock. 

BIO-key s WEB-key is a scalable biometric service management platform, incorporating key functions for regulatory compliance, enrollment, authentication or identification, and integrity in a multi-tenant private or public cloud delivery platform. Government agencies use BIO-key for their large-scale civil ID projects, because WEB-key underpins a biometric identity ecosystem, is cloud-ready, and provides a scalable, high-integrity trust platform which can be operated anywhere and supports over 30 fingerprint scanners interchangeably. 

We also deliver biometric software integration application programming interfaces, or APIs, allowing software developers to leverage our platform to securely and efficiently embed biometric multi-factor authentication, or MFA, into their own products. This allows software developers to focus on their core functionality while BIO-key ensures users enter the application without requiring them to carry their phone or any token. 

Even the most security-focused organizations are suffering breaches as a result of human error or improper conduct. As enterprises scale the number of software as a service, or SaaS applications, and multi-cloud services they rely on and the interconnections between them increase, assured identity has emerged as a critical component of an organization s security framework, directly affecting each triad of cybersecurity confidentiality, integrity, and availability. As access perimeters dissolve, organizations must evolve from network-based security models to Zero Trust and Continuous Authentication and Risk Trust Assessment (CARTA) security models, focusing on adaptive and context-aware controls. True server-secured biometric verification removes the human nature vulnerability at the root of many security compromises creating a more reliable means to manage user access and protect digital assets against rogue users willing to hand over their credentials to a proxy. Our global identity as a service, or IDaaS, hosting capability allows our customers to simplify and efficiently scale their security infrastructures across internal IT systems and external customer facing applications without installation overhead, security or uptime management efforts. 

1

We designed BIO-key PortalGuard IDaaS and WEB-key to provide organizations an integrated approach to managing and securing all of their identities using the technologies they already use while providing capacity for future needs through the strategic use of biometrics to limit vulnerability and contain authentication costs. Our platform allows users to authenticate their customers, employees, contractors, and partners. It enables any user to connect to any device, cloud or application, all with a simple, customizable, intuitive and consumer-friendly user experience. We utilize server-secured Identity-Bound Biometrics to support roving users without requiring them to carry their phone or a token. As of December 31, 2022, more than 600 customers across multiple industries use BIO-key to secure and manage access for users around the world. 

Development of Business 

BIO-key was founded in 1993 to develop and market advanced fingerprint biometric technology and related security software solutions. First incorporated as BBG Engineering, the company was renamed SAC Technologies in 1994 and renamed BIO-key International, Inc. in 2002. Our principal executive office is located at 3349 Highway 138, Building A, Suite E, Wall, New Jersey 07719. 

BIO-key was a pioneer in developing automated finger identification technology that supplements or compliments other methods of identification and verification, such as personal inspection identification, passwords, tokens, smart cards, ID cards, credit card, passports, driver s licenses, or other form of possession or knowledge-based credentialing. Our advanced technology and is used to improve both the accuracy and speed of fingerprint biometrics in some of the largest biometric systems in the world. 

On June 30, 2020, we enhanced our product offering by acquiring PistolStar, Inc. PistolStar ). PistolStar provides enterprise-ready identity access management solutions to commercial, government and education customers throughout the United States and internationally. PistolStar develops and markets our PortalGuard line of software and services. 

On March 8, 2022, we expanded our sales and support operation into Europe, Africa and the Middle East EMEA by acquiring Swivel Secure Europe, SA. Swivel Secure Europe is a Madrid, Spain based provider of IAM solutions serving over 300 customers through a network of dozens of channel partners throughout EMEA. Swivel Secure Europe is the exclusive distributer of AuthControl Sentry, AuthControl Enterprise and AuthControl MSP product line in Europe, Middle East, and Africa, excluding the United Kingdom. Swivel Secure maintains a direct sales force with offices in Madrid, Spain and Lisbon, Portugal. 

Our Products 

BIO-key PortalGuard and PortalGuard IDaaS 

BIO-key PortalGuard is an independent, customer-controlled and neutral-by-design cloud-based identity platform that allows our customers to integrate with any cloud or on-premise SaaS application, service or cloud host, as well as Windows device authentication through a single secure, reliable and scalable IAM platform. It provides identical capabilities in both a SaaS (PortalGuard IDaaS) or on-premise (PortalGuard) delivery model. PortalGuard integrates BIO-key s Identity Bound Biometric (IBB) authentication as what-you-are authentication options that are not tied to a device or what you have authentication, allowing our customers to positively identify who is accessing their systems, not the device they might have handed off to another user. Our three-way IAM neutrality consists of: 

seventeen MFA authentication factor choices, including our server-secured IBB via fingerprint scanners, or using a palm scan, facial selfie, or voice biometric via our MobileAuth app on a mobile phone; 

open user directory choices including on premise, hybrid or full-Azure Active Directory, LDAP, IBM Domino, or custom SQL user directory; and 

multiple single sign on, or SSO, federation options, including SAML, Open ID Connect (OIDC), OAUTH, CAS and WS-Fed. 

These capabilities allow our customers to combine and authenticate legacy and future technologies and to securely connect users to the technology that they choose. We design transparent compatibility of the BIO-key PortalGuard IDaaS with on-premise infrastructures and public and hybrid clouds. 

Our customers use the BIO-key PortalGuard IDaaS to secure their workforces and student populations and make their partner networks more collaborative. PortalGuard IDaaS provides more and secure experiences for their customers and end users, which enables our customers to future-proof their environments. PortalGuard IDaaS can be used as the central system for an organization s connectivity, access, authentication and identity lifecycle management needs across all of its users, technology and applications. We enable our customers to easily deploy, manage and secure applications and devices, and offer provisioning services using open source tools. 

Developers can leverage an extensive suite of API and modular SDK tools to build custom cloud, mobile and web application enrollment and authentication experiences that leverage BIO-key PortalGuard and WEB-key as the underlying identity management platform. Once deployed, PortalGuard allows administrators to enforce contextual access management decisions based on conditions such as user identity, device, geolocation, application destination identity, IP range, and time of day. 

2

Our customers use BIO-key to (i) manage and secure work-related IT access of their employees, contractors and supply chain partners, which we call workforce identity; and (ii) manage and secure the identities of users of their web properties, which we call customer identity. 

BIO-key PortalGuard and PortalGuard IDaaS for Workforce Identity . PortalGuard streamlines the way an organization s employees, contractors and supply chain partners connect to its applications and data from any device, while increasing user efficiency, preventing unauthorized delegation, credential sharing, and keeping digital environments secure through our MFA capabilities. We enable organizations to provide their workforces with immediate and secure access to every application from any device they use, without maintaining multiple credentials. Our multi-directory support interfaces with the directories in place at an organization, while allowing SQL-based custom directories where none presently exist. BIO-key PortalGuard Desktop allows customers to extend the BIO-key PortalGuard IDaaS to their existing on-premises and remote workstation Windows sign in. 

BIO-key PortalGuard and PortalGuard IDaaS for Customer Identity . BIO-key PortalGuard allows organizations to secure access to their online properties, while upgrading their customers user experience by delivering self-enrollment and management for customer-facing cloud, mobile or web applications. We enable an organization s product team to layer BIO-key s MFA, SSO and self-service password reset, or SSPR, functionality into their cloud, web and mobile applications through federation standards or using our APIs. Our customers are able to centrally manage policies, audit and log access across their properties, leading to more seamless customer experiences. 

BIO-key VST and WEB-key; Products; Civil and Large-Scale ID Infrastructure 

We have developed what we believe is the most discriminating and effective commercially available finger-based biometric technology. This technology is embedded in our PortalGuard product for enterprise security, providing customers with a unique capability to authenticate users without a phone or token, where appropriate, such as manufacturing, retail, call centers, and health care workers. Other markets for scalable biometric engines include government markets, large scale identity projects such as voter s registration, driver s license, national ID programs, and SIM card registration. 

We also offer a full line of easy to use finger scanners for both enterprise and consumer markets. Our PIV Pro, SidePass , EcoID II and SideSwipes finger readers can be used on any laptop, tablet or other device which contains a USB A or C port. We market and sell these fingerprint scanners through distributors and directly to end users via Amazon. 

AuthControl Sentry; AuthControl Enterprise; AuthControl MSP 

Swivel Secure is the exclusive distributer of AuthControl Sentry, AuthControl Enterprise, and AuthControl MSP product line in Europe, Africa and the Middle East, or EMEA, excluding the United Kingdom and Ireland. These solutions include a patented one-time-code extraction technology, helping enterprises manage the increasing data security risks posed by cloud services and bring your own device policies. 

Fingerprint Readers 

Our series of compact fingerprint readers, we from both commercial companies use SidePass , SideSwipe or EcoID II to replace their Windows passwords and enable Windows Hello for Business without replacing or upgrading laptops or tablets. 

Identity and Access Management, User Multi-Factor Authentication, Single Sign On, Privilege Entitlement and Access Control 

Our products simplify the authentication process for enterprise users and consumers, while raising security levels. This allows our customers to meet new, stronger authentication requirements and security best practices across many industries, while delivering a superior end-user experience. Customers use our products to reduce risk of theft, fraud, loss, account takeover attacks, and unauthorized account sharing by limiting access to valuable assets, privileges, data, services, networks and places to only authorized individuals. Our products provide stronger identity binding and a superior user experience versus traditional credentialing systems, which utilize a physical or knowledge-based electronic credential to authenticate the holder but fail to authenticate the actual user in addition to the token. Both commercial enterprises and the public sector have seen a shift in the requirement for stronger authentication, and the FBI, NIST and industry thought leaders such as SalesForce and Microsoft have encouraged entities to enhance their security posture by implementing stronger 2-factor authentication (2FA) or MFA. We believe the market for advanced user MFA, including fingerprint biometrics, extends to nearly every industry segment and the market opportunity for our products is massive, global and growing. 

Our Markets 

Historically, our largest market has been identity and access management for highly regulated industries like government and healthcare. However, we are witnessing a change in the landscape as organizations within all industries and of all sizes are embracing biometric technology and MFA as a security and workflow solution. Millions of users have been successfully using biometrics in phones from Apple and Samsung and they welcome the same user experience to access applications without passwords or tokens. 

Our acquisition of PistolStar added a large customer base in the state and local government and higher education (SLED) vertical. Colleges and universities throughout the United States use our PortalGuard MFA and SSO platform. As governments, colleges and universities continue to operate in remote environments, we have seen additional demand for our solutions. 

3

We believe there is potential for significant market growth in the following key areas: 

Enterprise MFA for access to computer networks, and applications. 

Large scale identification projects, especially in Africa and the surrounding regions. 

Government funded initiatives, including the state board of elections. 

International law enforcement use case applications as prospects see us as a global leader in the biometric technology space as witnessed by our agreement with the Israeli Defense Force, and the Singapore and Dubai Police departments. 

Consumer mobile credentialing, including mobile payments, credit and payment card programs, data and application access, and commercial loyalty programs. 

Demand for BIO-key hardware products from Windows Hello for Business users and Fortune 2000 companies. 

Government services and highly regulated industries including, Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, drivers' licenses, campus and school ID, passports/visas. 

Remote authentication challenges, including those created by the remote work shift resulting from the pandemic. 

Business Model 

Our business model is focused on the following key areas: 

Market 

			 Drivers 

Enterprise needs are not being met by mainstream MFA s phone app or token approach. Supply chain breaches, ransomware attacks, and administrative access compromises highlight the shortcomings of mainstream MFA and security approaches, which leave far too much responsibility on end-users to comply with cyber-hygiene policies. BIO-key s biometric authentication process prevents human error and human nature from undermining secure authentication, while making the end user s access easier than ever. The current climate of broad enterprise adoption of MFA to replace passwords presents opportunities for us to leverage our unique differentiators and exploit the gaps in existing IAM technology approaches. One of those gaps is the challenge of authenticating users that rove among workstations. A second gap is preventing unauthorized account sharing and delegation. 

OEM 

			 Customers 

We continue to prioritize securing agreements with OEM customers. The history of success supporting NCR, McKesson, Omnicell, and LexisNexis provides an established footprint that we intend to build upon. As OEM customers embed our solutions within their products, the customer benefits from the enhanced security and workflow, and frees them from investing in R D to manage an IAM infrastructure of their own. OEM customers ordering patterns are more predictable and OEM customers generally require lower service and support resourcing. 

Highly 

			 Regulated 

			 Industries 

Government ID projects and healthcare organizations, including hospitals, clinics, and small private practices present a strong opportunity for us. Additionally, the financial services industry, including banks and credit unions has grown substantially. 

Partner 

			 Model 

In 2022, we continued to grow our Channel Alliance Partner program (CAP) focused on partnering with select value added resellers, integrators, and distributors. We partner with leading application, managed service and infrastructure vendors, such as Intelisys, Insight, NGEN, Amazon Web Services, Pathify (formerly UCROO Campus), Software House International (SHI), Virtual Graffiti, Atlassian, and ProCirrus. 

Microsoft 

			 Partnership 

We are a Microsoft Partner and our line of compact fingerprint scanners has been tested and qualified by Microsoft to support Windows Hello and Windows Hello for Business. 

4

Hardware 

Hardware products generated 9 of our revenue in 2022. EcoID II has emerged as our most popular scanner for enterprise deployments. For customers that require the highest level of security, PIV-Pro is a FIPS compliant fingerprint scanner, suitable for highly regulated industries and organizations that want a best-in-class solution. 

We have grown our business through a combination of organic growth and the strategic acquisitions of PistolStar and Swivel Secure Europe. We expect to continue to pursue strategic acquisitions of select businesses and assets in the IAM space. In furtherance of this strategy, we are active in the industry and regularly evaluate businesses that we believe will either provide an entry into new market verticals or be synergistic with our existing operations and in either case, be accretive to earnings. We cannot provide any assurance as to whether we will be able to complete any acquisition and if completed, successfully integrate any business we acquire into our operations. Please see the section captioned RISK FACTORS for additional information regarding acquisition risks. 

Marketing and Distribution 

We sell our products directly through our field and inside sales teams, as well as indirectly through our network of channel partners. Through our Channel Alliance Program, we have partnered with more than 40 resellers, system integrators and other distribution partners. We are committed to continue to aggressively grow this program in 2023. 

We partner with leading application, managed service and infrastructure vendors, such as Intelisyss, Insight, NGEN, Amazon Web Services, Pathify (formerly UCROO Campus), Software House International (SHI), Virtual Graffiti, Atlassian, and ProCirrus. 

We offer our software under a SaaS term license and generate annual recurring revenue (ARR) primarily by selling multi-year subscriptions to our software. We employ a customer success team, focused on customer satisfaction and early remediation. 

Intellectual Property Rights 

We develop and own significant intellectual property and believe that our intellectual property is fundamental to our biometric and IAM product operation: We own patented technologies and trade secrets developed or acquired by us. 

Patents 

On December 26, 2006, we were issued US patent No. 7,155,040 covering our unique image processing technology, which is critical for enhancing information used in the extraction of biometric minutiae. The issued patent protects a critical part of an innovative four-phase image enhancement process developed by us. With the payment of all maintenance fees, this patent will expire on January 29, 2025. 

On April 15, 2008, we were issued US patent No. 7,359,553 covering our image enhancement and data extraction core algorithm components. The solution protected under this patent provides the capability to quickly and accurately transform a fingerprint image into a computer image that can be analyzed to determine the critical data elements. With the payment of all maintenance fees, this patent will expire on January 3, 2025. 

5

On November 18, 2008, we were issued US patent No. 7,454,624 for our Match Template Protection within a Biometric Security System method. The solution protected under this patent limits the scope of enrollment templates usage and also eliminates the need for revocation or encryption processes, which can be expensive and time consuming. With the payment of all maintenance fees, this patent will expire on May 17, 2025. 

On March 10, 2009, we were issued US patent No. 7,502,938 for our Trusted Biometric Device which covers a simple, yet secure method of protecting a user s biometric information. It covers the transmission of information from the point the information is collected at the biometric reader until the data reaches the computer or device that is authenticating the user s identity. With the payment of all maintenance fees, this patent will expire on October 25, 2025. 

On November 8, 2011, we were issued US Patent No. 8,055,027 for our Generation of Directional Information in the Context of Image Processing method for image enhancement and processing. With the payment of all maintenance fees, this patent will expire on October 10, 2027. 

On June 5, 2012, PistolStar was issued US Patent No. 8,196,193 for Method For Retrofitting Password Enabled Computer Software with a Redirectional User Authentication Method , where a device, method, and system may be used to integrate and control authentication and passwords among various applications and platforms. With the payment of all maintenance fees, this patent will expire on November 1, 2030. 

On July 3, 2012, we were issued US Patent No. 8,214,652 for our Biometric Identification Network Security , an expanded method of network and related network authentication security systems utilizing hardware-based support for encryption and key management for authentication purposes. With the payment of all maintenance fees, this patent will expire on April 24, 2024. 

On March 12, 2013, PistolStar was issued US Patent No. 8,397,077 for Client Side Authentication Redirection , where user specific attributes may be accessed and used to produce a generated password, using an algorithm and the user attributes. With the payment of all maintenance fees, this patent will expire on August 7, 2030. 

On May 3, 2017, we were issued US Patent No. 9,646,146 for our Utilization of Biometric Data , a method enables existing small area sensors to capture substantially more fingerprint surface area, leading to a higher degree of accuracy when performing a match. With the payment of all maintenance fees, this patent will expire on March 6, 2035. 

On June 19, 2018, we were issued U.S. Patent No. 10,002,244 for our Utilization of Biometric Data to allow continuous, passive user authentication on a mobile device. With the payment of all maintenance fees, this patent will expire on March 6, 2035. 

On July 27, 2018, we were issued U.S. Patent No. 10,025,831 for Adaptive Short Lists and Acceleration of Biometric Database Search , a method to quickly and iteratively search a database of biometric data. With the payment of all maintenance fees, this patent will expire on August 10, 2036. 

On September 3, 2019, we were issued U.S. Patent No. 10,400,481 for Fingerprint Lock , a lock design method of the shackle and spring integration to electronics. With the payment of all maintenance fees, this patent will expire on June 27, 2037. 

On September 10, 2019, we were issued U.S Patent No. 10,410,040 for Fingerprint Lock Control method and Fingerprint Lock System , a lock design method of the control process of scanning, and server communications for user profile management. With the payment of all maintenance fees, this patent will expire on July 26, 2037. 

On April 20, 2021, we were issued U.S. Patent No. 10,984,085 for Biometric Recognition for Uncontrolled Acquisition Environments , expected to be deployed in mobile devices, the patent provides a method of continuous capture of the users biometric data before the need of the authentication or enrollment, as well as during an active session with a user, to assure the user has not changed. With the payment of all maintenance fees, this patent will expire on March 13, 2039. 

We have also been granted parallel patents to the US Patent portfolio to certain of our patents in many foreign countries offering protection of our intellectual property rights around the world. 

Trademarks 

We have registered our trademarks BIO-key , True User Identification , Intelligent Image Indexing , WEB-key , SideSwipe , SidePass , EcoID , PistolStar , PortalGuard , MobileAuth , PASSIVEKEY and PISTOLSTAR . with the U.S. Patent Trademark Office, as well as many foreign countries, protecting the names of our companies and our key technology offerings. 

6

We also own the following unregistered trademarks: PortalGuard Nebula , Password Power and Scooch . 

Copyrights and trade secrets 

We take measures to ensure copyright and license protection for our software releases prior to distribution. When possible, the software is licensed in an attempt to ensure that only licensed and activated software functions to its full potential. We also take measures to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets. 

Research and Development 

Our PortalGuard IAM product line is mature, with hundreds of active customers, and we are adding additional factors and capabilities to the product, as well as enhancing the self-management for the functionally equivalent PortalGuard IDaaS offering. A significant new authentication factor set will come via our MobileAuth application for users to experience multiple biometric secure authentication via their mobile phone devices. Our VST and WEB-key biometric platforms are mature, stable, and widely-deployed. We concentrate our research and development efforts on enhancing the functionality, reliability and integration of our current products as well as acquiring and developing new and innovative products and solutions for providing broader access to the BIO-key user experience. 

Although we believe that our identification technology is one of the most advanced and discriminating fingerprint technologies available today, the markets in which we compete are characterized by rapid technological change and evolving standards and use-cases. In order to maintain our position in the market, we will need to continue to upgrade and refine our existing technologies as new standards become relevant to our customers and markets. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred expenses of 3,252,236 and 2,355,056, respectively, for research and development. 

In future periods our R D efforts will remain focused on updating and advancing our core software products including PortalGuard and PortalGuard IDaaS, MobileAuth, WEB-key and VST. These products are critical to support the anticipated growth in enterprise IAM. 

Competition 

The IAM, MFA and SSO market is characterized by multiple solution providers of solutions in either standalone or IAM suite delivery models. We believe that our unique differentiator in this market is the incorporation of an unparalleled server-secured biometric authentication capability among our 17 authentication factors. There are numerous companies involved in the development, manufacturing and marketing of fingerprint biometrics products to commercial, government, law enforcement and prison markets. These companies include, but are not limited to, IDEMIA, Thales, NEC, Neurotechnology, and Innovatrics. 

The majority of sales for automated fingerprint identification products in the market to date have been deployed for government agencies, healthcare facilities, and law enforcement applications. The consumer and commercial markets represent areas of growth potential for biometrics, led by the use of mobile devices. 

The epidemic of security and data breaches reported over the past few years is one of the driving factors for identifying new methods of protecting valuable data. After attempting to create a more sophisticated password, or more efficient token or PIN, it has become apparent that each of these methods are easily compromised, and the downside risks are significant. 

We have also seen FIDO-compliant keys enter the market, led by Yubico s YubiKey, a hardware token device that acts as a credential for access. FIDO officially recommends enterprises purchase two or more keys for every user, to prevent lockout in the event of a lost or misplaced FIDO token. These hardware tokens alone do not meet the needs of large organizations for which key sharing and lost keys are concerns, establishing the opportunity for our Identity Bound Biometric differentiation. Where FIDO is needed, we offer a line of equivalent function and quality, but lower-cost FIDO 2.0 keys. 

With respect to competing biometrics technologies, each has its strengths and weaknesses and none has emerged as a market leader: 

Fingerprint identification is generally viewed as very accurate, inexpensive and non-intrusive and is the dominant biometric in use today and will be for the foreseeable future; 

Palm Vein scanning is expensive, technique-sensitive, and offers mobility challenges; 

7

Iris scanning is viewed as accurate, but the hardware is significantly more expensive; and 

Facial recognition can have privacy concerns with work-from-home use, and is typically highly dependent on ambient lighting conditions, angle of view, and other factors. 

Government Regulations 

Various state, federal and EU privacy laws govern the collection, storage, use and any sale of biometric-related data. To the extent that BIO-key s IDaaS offerings include the collection and storage of customer users personal or biometric data, we operate as a processor of such data. Our WEB-key platform includes compliance features to ensure automated compliance with these laws including collection of informed written consent during enrollment workflows and robust auditing to control and report on the retention of biometric data and removal requests. Additionally, our customers have access to these tools to maintain their own compliance, including deletion of user data when business relationships terminate. 

We believe in biometric privacy rights, and that both users and their organizations benefit from a responsibly operated biometric identity infrastructure. We actively participate in industry privacy workgroups as recognized biometric subject matter experts in order to influence and keep abreast of any proposed changes to these regulations. Beyond these regulations, we are not currently subject to direct regulation by any government agency, other than regulations generally applicable to businesses or related to specific project requirements. In the event of any international sales, we would be subject to various domestic and foreign laws regulating such exports and export activities. 

Environmental Regulations 

As of the date of this report, we have not incurred any material expenses relating to our compliance with federal, state, or local environmental laws and do not expect to incur any material expenses in the foreseeable future. 

Seasonality 

Generally, our revenues do not exhibit a seasonal pattern, however, revenue is affected by customer budgeting, government fiscal year planning, and capital budgets. 

Human Capital Resources 

As of the date of this report, we employed fifty-two individuals consisting of fifty-one individuals on a full-time basis as follows: (i) twenty in engineering, customer support, and research and development; (ii) nine in finance and administration; and (iii) twenty-two in sales and marketing. We also have two part time employees, one who provides engineering services, and one who provides administrative services, and two factory contractors in China. None of our employees are represented by a labor union and we believe that our relationship with our employees is good. 

8

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Set forth below are the risks that we believe are material to our investors. This section contains forward-looking statements. You should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements appearing just before the section captioned BUSINESS in Item 1 above. 

BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL RISKS 

Based on our lack of sufficient revenue and recurring losses from operations, our independent registered public accounting firm has included an explanatory paragraph in their opinion as to the substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Due to, among other factors, our history of losses and insufficient revenue, our independent registered public accounting firm has included an explanatory paragraph in their opinion for the year ended December 31, 2022 as to the substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, which contemplate that we will continue to operate as a going concern. Our financial statements do not contain any adjustments that might result if we are unable to continue as a going concern. 

We have historically not generated significant revenue and have sustained substantial operating losses. 

In order to increase revenue, we have developed a direct sales force and anticipate the need to retain additional sales, marketing and technical support personnel and may need to incur substantial expenses. We cannot assure you that we will be able to secure these necessary resources, that a significant market for our technologies will develop, or that we will be able to achieve our targeted revenue. If we are unable to achieve revenue or raise capital sufficient to cover our ongoing operating expenses, we will be required to scale back operations, including marketing and research initiatives, or in the extreme case, discontinue operations. 

We may need to obtain additional financing to execute our business plan over the long-term, which may not be available. If we are unable to raise additional capital or generate significant revenue, we may not be able to continue operations. 

We have historically financed our operations through access to the capital markets by issuing secured and convertible debt securities, convertible preferred stock, common stock, and through factoring receivables. We currently require approximately 798,000 per month to conduct our operations, a monthly amount that we have been unable to consistently achieve through revenue generation. During 2022, we generated approximately 7.0 million of revenue, which is below our average monthly requirements. If we are unable to generate sufficient revenue to cover operating expenses and fund our business plan, we will need to obtain additional third-party financing. We may, therefore, need to obtain additional financing through the issuance of debt or equity securities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to secure any such additional financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we cannot obtain such financing, we will not be able to execute our business plan, will be required to reduce operating expenses, and in the extreme case, discontinue operations. 

Our 2.2 million principal amount secured note matures on December 22, 2023 and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business or the ability to raise sufficient funds to repay this note when due which may expose us to the risk of default which would materially and adversely affect our financial condition. 

On December 22, 2022, we issued a 2.2 million secured promissory note (the Note to an investor which is due six months following the date of issuance, subject to one six-month extension by us. Interest under the Note accrues at a rate of 10 per annum, payable monthly through month six increasing to 12 per annum if we extend the term of the Note for an additional six months. The Note is secured by a lien on substantially all of our assets and properties. In addition to current interest payment obligations, the Note contains various covenants. Upon the occurrence of any event of default (as defined in the Note), whether for payment or covenant breach, and expiration of any applicable cure periods, all amounts due under the Note will immediately become due and payable in full, interest will accrue at the higher of 18 per annum or the maximum amount permitted by applicable law, the outstanding principal amount due under the Note will be increased by 30 , and the Investor will have the right to convert all amounts due under the Note into shares of common stock at a conversion price equal to the 10 day volume weighted average sales price of our stock. Although the aggregate number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Note is capped at 985,576 shares, any such conversion could cause substantial dilution to existing stockholders and cause the price of our stock to drop. In April of 2023, we were in default under the Note due to our failure to timely file this annual report and timely file a registration statement covering the public resale of the shares issued to the holder of the Note in connection with the financing. We have obtained a waiver and, therefore, as of the date of this report we are not in default. 

We plan to satisfy our obligations under the Note through a combination of cash from operations, liquidation of existing inventory, and proceeds from the issuance of additional debt or equity securities. Such payments will reduce the funds available to us for working capital, capital expenditures and other corporate purposes which may in turn limit our ability to implement our business strategy, heighten our vulnerability to downturns in our business, the industry, or in the general economy, and prevent us from taking advantage of business opportunities as they arise. While we believe that our plans to repay and or refinance this indebtedness are reasonable, as of the date of this report, we can provide no assurances that we will have cash resources from operations or be able to obtain the necessary financing on attractive terms or at all to repay the Note in full. Any plans to refinance are subject to the conditions in the capital and credit markets, which have been volatile due to, among other things, increases in interest rates. As a result, we may be forced to obtain capital on terms that are unattractive or that are dilutive to our stockholders and may need to pursue other alternatives to satisfy our obligation under the Note if we are unable to access the capital markets. 

Our biometric technology has yet to gain widespread market acceptance and we do not know how large of a market will develop for our technology. 

Biometric technology has received only limited market acceptance, particularly in the private sector. Our technology represents a novel security solution and we have not yet generated significant sales. Although recent security concerns relating to identification of individuals and appearance of biometric readers on popular consumer products, including the Apple iPhone, have increased interest in biometrics generally, it remains an undeveloped, evolving market. Biometric based solutions compete with more traditional security methods including keys, cards, personal identification numbers and security personnel. Acceptance of biometrics as an alternative to such traditional methods depends upon a number of factors including: 

national or international events which may affect the need for or interest in biometric solutions; 

the performance and reliability of biometric solutions; 

marketing efforts and publicity regarding these solutions; 

public perception regarding privacy concerns; 

costs involved in adopting and integrating biometric solutions; 

proposed or enacted legislation related to privacy of information; and 

competition from non-biometric technologies that provide more affordable, but less robust, authentication (such as tokens and smart cards). 

For these reasons, we are uncertain whether our biometric technology will gain widespread acceptance in any commercial markets or that demand will be sufficient to create a market large enough to produce significant revenue or earnings. Our future success depends, in part, upon business customers adopting biometrics generally, and our solution specifically. 

Biometric technology is a new approach to Internet security, which must be accepted in order for our WEB-key solution to generate significant revenue. 

Our WEB-key authentication initiative represents a new approach to Internet security, which has been adopted on a limited basis by companies that distribute goods, content or software applications over the Internet. The implementation of our WEB-key solution requires the distribution and use of a finger scanning device and integration of database and server side software. Although we believe our solutions provide a higher level of security for information transmitted over the Internet than existing traditional methods, unless business and consumer markets embrace the use of a scanning device and believe the benefits of increased accuracy outweigh implementation costs, our solution will not gain market acceptance. 

9

The market for our solutions is still developing and if the biometrics industry adopts standards or a platform different from our standards or platform, our competitive position would be negatively affected. 

The market for identity solutions is still developing. The evolution of this market may result in the development of different technologies and industry standards that are not compatible with our current solutions, products or technologies. Several organizations set standards for biometrics to be used in identification and documentation. Although we believe that our biometric technologies comply with existing standards, these standards may change and any standards adopted could prove disadvantageous to or incompatible with our business model and current or future solutions, products and services. 

Our software products may contain defects which will make it more difficult for us to establish and maintain customers. 

Although we have completed the development of our core biometric technology, it has only been used by a limited number of business customers. Despite extensive testing during development, our software may contain undetected design faults and software errors, or bugs that are discovered only after it has been installed and used by a greater number of customers. Any such defect or error in new or existing software or applications could cause delays in delivering our technology or require design modifications. These could adversely affect our competitive position and cause us to lose potential customers or opportunities. Since our technologies are intended to be utilized to secure physical and electronic access, the effect of any such bugs or delays will likely have a detrimental impact on us. In addition, given that biometric technology generally, and our biometric technology specifically, has yet to gain widespread acceptance in the market, any delays would likely have a more detrimental impact on our business than if we were a more established company. 

In order to generate revenue from our biometric products, we are dependent upon independent original equipment manufacturers, system integrators and application developers, which we do not control. As a result, it may be more difficult to generate sales. 

We market our technology through licensing arrangements with: 

original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), system integrators and application developers which develop and market products and applications which can then be sold to end users; and 

companies which distribute goods, services or software applications over the Internet. 

As a technology licensing company, our success will depend upon the ability of these manufacturers and developers to effectively integrate our technology into products and services which they market and sell. We have no control over these licensees and cannot assure you that they have the financial, marketing or technical resources to successfully develop and distribute products or applications acceptable to end users or generate any meaningful revenue for us. These third parties may also offer the products of our competitors to end users. While we have commenced a significant sales and marketing effort, we have only begun to develop a significant distribution channel and may not have the resources or ability to sustain these efforts or generate any meaningful sales. 

We face intense competition and may not have the financial and human resources necessary to keep up with rapid technological changes, which may result in our technology becoming obsolete. 

The Internet, facility access control, and information security markets are subject to rapid technological change and intense competition. We compete with both established biometric companies and a significant number of startup enterprises as well as providers of more traditional methods of access control. Most of our competitors have substantially greater financial and marketing resources than we do and may independently develop superior technologies, which may result in our technology becoming less competitive or obsolete. We may not be able to keep pace with this change. If we are unable to develop new applications or enhance our existing technology in a timely manner in response to technological changes, we will be unable to compete in our chosen markets. In addition, if one or more other biometric technologies such as voice, face, iris, hand geometry or blood vessel recognition are widely adopted, it would significantly reduce the potential market for our fingerprint identification technology. 

We recognized revenues from Africa and the European Union in 2021 and 2022 and expect continued revenues from these regions in future periods. Our financial performance will be subject to risks associated with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar versus local currencies. 

Owing to the international scope of our operations, including our recent acquisition of Swivel Secure Europe, SA, we are exposed to foreign exchange risk. Our primary exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates relates to non-U.S. dollar-denominated sales and operating expenses worldwide. Weakening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar will adversely affect the U.S. dollar value of our foreign currency-denominated sales and earnings, if any, and could lead to us raising international pricing, potentially reducing the demand for our products. In addition, margins on sales of our products in foreign countries and on sales of products that include components obtained from foreign suppliers could be materially adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. As a result, our business and the price of our common stock may be affected by fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, which may have a significant impact on our results of operations and cash flows from period to period. Currently, we do not have any exchange rate hedging arrangements in place. 

10

Although we have made significant sales of our products throughout Asia and Africa in prior years, we have not been able to consistently enforce our contract rights and collect all receivables which has resulted in material write-offs. 

Our ability to enforce our international contracts is contingent on our relationships with foreign resellers, and their financial viability. Although we are making efforts to better enforce our contract rights, there can be no assurance that we will be able to fully collect all receivables originating in Asia and Africa or that will not have to write-off future receivables which may be material in amount. Any such write-offs have in the past and will negatively impact our financial position and results of operation. 

We depend on key employees and members of our management team, including our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and our Chief Legal Officer, in order to achieve our goals. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain or attract such persons. 

Our employment contracts with Michael W. DePasquale, our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Cecilia C. Welch, our Chief Financial Officer, and James D. Sullivan, our Chief Legal Officer, expire annually, and renew automatically for successive one-year periods unless notice of non-renewal is provided by the Company. Although the contracts do not prevent them from resigning, they do contain confidentiality and non-compete clauses, which are intended to prevent them from working for a competitor within one year after leaving our Company. Our success depends on our ability to attract, train and retain employees with expertise in developing, marketing and selling software solutions. In order to successfully market our technology, we will need to retain additional engineering, technical support and marketing personnel. The market for such persons remains highly competitive and our limited financial resources will make it more difficult for us to recruit and retain qualified persons. 

We cannot assure you that the intellectual property protection for our core technology provides a sustainable competitive advantage or barrier to entry against our competitors. 

Our success and ability to compete is dependent in part upon proprietary rights to our technology. We rely primarily on a combination of patent, copyright and trademark laws, trade secrets and technical measures to protect our propriety rights. We have filed a patent application relating to both the optic technology and biometrics solution components of our technology wherein several claims have been allowed. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office has issued us a series of patents for our Vector Segment fingerprint technology (VST), and our other core biometric analysis and identification technologies. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to adequately protect our technology or other intellectual property from misappropriation in the U.S. and abroad. Any patent issued to us could be challenged, invalidated or circumvented or rights granted thereunder may not provide a competitive advantage to us. Furthermore, patent applications that we file may not result in issuance of a patent or, if a patent is issued, the patent may not be issued in a form that is advantageous to us. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, others may independently develop similar products, duplicate our products or design around our patents and other rights. In addition, it is difficult to monitor compliance with, and enforce, our intellectual property rights on a worldwide basis in a cost-effective manner. In jurisdictions where foreign laws provide less intellectual property protection than afforded in the U.S. and abroad, our technology or other intellectual property may be compromised, and our business would be materially adversely affected. If any of our proprietary rights are misappropriated or we are forced to defend our intellectual property rights, we will have to incur substantial costs. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources, including diverting the time and effort of our senior management, and could disrupt our business, as well as have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. We can provide no assurance that we will have the financial resources to oppose any actual or threatened infringement by any third party. Furthermore, any patent or copyrights that we may be granted may be held by a court to infringe on the intellectual property rights of others and subject us to the payment of damage awards. 

We may be subject to claims with respect to the infringement of intellectual property rights of others, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of our financial and management resources. 

Third parties may claim that we are infringing on their intellectual property rights. We may violate the rights of others without our knowledge. We may expose ourselves to additional liability if we agree to indemnify our customers against third party infringement claims. While we know of no basis for any claims of this type, the existence of and ownership of intellectual property can be difficult to verify, and we have not made an exhaustive search of all patent filings. Additionally, most patent applications are kept confidential for twelve to eighteen months, or longer, and we would not be aware of potentially conflicting claims that they make. We may become subject to legal proceedings and claims from time to time relating to the intellectual property of others in the ordinary course of our business. If we are found to have violated the intellectual property rights of others, we may be enjoined from using such intellectual property, and we may incur licensing fees or be forced to develop alternative technology or obtain other licenses. In addition, we may incur substantial expenses in defending against these third party infringement claims and be diverted from devoting time to our business and operational issues, regardless of the merits of any such claim. 

11

In addition, in the event that we recruit employees from other technology companies, including certain potential competitors, and these employees are engaged in the development of portions of products which are similar to the development in which they were involved at their former employers, we may become subject to claims that such employees have improperly used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information. If any such claims were to arise in the future, litigation or other dispute resolution procedures might be necessary to retain our ability to offer our current and future services, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of our financial and management resources. Successful infringement or licensing claims against us may result in substantial monetary damages, which may materially disrupt the conduct of our business and have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if intellectual property claims brought against us are without merit, they could result in costly and time consuming litigation, and may divert our management and key personnel from operating our business. 

If we are unable to effectively protect our intellectual property rights on a worldwide basis, we may not be successful in the international expansion of our business. 

Access to worldwide markets depends in part on the strength of our intellectual property portfolio. There can be no assurance that, as our business expands into new areas, we will be able to independently develop the technology, software or know-how necessary to conduct our business or that we can do so without infringing the intellectual property rights of others. To the extent that we have to rely on licensed technology from others, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain licenses at all or on terms we consider reasonable. The lack of a necessary license could expose us to claims for damages and/or injunction from third parties, as well as claims for indemnification by our customers in instances where we have a contractual or other legal obligation to indemnify them against damages resulting from infringement claims. With regard to our own intellectual property, we actively enforce and protect our rights. However, there can be no assurance that our efforts will be adequate to prevent the misappropriation or improper use of our protected technology in international markets. 

We may not achieve profitability if we are unable to maintain, improve our offerings. 

We believe that our future business prospects depend in part on our ability to maintain and improve our current services and to develop new ones on a timely basis. Our services will have to achieve market acceptance, maintain technological competitiveness, and meet an expanding range of customer requirements. As a result of the complexities inherent in our service offerings, major new wireless data services and service enhancements require long development and testing periods. We may experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction or marketing of new services and service enhancements. Additionally, our new services and service enhancements may not achieve market acceptance. If we cannot effectively develop and improve services, we may not be able to recover our fixed costs or otherwise become profitable. 

If we fail to adequately manage our resources, it could have a severe negative impact on our financial results or stock price. 

We could be subject to fluctuations in technology spending by existing and potential customers. Accordingly, we will have to actively manage expenses in a rapidly changing economic environment. This could require reducing costs during economic downturns and selectively growing in periods of economic expansion. If we do not properly manage our resources in response to these conditions, our results of operations could be negatively impacted. 

We are subject to risks and uncertainties associated with the continued growth of our international operations, which may harm our business. 

We have international operations and recently expanded our international operations when we acquired Swivel Secure Europe SA, and plan to continue expanding abroad. Accordingly, our business is subject to risks and uncertainties associated with doing business outside of the United States and could be adversely affected by a variety of factors, including: 

multiple, conflicting and changing laws and regulations such as privacy, security, and data use regulations, tax laws, export and import restrictions, economic and trade sanctions and embargoes, employment laws, anticorruption laws, regulatory requirements, reimbursement or payer regimes and other governmental approvals, permits and licenses; 

failure by us, our collaborators or our distributors to obtain regulatory clearance, authorization or approval for the use of our product candidates in various countries; 

additional potentially relevant third-party patent rights; 

complexities and difficulties in obtaining intellectual property protection and enforcing our intellectual property; 

difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 

financial risks, such as longer payment cycles, difficulty collecting accounts receivable, the impact of local and regional financial crises on demand and payment for our product candidates and exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

natural disasters, political and economic instability, including wars, terrorism and political unrest, outbreak of disease, boycotts, curtailment of trade and other business restrictions; 

regulatory and compliance risks that relate to maintaining accurate information and control over sales and distributors activities that may fall within the purview of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), its books and records provisions, or its anti-bribery provisions, or laws similar to the FCPA in other jurisdictions in which we may now or in the future operate; and 

anti-bribery requirements of several Member States in the European Union and other countries that may change and require disclosure of information to which U.S. legal privilege may not extend. 

Any of these factors could significantly harm our business, operating results, financial condition or prospects. 

12

Our business could be negatively impacted by security threats, including cybersecurity threats, ransomware, and other disruptions. 

Our customers use our solutions to access their business systems and store data related to their employees, contractors, partners and customers. Our systems integrity is essential to their use of our platform, which stores, transmits and processes customers proprietary information and users personal data. If the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our customers data or systems is disrupted, we could incur significant liability to our customers and to individuals or businesses whose information was being stored by our customers, and our platform may be perceived as less desirable, which could negatively affect our business and damage our reputation. We, our third-party service providers, and our customers may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventive measures. Further, because we do not control our third-party service providers, or the processing of data by our third-party service providers, we cannot ensure the integrity or security of measures they take to protect customer information and prevent data loss beyond evaluating and relying on their representations as to their security methods and posture. Although we utilize various procedures and controls to monitor these threats and mitigate our exposure to such threats, there can be no assurance that these procedures and controls will be sufficient in preventing security threats from materializing. If any of these events were to materialize, they could lead to losses of sensitive information, critical infrastructure, personnel or capabilities, essential to our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. As a technology company, we face various security threats, including cybersecurity threats to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information. on an ongoing basis. 

In addition to threats from traditional computer hackers, malicious code (such as malware, viruses, worms and ransomware), employee or contractor theft or misuse, password spraying, phishing and denial-of-service attacks, we and our third-party service providers now also face threats from sophisticated nation-state and nation-state-supported actors who engage in attacks (including advanced persistent threat intrusions) that add to the risks to our systems (including those hosted on AWS systems), internal networks, our customers systems and the information that they store and process. Cybersecurity attacks in particular are evolving, we expect that they will continue, and we expect the scope and sophistication of these efforts may increase in future periods. As a result, we and our third-party service providers may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures quickly enough to prevent either an electronic intrusion into our systems or services or a compromise of customer data, employee data or other protected information. 

Although we have implemented systems and procedures that are designed to protect customer, employee, vendor and Company information, prevent data loss and other security breaches, and otherwise identify, assess, and analyze cybersecurity risks, these measures may not function as expected or may not be sufficient to protect our internal networks and platform against certain attacks. Development and maintenance of these systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures increase and become more sophisticated. We face an evolving threat landscape in which cybercriminals, among others, employ a complex array of techniques designed to access personal data and other information, including, for example, the use of fraudulent or stolen access credentials, malware, ransomware, phishing, denial of service and other types of attacks. While, to the best of our knowledge, we have not experienced any material misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential or personally identifiable information as a result of a security breach or cyberattack that could materially increase financial risk to the Company or our customers, such a security breach or cyberattack could adversely affect our business and operations, including by damaging our reputation and our relationships with our customers, employees and investors, exposing us to litigation, fines, penalties or remediation costs. 

We maintain cybersecurity insurance, but our insurance may be insufficient to cover all liabilities incurred in any such incident, and any incident may result in loss of, or increased costs of, that cybersecurity insurance. Any breach, or any perceived breach, of our systems, our customers systems, or other systems or networks secured by our products, without regard to whether any breach is due to a vulnerability in our platform, may also undermine confidence in our platform or the identity as a service industry and could result in damage to our reputation and brand, negative publicity, loss of partners, customers and sales, increased costs to correct any problem, costly litigation and other liabilities. In addition, a breach of the security measures of one of our partners could result in the disclosure of confidential information or other data that may provide additional avenues of attack, and if a high profile security breach occurs with respect to a comparable cloud technology provider, our customers and potential customers may lose trust in the security of the cloud business model generally, which could adversely impact our ability to retain existing customers or attract new ones. Any of these negative outcomes could adversely impact market acceptance of our products and could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Our failure to comply with applicable privacy, data protection and information security laws or related contractual obligations could subject us to significant liability and negatively impact our financial position and results of operation. 

There are numerous laws and regulations in various jurisdictions regarding privacy, data protection, information security, and the storing, sharing, use, processing, transfer, disclosure and protection of personal data. In light of the increasing pace of new technology development, including with respect to biometric data, the scope of these data protection and privacy-related laws and regulations are expanding, subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among jurisdictions, or conflict with other rules that we are subject to. These evolving laws and regulations may result in increasing regulatory and public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. We are also subject to the terms of our privacy policies and contractual obligations to third parties related to privacy, data protection and information security. 

Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to customers or other third parties, or applicable laws or regulations relating to privacy, data protection, or information security may result in governmental investigations or enforcement actions, litigation, claims or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others, and could result in significant liability or cause our customers to lose trust in us, which could cause them to cease or reduce use of our products and services and otherwise have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. Any similar failure or perceived failure by users of our products or services may also have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. In addition, legal, regulatory, contractual and other obligations as well as public concerns relating to privacy, data protection or information security could restrict our ability to store and process data as part of our solutions or otherwise impact our ability to provide our solutions in certain jurisdictions and may result in the loss of business opportunities from customers operating in, or seeking to expand into, those jurisdictions. Additionally, in 2022, the SEC proposed new rules related to cybersecurity risk management, which may further increase our regulatory burden and the cost of compliance in such events. 

13

Our failure to maintain appropriate environmental, social, and governance ("ESG") practices and disclosures could result in reputational harm, a loss of customer and investor confidence, and adverse business and financial results. 

There is an increasing focus from certain investors, employees, customers and other stakeholders concerning corporate responsibility, specifically related to environmental, social and governance matters ESG ). Some investors may use these non-financial performance factors to guide their investment strategies and, in some cases, may choose not to invest in us if they believe our policies and actions relating to corporate responsibility are inadequate. The growing investor demand for measurement of non-financial performance is addressed by third-party providers of sustainability assessment and ratings on companies. The criteria by which our corporate responsibility practices are assessed may change due to the constant evolution of the sustainability landscape, which could result in greater expectations of us and cause us to undertake costly initiatives to satisfy such new criteria. If we elect not to or are unable to satisfy such new criteria, investors may conclude that our policies and/or actions with respect to corporate social responsibility are inadequate. We may face reputational damage in the event that we do not meet the ESG standards set by various constituencies. 

Furthermore, if our competitors corporate social responsibility performance is perceived to be better than ours, potential or current investors may elect to invest with our competitors instead. In addition, in the event that we communicate certain initiatives and goals regarding environmental, social and governance matters, we could fail, or be perceived to fail, in our achievement of such initiatives or goals, or we could be criticized for the scope of such initiatives or goals. If we fail to satisfy the expectations of investors, employees and other stakeholders or our initiatives are not executed as planned, our reputation and business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely impacted. 

New climate disclosure rules, if adopted by the SEC, may increase our costs and litigation risks, which could materially and adversely affect our future results of operations and financial condition. 

During 2022, the SEC proposed new climate disclosure rules, which, if adopted, would require new climate-related disclosure in SEC filings, including certain climate-related metrics and greenhouse gas emissions data, information about climate-related targets and goals, transition plans, if any, and extensive attestation requirements. In addition to requiring public companies to quantify and disclose direct emissions data, the new rules also would require disclosure of climate impact arising from the operations and uses by the company s business partners and contractors and end-users of the company s products and/or services. We are currently assessing the impact of the new rules, if adopted as proposed, but at this time, we cannot predict the costs of implementation or any potential adverse impacts resulting from the new rules if adopted. However, we may incur increased costs relating to the assessment and disclosure of climate-related risks and increased litigation risks related to disclosures made pursuant to the new rules, either of which could materially and adversely affect our future results of operations and financial condition. 

The war in Ukraine and the international community s response have created substantial political and economic disruption, uncertainty, and risk. 

Russia s military intervention in Ukraine in late February 2022, Ukraine s widespread resistance, and the NATO led and United States coordinated economic, financial, communications, and other sanctions imposed by other countries have created significant political and economic world uncertainty. There is significant risk of expanded military confrontation between Russia and other countries. It is not possible to predict the broader consequences of the conflict, including related geopolitical tensions, and the measures and retaliatory actions taken by the U.S. and other countries in respect thereof, as well as any counter measures or retaliatory actions by Russia in response. At a minimum, the continuing conflict is likely to cause regional instability, geopolitical shifts and could materially adversely affect global trade, currency exchange rates, regional economies and the global economy, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Current and likely additional international sanctions against Russia may contribute to higher costs, particularly for petroleum-based products. These and related actions, responses, and consequences that cannot now be predicted or controlled may contribute to world-wide economic reversals. 

There is a scarcity of and competition for acquisition opportunities. 

There are a limited number of operating companies available for acquisition that we deem to be desirable targets. In addition, there is a very high level of competition among companies seeking to acquire these operating companies. Many established and well-financed entities are active in acquiring interests in companies that we may find to be desirable acquisition candidates. Many of these entities have significantly greater financial resources, technical expertise and managerial capabilities than us. Consequently, we will be at a competitive disadvantage in negotiating and executing possible acquisitions of these businesses. Even if we are able to successfully compete with these entities, this competition may affect the terms of completed transactions and, as a result, we may pay more or receive less favorable terms than we expected for potential acquisitions. We may not be able to identify operating companies that complement our strategy, and even if we identify a company that complements our strategy, we may be unable to complete an acquisition of such a company for many reasons, including: 

failure to agree on the terms necessary for a transaction, such as the purchase price; 

incompatibility between our operational strategies or management philosophies with those of the potential acquiree; 

competition from other acquirers of operating companies; 

lack of sufficient capital to acquire a profitable distribution company; and 

unwillingness of a potential acquiree to work with our management. 

14

Risks related to acquisition financing. 

We have a limited amount of financial resources and our ability to make additional acquisitions without securing additional financing from outside sources is limited. In order to continue to pursue our acquisition strategy, we may be required to obtain additional financing. We may obtain such financing through a combination of traditional debt financing or the placement of debt and equity securities. We may finance some portion of our future acquisitions by either issuing equity or by using shares of our common stock for all or a portion of the purchase price for such businesses. In the event that our common stock does not attain or maintain a sufficient market value, or potential acquisition candidates are otherwise unwilling to accept our common stock as part of the purchase price for the sale of their businesses, we may be required to use more of our cash resources, if available, in order to maintain our acquisition program. If we do not have sufficient cash resources, we will not be able to complete acquisitions and our growth could be limited unless we are able to obtain additional capital through debt or equity financings. 

We may experience difficulties in integrating the operations, personnel and assets of any business we acquire which may disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value, and adversely affect our operating results . 

A component of our business plan is to acquire businesses and assets in the biometric and identity access management industry. There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify, acquire or profitably manage businesses or successfully integrate acquired businesses into the Company without substantial costs, delays or other operational or financial problems. Such acquisitions also involve numerous operational risks, including: 

difficulties in integrating operations, technologies, services and personnel; 

the diversion of financial and management resources from existing operations; 

the risk of entering new markets; 

difficulties in retaining the existing customers; 

the potential loss of existing or acquired strategic operating partners following an acquisition; 

the potential loss of key employees following an acquisition and the associated risk of competitive efforts from departures; 

assumed or unforeseen liabilities that arise in connection with the acquired business 

possible legal disputes with the acquired company following an acquisition; and 

the inability to generate sufficient revenue to offset acquisition or investment costs. 

As a result, if we fail to properly evaluate and execute any acquisitions or investments, our business and prospects may be seriously harmed. 

To the extent we make any material acquisitions, our earnings may adversely affected by non-cash charges relating to the amortization of intangible assets. 

Under applicable accounting standards, purchasers are required to allocate the total consideration paid in a business combination to the identified acquired assets and liabilities based on their fair values at the time of acquisition. The excess of the consideration paid to acquire a business over the fair value of the identifiable tangible assets acquired must be allocated among identifiable intangible assets including goodwill. The amount allocated to goodwill is not subject to amortization. However, it is tested at least annually for impairment. The amount allocated to identifiable intangible assets, such as customer relationships and the like, is amortized over the life of these intangible assets. We expect that this will subject us to periodic charges against our earnings to the extent of the amortization incurred for that period. Because our business strategy focuses, in part, on growth through acquisitions, our future earnings may be subject to greater non-cash amortization charges than a company whose earnings are derived solely from organic growth. As a result, we may experience an increase in non-cash charges related to the amortization of intangible assets acquired in our acquisitions. Our financial statements will show that our intangible assets are diminishing in value, even if the acquired businesses are increasing (or not diminishing) in value. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK 

We have issued a substantial number of options and warrants exercisable into shares of our common stock which could result in substantial dilution to the ownership interests of our existing stockholders. 

As of the date of this report, approximately 5,075,000 shares of our common stock were reserved for issuance upon exercise or conversion of outstanding stock options and warrants. The exercise or conversion of these securities will result in a significant increase in the number of outstanding shares and substantially dilute the ownership interests of our existing stockholders. 

Upon an event of default under our 2.2 million principal amount secured note, all amounts then due under the note plus all resulting default sums will be convertible into up to 985,576 shares of our common at conversion price equal to the 10-day volume weighted average closing price of our stock. Any such conversion could cause substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and cause the price of our stock to decline. 

Upon the occurrence of any event of default (as defined) under our 2.2 million principal amount secured note, whether for payment or covenant breach, and expiration of any applicable cure periods, all amounts then due under the note, will immediately become due and payable in full, interest will accrue at the higher of 18 per annum or the maximum amount permitted by applicable law, the outstanding principal amount due under the Note will be increased by 30 to approximately 2.86 million, and the holder of the note will have the right to convert all amounts then due under the Note into shares of common stock conversion price equal to the 10-day volume weighted average sales price of our common stock on the date of conversion. Although the aggregate number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Note is capped at 985,576 shares, any conversion of the note could cause substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and cause the price of our stock to decline. During April 2023, we were in default under the Note due to our failure to timely file this annual report and timely file a registration statement covering the public resale of the shares issued to the holder of the Note in connection with the financing. We have obtained a waiver and, therefore, as of the date of this report we are not in default. 

15

An active trading market for our common stock may not be sustained. 

Although our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, an active trading market for our shares may not be developed and if developed, sustained. If an active market for our common stock is not developed or sustained, it may be difficult for you to sell your shares without depressing the market price for the shares or sell your shares at all. Any inactive trading market for our common stock may also impair our ability to raise capital to continue to fund our operations by selling shares and may impair our ability to acquire other companies or technologies by using our shares as consideration. 

If we fail to comply with the continued minimum closing bid requirements, the requirement to timely file all required periodic financial reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or other Nasdaq requirements for continued listing, our Common Stock may be delisted and the price of our Common Stock and our ability to access the capital markets could be negatively impacted. 

Our common stock is listed for trading on Nasdaq. We must satisfy Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, including, among other things, a minimum closing bid price requirement of 1.00 per share and minimum stockholders agreement. On January 12, 2023, we received a letter from the NASDAQ advising us that we have failed to satisfy the 1.00 minimum bid requirement due to the fact that the closing bid price for our Common Stock for thirty consecutive days was less than 1.00. We have 180 calendar days, or until July 11, 2023, to regain compliance. If we are unable to regain compliance during this period, we may be eligible for an additional 180 calendar day period to satisfy the minimum bid requirement. In addition, on April 18, 2023, we received notice from Nasdaq advising that we were not in compliance with Nasdaq s continuing listing rule which requires us to timely file all required periodic financial reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission due to our failure to timely file this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have 60 calendar days to submit a plan to regain compliance. If the plan is accepted, we may be eligible for an additional 180 calendar days from the filing s due date, or until October 16, 2023, to regain compliance. 

We may need to raise additional funds in the future through issuances of securities and such additional funding may be dilutive to stockholders or impose operational restrictions. 

We may need to raise additional capital in the future to help fund our operations through sales of shares of our common stock or securities convertible into shares of our common stock, as well as issuances of debt. Such additional financing may be dilutive to our stockholders, and debt financing, if available, and may involve restrictive covenants which may limit our operating flexibility. If additional capital is raised through the issuance of shares of our common stock or securities convertible into shares of our common stock, the percentage ownership of existing stockholders will be reduced. These stockholders may experience additional dilution in net book value per share and any additional equity securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of the holders of our common stock. 

Because we do not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future, investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our shares of common stock. 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors after taking into account various factors, including but not limited to our financial condition, operating results, cash needs, growth plans and the terms of any credit agreements that we may be a party to at the time. Accordingly, investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase shares of our common stock. 

Provisions of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware law may make a contested takeover of our Company more difficult. 

Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware DGCL could deter a change in our management or render more difficult an attempt to obtain control of us, even if such a proposal is favored by a majority of our stockholders. For example, we are subject to the provisions of the DGCL that prohibit a public Delaware corporation from engaging in a broad range of business combinations with a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns 15 or more of the corporation s outstanding voting shares (an interested stockholder for three years after the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Our certificate of incorporation also includes undesignated preferred stock, which may enable our board of directors to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a tender offer, proxy contest, merger or otherwise. Finally, our bylaws include an advance notice procedure for stockholders to nominate directors or submit proposals at a stockholders meeting. Delaware law and our charter may, therefore, inhibit a takeover. 

The trading price of our common stock may be volatile. 

The trading price of our shares has from time to time fluctuated widely and in the future may be subject to similar fluctuations. The trading price may be affected by a number of factors including the risk factors set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as our operating results, financial condition, announcements of innovations or new products by us or our competitors, general conditions in the biometrics and access control industries, and other events or factors. We cannot assure you that any of the broker-dealers that currently make a market in our common stock will continue to serve as market makers or have the financial capability to stabilize or support our common stock. A reduction in the number of market makers or the financial capability of any of these market makers could also result in a decrease in the trading volume of and price of our shares. In recent years broad stock market indices, in general, and the securities of technology companies, in particular, have experienced substantial price fluctuations. Such broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the future-trading price of our common stock. 

16

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTY 

We do not own any real estate. We conduct operations from leased premises in Eagan, Minnesota (5,544 square feet), Bedford, New Hampshire (3,364 square feet), and Wall, New Jersey (4,517 square feet). Internationally, we conduct operations from leased premises in Tsuen Wan, Hong Kong (1,098 square feet), in Jiangmen, China (3,267 square feet) and in Madrid, Spain (1,504 square feet). Our Eagan, Minnesota and Bedford, New Hampshire offices provide research and development, and customer support, for BIO-key software and PistolStar software, respectively. Our Wall, New Jersey location serves as our corporate headquarters. Our Hong Kong location is a small warehouse for finished goods as well as administrative and sales support. Our Jiangmen, China facility provides our hardware research and development, contract manufacturing and warehousing of raw materials, work-in-process, and finished goods. Our Madrid, Spain office serves as our sales organization for Europe, the Middle East, and parts Africa. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. As of the date of this report, we are not a party to any pending lawsuit. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

17

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our common stock currently trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol BKYI . 

Holders 

As of May 18, 2023, the number of stockholders of record of our common stock was 131. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to-date and have no intention of paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. The terms of our secured promissory note issued in December 2022 prohibits us from paying or declaring any dividends or without the consent of the lender. The declaration and payment of dividends on our common stock is also subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and certain limitations imposed under the Delaware General Corporation Law. The timing, amount, and form of dividends, if any, will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

For information on securities authorized for issuance under the Company s equity compensation plans, see Item 12 - Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Related Stockholder Matters. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

There were no unregistered sales of the Company s equity securities during 2022 that were not previously disclosed in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

Not Applicable. 

18

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and other parts of this Report contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. All forward-looking statements included in this Report are based on information available to us on the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those set forth in the section captioned RISK FACTORS in Item 1A and elsewhere in this Report. 

The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to help you understand our Company. This discussion is provided as a supplement to and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Report. 

Overview 

We are a leading identity access management (IAM) platform provider for the enterprise and large-scale customer and civil ID solutions. Built to leverage BIO-key s world-class biometric core platform among 17 strong authentication factors, BIO-key PortalGuard and hosted PortalGuard IDaaS are platforms that enable our customers to securely and easily assure that only the right people can access the right systems. PortalGuard goes beyond traditional multifactor authentication (MFA) solutions by addressing functional gaps, such as allowing roving users to biometrically authenticate at any workstation without using their phones or tokens, eliminating unauthorized account delegation, detecting duplicate users, and accommodating in-person identification. 

Our customers use BIO-key every day to securely access a variety of cloud, mobile and web applications, on-premise and cloud-based servers from all of their devices. Employees, contractors, students and faculty sign in through PortalGuard to seamlessly and securely access the applications they need to do their important work, without relying on personal phone use or per-user tokens. Organizations use our platform to securely collaborate with their supply chain and partners, and to provide their customers with flexible, resilient user experiences online or in-person. 

Large-scale customer and civil ID customers use our scalable biometric management platform and FBI-certified scanner hardware to manage enrollment, de-duplication and authentication for millions of users. One large bank has enrolled and identifies over 21.7 million of their customers using BIO-key fingerprint biometrics in branches on a daily basis. 

PortalGuard and hosted PortalGuard IDaaS are platforms that enable our customers to securely and easily assure that only the right people can access the right systems by utilizing our world-class biometric core platform among 17 other authentication factors. PortalGuard goes beyond traditional multi-factor authentication, or MFA, solutions by addressing sizeable gaps, such as allowing roving users to biometrically authenticate at any workstation without using their phones or tokens, eliminating unauthorized account delegation, detecting duplicate users, and accommodating in-person identification. 

PortalGuard and IBB deliver unique value to enterprises who find that mainstream MFA solutions do not adequately address their workforce use cases. PortalGuard operates as a single MFA user experience, providing a rich set of authentication choices to meet every use case. We sell our branded biometric and FIDO authentication hardware as accessories to our IAM platforms, so that customers can have a single vendor providing all components of their IAM solution. We do not mandate the use of BIO-key hardware with our software and services. Our NIST-certified fingerprint biometric platform is unique in that it supports interoperable mixing and matching combinations of different manufactures fingerprint scanners in a deployment, so that the right scanner can be selected for the right use case, without mandating the user of a particular scanner. 

Security-conscious software developers leverage our platform APIs and federation interfaces to securely and efficiently embed biometric and MFA identity capabilities into their software. Our approach to IDaaS allows our customers to efficiently scale their security and identity infrastructures to protect both internal cloud workforce- and external customer-facing applications. 

In 2022, we expanded our product offerings and customer base when we acquired Swivel Secure, a Madrid, Spain based provider of IAM solutions. Swivel Secure is the exclusive distributer of AuthControl Sentry, AuthControl Enterprise, and AuthControl MSP product line in Europe, Africa and the Middle East, or EMEA, excluding the United Kingdom and Ireland. These solutions include a patented one-time-code extraction technology, helping enterprises manage the increasing data security risks posed by cloud services and bring your own device policies. 

We operate a SaaS business model with customers subscribing to term use of our software for annual recurring revenue. We sell our products directly through our field and inside sales teams, as well as indirectly through our network of channel partners including resellers, system integrators, master agents and other distribution partners. Our subscription fees include a term license of hosted or on-premise product and technical support and maintenance of our platform. We base subscription fees primarily on the products used and the number of users enrolled in our platform. We generate subscription fees pursuant to noncancelable contracts with a weighted average duration of approximately one year. 

19

Strategic Outlook 

We plan to have a more significant role in the IAM market which continues to expand. We plan to offer customers a suite of authentication options that complement our biometric solutions. The more well-rounded offerings of authentication options will allow customers to customize their approach to authentication all under one umbrella. 

We expect to grow our business within government services and highly-regulated industries in which we have historically had a strong presence including financial services, higher education, and healthcare. We believe that continued heightened security and privacy requirements in these industries, and as colleges and universities continue operating in remote environments, we will generate increased demand for security solutions, including biometrics. In addition, we expect that the compatible, yet superior portable biometric user experience offered by our technology for Windows 10 users will accelerate the demand for our computer network log-on solutions and fingerprint readers. Through value add-offerings via direct sales, resellers, and strategic partnerships with leading higher education platform providers, we will continue to grow our installed base. 

Our primary sales strategies are focused on (i) increased marketing efforts into the IAM market, (ii) dedicated pursuit of large-scale identification projects across the globe and (iii) growing our channel alliance program which we have grown to more than one hundred and fifty participants and continues to generate incremental revenues. 

A second component of our growth strategy is to pursue strategic acquisitions of select businesses and assets in the IAM space. In furtherance of this strategy, we are active in the industry and regularly evaluate businesses that we believe will either provide an entry into new market verticals or be synergistic with our existing operations and in either case, be accretive to earnings. We cannot provide any assurance as to whether we will be able to complete any acquisition and if completed, successfully integrate any business we acquire into our operations. 

Recent Developments 

As discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors given the uncertainty of the duration and severity of a possible economic recession and the conflict between Ukraine and Russia and their effects on our business operations, sales cycles, personnel, and the geographic markets in which we operate, and numerous other matters of national, regional and global scale, including those of a political, economic, business and competitive nature, the related financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. 

The current trend of continued remote work environments increases the risk of unauthorized users, phishing attacks, and hackers who are eager to take advantage of the challenges of securing remote workers. We believe that biometrics should continue to play a key role in remote user authentication. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Consolidated Results of Operations 

Two Year trend 

Years ended 

			 December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenues 

Services 

26 

25 

License fees 

65 

50 

Hardware 

9 

25 

100 

100 

Costs and other expenses 

Cost of services 

10 

13 

Cost of license fees 

13 

4 

Cost of hardware 

12 

16 

35 

33 

Gross Profit 

65 

67 

Operating expenses 

Selling, general and administrative 

133 

118 

Research, development and engineering 

46 

46 

Reversal of earnout payable-Swivel acquisition 

-7 

Impairment of goodwill 

34 

- 

Total operating expenses 

206 

164 

Operating loss 

-141 

-97 

Other income (expense) 

Total other income (expense) 

-29 

-2 

Loss before provision for income tax benefit 

-170 

-99 

Provision for income tax benefit 

- 

- 

Net loss 

-170 

-99 

20

Revenues and Costs and other expenses 

2022-2021 

2022 

2021 

Chg 

Chg 

Revenues 

Services 

1,789,720 

1,273,354 

516,366 

41 

License fees 

4,584,052 

2,555,809 

2,028,243 

79 

Hardware 

646,486 

1,285,326 

(638,840 

-50 

Total Revenue 

7,020,258 

5,114,489 

1,905,769 

37 

Costs and other expenses 

Services 

722,152 

686,175 

35,977 

5 

License fees 

906,417 

183,199 

723,218 

395 

Hardware 

811,001 

803,555 

7,446 

1 

Total Costs and other expenses 

2,439,570 

1,672,929 

766,641 

46 

Revenues 

Revenue increased 1,905,769 or 37 to 7,020,258 in 2022 as compared to 5,114,489 in 2021 due to the factors stated below. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, service revenues included approximately 1,243,000 and 1,100,000, respectively, of recurring maintenance and support revenue, and approximately 546,000 and 173,000, respectively, of non-recurring custom services revenue. Recurring service revenue increased 13 from 2021 to 2022 due largely to the increased maintenance related to increased license revenue. Non-recurring custom services increased 216 due to increased new customer installations, Swivel service fees, and conversion to the cloud platform. Although inflation has negatively impacted many industries, we have continued to see our pipeline increase for the cybersecurity protection software and services that we offer. As our customer base continues to grow, we expect the service revenue to increase in future periods. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, license revenue increased 2,028,243 or 79 to 4,584,052, due primarily to new customer orders, revenues from Swivel Secure for approximately 1.9 million, and existing recurring revenue contracts. We expect the recurring revenue to continue to grow in 2023. 

Hardware sales decreased by 638,840, or 50 , to 646,486 in 2022 from 1,285,326 in 2021. The decrease was attributable largely to Q1 2021 sales in Nigeria to an international government agency, which did not recur in 2022 due to delayed roll out of the government project. 

Costs of goods sold 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cost of services increased approximately 5 to 722,152, due to the increased costs to support for the PortalGuard deployments. 

License fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 732,218, or approximately 395 , to 906,417 related to increased license revenue and license fees payable for third-party software distributed by Swivel Secure. 

Hardware costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 7,446, or approximately 1 , to 811,001. The increase was associated with the decreased hardware sales and hardware mix described above, offset by the 400,000 reserve on inventory due to slow moving inventory purchased for projects in Nigeria. The Company is looking into other markets and opportunities to sell or return the product. 

21

Selling, general and administrative 

2022 - 2021 

2022 

2021 

Chg 

Chg 

9,364,887 

6,028,360 

3,336,527 

55 

Selling, general and administrative costs for year ended December 31, 2022 were 9,364,887 representing a 55 increase from 2021. The increase included higher sales and marketing expenses incurred by Swivel Secure which we acquired in 2022, increased legal, professional, and other fees and expenses incurred in connection with the acquisition of Swivel Secure and the AJB Capital loan, bad debt expense related to a reserve on a note receivable, and an increase in the allowance for doubtful accounts of 360,000. 

Research, development and engineering 

2022 - 2021 

2022 

2021 

Chg 

Chg 

3,252,236 

2,355,056 

897,180 

38 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, research, development and engineering costs were 3,252,236 representing a 38 increase over 2021. Included in the increase were personnel costs associated with retaining outside services related to the development of our MobileAuth application, and wages and benefits for new engineering employees. 

Reversal of earnout payable Swivel acquisition 

2022 - 2021 

2022 

2021 

Chg 

Chg 

(500,000 

- 

(500,000 

100 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized income on the elimination of the earnout payable on the acquisition of Swivel Secure as the certain requirements for the payout were not achieved. 

Impairment of goodwill 

2022 - 2021 

2022 

2021 

Chg 

Chg 

2,387,193 

- 

2, 387,193 

100 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized an impairment of our goodwill balances due to the decrease in market value of our common stock compared to the carrying value of our net assets. 

Other income (expense) 

2022-2021 

2022 

2021 

Chg 

Chg 

Interest income 

233 

4,075 

(3,842 

-94 

Foreign currency loss 

- 

(50,000 

50,000 

100 

Investment-debt security reserve 

(452,821 

(60,000 

(392,821 

-655 

Loan transaction costs 

(1,147,456 

- 

(1,147,456 

-100 

Change in fair value of convertible note 

(396,203 

- 

(396,203 

-100 

Interest expense 

(10,462 

(18,000 

7,538 

42 

(2,006,709 

(123,925 

(1,882,784 

-1519 

The amounts for other income (expense) for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of interest income of 233, a write-off of the investment-debt security as the Company received the proceeds and the bond issuer defaulted on repayment, loan transactions costs expensed for the convertible note payable as the Company elected to value the convertible note payable under the fair value option, the change in the fair value of the convertible note payable, and interest expense of 10,462 on the convertible note payable and the government loan through the BBVA bank. The amounts for the year ended December 31, 2021, related to a loss on a reserve on the investment in the debt security due to a delay in receiving the funds, interest expense from the amortization of debt discounts, and a foreign currency adjustment to an accounts receivable invoice, offset by interest income. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Operating activities overview 

Net cash used for operations during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 6,229,034. Items of note included: 

Net positive cash flows related to non-cash expenses of approximately 5,980,000. 

Net negative cash flows related to changes in accounts receivable, prepayments, accruals, lease liabilities, and deferred revenue in the aggregate amount of approximately 299,000 and our net loss for the period. 

Investing activities overview 

Net cash used in investing activities during the year December 21, 2022 was 696,618. This consisted of approximately 82,000 of capital expenditures, 9,000 of receipts from a note receivable and 624,000 (net of cash acquired and currency adjustment) to fund the cash portion of the purchase price for Swivel Secure. 

22

Financing activities overview 

Net cash from financing activities was 1,903,240 during the year ended December 31, 2022 consisting of proceeds of 2,002,000 from the issuance of a convertible note, costs paid to acquire the convertible note of 155,140 and proceeds of 56,380 from sales of common stock under the employee stock purchase plan. 

Sources of Liquidity 

Since our inception, our capital needs have been principally met through proceeds from the sale of equity and debt securities. We expect capital expenditures to be less than 100,000 during the next twelve months. 

The following sets forth our primary sources of capital during the previous two years: 

In December 2022, we entered into and closed a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with AJB Capital Investments, LLC under which we issued a 2,200,000 principal amount senior secured promissory note (the Note ). The principal amount of the Note is due six months following the date of issuance, subject to one six-month extension. Interest under the Note accrues at a rate of 10 per annum, payable monthly through month six. In the event the maturity date of the Note is extended, interest will accrue at the rate of 12 per annum in months seven through twelve, payable monthly. The Note is secured by a lien on substantially all of the Company s assets and properties can be prepaid in whole or in part without penalty at any time. 

In March 2022, in connection with the acquisition of Swivel Secure, we assumed a 500,000 government loan that was issued through BBVA Bank during the COVID-19 pandemic. The loan bears interest at the rate of 1.75 per annum and is payable in monthly installments of approximately 11,900 inclusive of interest from May 2022 through maturity in April 2026. Upon closing of the acquisition, Swivel Secure had cash equal to the outstanding balance. 

We entered into an accounts receivable factoring arrangement with a financial institution (the Factor which has been extended to October 31, 2023 and may be discontinued at that time. Pursuant to the terms of the arrangement, from time to time, we sell to the Factor a minimum of 150,000 per quarter of certain of our accounts receivable balances on a non-recourse basis for credit approved accounts. The Factor remits 35 of the foreign and 75 of the domestic accounts receivable balance to us (the Advance Amount ), with the remaining balance, less fees, forwarded to us once the Factor collects the full accounts receivable balance from the customer. In addition, from time to time, we receive over advances from the Factor. Factoring fees range from 2.75 to 15 of the face value of the invoice factored and are determined by the number of days required for collection of the invoice. We expect to continue to use this factoring arrangement periodically to assist with our general working capital requirements due to contractual requirements. 

Liquidity Outlook 

At December 31, 2022, our total cash and cash equivalents were approximately 2,600,000, as compared to 7,800,000 at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, we had working capital of approximately 3,529,000. 

As discussed above, we have historically financed our operations through access to the capital markets by issuing secured and convertible debt securities, convertible preferred stock, common stock, and through factoring receivables. We currently require approximately 798,000 per month to conduct our operations, a monthly amount that we have been unable to consistently achieve through revenue generation. During 2022, we generated approximately 7,020,000 of revenue, which did not generate enough cash to fully fund our average monthly cash requirements. We expect that Swivel Secure Europe will continue to generate positive cash flow in 2023. We also have approximately 3.8 million of inventory purchased for projects in Nigeria. We are looking into other markets and opportunities to sell or return the product to generate additional cash. 

If we are unable to generate sufficient revenue to fund current operations and execute our business plan, we may need to obtain additional third-party financing. Our secured note is due on June 22, 2023 which we expect to extend for an additional six months. Unless we generate sufficient positive cash flow from operations or liquidation of existing inventory, we expect that we will need to obtain additional financing during the next twelve months to be used in part to repay our outstanding secured note. 

Our long-term viability and growth will depend upon the successful commercialization of our technologies and our ability to obtain adequate financing. To the extent that we require such additional financing, no assurance can be given that any form of additional financing will be available on terms acceptable to us, that adequate financing will be obtained to meet our needs, or that such financing would not be dilutive to existing stockholders. If available financing is insufficient or unavailable or we fail to continue to generate sufficient revenue, we may be required to further reduce operating expenses, delay the expansion of operations, be unable to pursue merger or acquisition candidates, or in the extreme case, not continue as a going concern. 

23

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our actual results may differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. There have been no material changes to these estimates for the periods presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note A of the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following accounting policies involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, these are the policies we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations, as listed below: 

1. Business Combinations We allocate the purchase price of an acquired business to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. Any excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Acquired customer relationships, proprietary software, and trade names are recognized at fair value. The purchase price allocation process requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date with respect to intangible assets. Direct transaction costs associated with the business combination are expensed as incurred. The allocation of the consideration transferred in certain cases may be subject to revision based on the final determination of fair values during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date. We include the results of operations of the business that we have acquired in our consolidated results prospectively from the date of acquisition. 

2. Impairment of Goodwill Goodwill is not amortized, but is evaluated for impairment annually, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The Company has determined that there is a single reporting unit for the purpose of conducting this goodwill impairment assessment. For purposes of assessing potential impairment, the Company estimates the fair value of the reporting unit based on the Company s market capitalization and compares this amount to the carrying value of the reporting unit. If the Company determines that the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge would be required. The effect of any impairment would be reflected in operating income in the consolidated statement of operations. The annual goodwill impairment test is performed as of December 31st of each year. 

3. Income Taxes We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, based on the income tax laws and rates in the jurisdictions in which operations are conducted and income is earned. This approach requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using expected rates in effect for the tax year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Developing the provision for income taxes requires significant judgment including the determination of deferred tax assets and liabilities and, if necessary, any valuation allowances that may be required for deferred tax assets. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance in the current and prior years to reduce net deferred tax assets to zero. If we were to subsequently determine that we would be able to realize deferred tax assets in the future in excess of its net recorded amount, an adjustment to deferred tax assets would increase net income for the period in which such determination was made. We will continue to assess the adequacy of the valuation allowance on a quarterly basis. Our judgments and tax strategies are subject to audit by various taxing authorities. 

4. Fair Value of Convertible Note Payable We elected the fair value option to account for the convertible note payable. The fair value option provides an election that allows a company to irrevocably elect to record certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value on an instrument-by-instrument basis at initial recognition. We elected the fair value option to better depict the ultimate liability associated with the note, including all features and embedded derivatives. The note accounted for under the fair value option election represents the debt host financial instrument containing certain embedded features that would otherwise be required to be bifurcated from the debt host and recognized as separate derivative liabilities subject to initial and subsequent periodic fair value measurement in accordance with U.S. GAAP. When the fair value option election is applied to financial liabilities, bifurcation of embedded derivatives is not required, and the financial liability in totality is recorded at its issue-date estimated fair value and then subsequently remeasured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis as of each balance sheet date thereafter. We estimated the fair value of the note using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model with significant assumptions including the present value discount rate and the likelihood of default. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not Applicable. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

See financial statements appearing at pages 37-64 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

24

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective over the income tax provision in our financial statements. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, the risk. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, we have conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based upon the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022 as a result of certain material weaknesses discovered during the course of their review. 

In particular, in connection with the audit of our financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, our management identified a material weakness relating to the effectiveness of management s review and controls over the income tax provision in our financial footnotes, such that management s review procedures were not operating at a level of precision to prevent or detect a potential material misstatement in our consolidated financial statements. We have also identified a lack of control over our foreign subsidiaries with respect to the filing of required tax returns on a timely basis. 

We are currently assessing the actions that need to be taken to remedy each of the material weaknesses identified above which will include promptly establishing written controls and operating procedures to address these issues. 

Each of the material weaknesses noted will only be deemed to have been remediated after the new controls and procedures have been in place for a sufficient period and management has concluded through appropriate testing that the controls are operating effectively. However, we cannot assure you that these or other measures will fully remediate the material weaknesses in a timely manner. 

As we are a smaller reporting company, this annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

No change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not Applicable. 

25

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following sets forth certain information about each director and executive officer of the Company. 

NAME 

AGE 

POSITIONS HELD 

Michael W. DePasquale 

68 

Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer 

Thomas E. Bush, III (a) (c) 

70 

Director 

Robert J. Michel (a) (b) 

66 

Director 

Wong Kwok Fong (Kelvin) 

59 

Director and Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Emmanuel Alia (Manny) (b) (c) 

58 

Director 

Cecilia C. Welch 

63 

Chief Financial Officer 

Mira K. LaCous 

62 

Chief Technology Officer 

James D. Sullivan 

55 

Vice President of Strategy and Compliance, Chief Legal Officer 

(a) 

Compensation Committee Member 

(b) 

Audit Committee Member 

(c) 

Nominating Committee Member 

(d) 

Mr. Gilley resigned from the Board of Directors effective February 9, 2023 

Indicates chair of committee 

Set forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our directors and executive officers for the past five years. 

Directors 

Michael W. DePasquale has served as our Chief Executive Officer and a Director since January 3, 2003, and Chairman of the Board since January 29, 2014. He served as Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company from July 2005 to August 2006. Mr. DePasquale brings more than 30 years of executive management, sales and marketing experience to the Company. Mr. DePasquale has held executive management positions with McGraw-Hill, Digital Equipment Corporation, and other companies in the software and professional services industries. Mr. DePasquale earned a Bachelor of Science degree from the New Jersey Institute of Technology. He serves as the Vice Chairman on the Board of Directors of the International Biometrics and Identification Industry Association. We believe Mr. DePasquale s qualifications to sit on the board of directors include his extensive executive management experience in the technology sector and biometric industry expertise which strengthen the board s collective qualifications, skills and experience. 

Thomas E. Bush, III has served as a Director of the Company since January 29, 2014. Since 2009, Mr. Bush has provided business consulting services through his firm, Tom Bush Consulting. Prior to that, Mr. Bush served with the Federal Bureau of Investigation for over 33 years. Mr. Bush joined the FBI in September 1975, ultimately becoming the Director of the CJIS division, with over 2,500 employees and a budget of approximately one billion dollars. During this time, Mr. Bush provided critical services in support of the criminal justice community, including two significant IT projects, Next Generation Identification and N-Dex, which were awarded by CJIS during his tenure at the FBI. Mr. Bush has received many awards during his career, most notably a Presidential Rank Award for Meritorious Service in 2007. We believe Mr. Bush s qualifications to sit on the board of directors include his extensive experience in law enforcement, security matters, and the use of biometric technologies in the government sector, which provide the board with a unique perspective on security and public sector matters. 

26

Robert J. Michel has served as a Director of the Company since April 10, 2017. He has over 30 years of accounting and financial management experience. Since September, 2018, he has served as the Chief Financial Officer of Daxor Corporation (Nasdaq: DXR), a medical device manufacturing company specializing in blood volume analysis. Prior to Daxor, from November, 2017 until September 2018, Mr. Michel served as the CFO of Roadway Moving, Inc., a transportation, moving and storage company located in New York City. Mr. Michel spent 15 years at Asta Funding, Inc. (Nasdaq: ASFI), a diversified financial services company, including serving as its Chief Financial Officer from 2009 until 2017 where he was responsible for all financial matters and SEC reporting. Mr. Michel is a certified public accountant, earned an MBA in Taxation from St. John s University, and a BS in Business Administration from Villanova University. We believe Mr. Michel s qualifications to sit on the board of directors include his substantial experience in accounting and financial management for public companies which provide the board with a deep knowledge of financial and SEC reporting and strengthen the board s collective qualifications, skills, and experience. 

Wong Kwok Fong (Kelvin) has served as a Director of the Company since December 4, 2015, as Managing Director of our Hong Kong Subsidiary since August 2016, and as Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors since March 2019. He is the co-founder of China Goldjoy Group (previously World Wide Touch Technology Holdings Limited), a company listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong. From 1997 until August, 2015, Mr. Wong served as the Chairman of China Goldjoy Group and served as its Chief Technology Officer through October 2016. During this time, Kelvin played a significant role in the substantial growth of the business. Kelvin brings over 25 years of senior management experience in manufacturing, supply chain, and marketing functions in the electronics and technology industries, including establishing manufacturing plants in Hong Kong and China, and building an extensive network in the electronics and technology industries. We believe Kelvin s qualifications to sit on the board of directors include his substantial experience in the technology industry, including biometrics and payment systems, and serving the Asian markets, which broaden and strengthen the board s collective qualifications, skills, and experience. 

Emmanuel Alia (Manny) was appointed Director of the Company on April 3, 2020. Since 2018, Mr. Alia has been providing management consulting services as an advisor to businesses seeking market entry strategies to emerging markets such as Africa and the Caribbean. From 2011 to 2018, Mr. Alia served as an Executive Director at the Corporate and Investment division of JPMorgan, and as a Senior Vice-President at CHASE Bank s Consumer and Community Banking specializing in the financial and banking services industry and opportunities in Africa. During Mr. Alia s tenure with JPMorgan, he served as head of WholeSale Operations in the Receivables Operations of the Global banking operations in the US and Canada, head of Retail Banking in the Greater Detroit area, and head of branches in the New York and New Jersey areas. For two years Mr. Alia was co-chair of the Black Organizational Leadership Development, an employee networking group in JPMorgan that works with firm s leadership to strengthen the firm s message, strategies and community outreach globally. Mr. Alia received a Bachelor of Arts in Accounting from SouthEastern University and a Master s of Business Administration (MBA) from Cornell University. We believe Mr. Alia s qualifications to sit on the board of directors include his extensive industry experience and connection and networking abilities in the African communities and markets which further broaden and strengthen the board s collective qualifications, skills, and experience. 

Executive Officers 

Cecilia C. Welch has served as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company since December 21, 2009. Ms. Welch joined the Company in 2007 as Corporate Controller. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Welch has held senior financial management positions in various industries, including software and manufacturing. Ms. Welch has a Bachelor s degree in Accounting from Franklin Pierce University. 

Mira K. LaCous has served as Chief Technology Officer of the Company since March 13, 2014, as Senior Vice President of Technology Development since 2012, and as our Vice President of Technology and Development since 2000. Ms. LaCous has over 39 years of product/project management, solution architecture, software development, team leadership and customer relations experience, with a background that includes successfully bringing numerous innovative products and technologies to market, including automated voice response systems, automated building control systems, software piracy protection, internet training materials and testing, WYSIWYG page layout and design software, image scanning / recognition software and systems, biometric security systems and algorithms, automated national ID systems using biometrics, and mobile applications with secure frameworks. Ms. LaCous has been a speaker at multiple events/conferences and has worked with teams around the globe bringing biometric technology deployments to life. Ms. LaCous is the author of eight (8) US patented technologies, multiple international patents and lead the engineering team in developing other patents and inventive technologies. Ms. LaCous earned a Bachelor s in Computer Science, with mathematics and physics from North Dakota State University. 

27

James D. Sullivan has served as BIO-key s Senior Vice President of Strategy and Compliance and BIO-key s Chief Legal Officer since February 2020, as Senior Vice President of Strategy and Business Development from April 2012 through December 2018, and the dual role as Senior Vice President of Global Sales from August 2015 through December of 2016. Mr. Sullivan is a recognized expert in privacy, cybersecurity, and biometric authentication for workforce and consumer applications. During his twenty years with the Company, Mr. Sullivan has directly worked with dozens of the Company s customers, including AT T, Israel Defense Forces, LexisNexis, NCR and Omnicell, as well as large-scale biometric-centered identity management projects that interface daily with millions of corporate and consumer users. Mr. Sullivan earned a Juris Doctor with Honors from Georgia State University College of Law, is a member of the Georgia Bar, and enrolled to practice before the IRS. Mr. Sullivan has an undergraduate degree in Computer Science from Brown University and has over 26 years of experience in IT projects and implementation, including directly working with security and identity management solutions at the Company, Computer Associates, Platinum Technology, and Memco Software. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Audit Committe e 

Our audit committee was comprised of Robert J. Michel (Chair), Pieter Knook, and Emmanuel Alia until May 13, 2023, when Pieter Knook resigned from the Board of Directors. Robert J. Michel and Emmanuel Alia both meet the independence standards for purposes of serving on an audit committee established by NASDAQ and under the Exchange Act. Our audit committee (i) assists the board of directors in its oversight of the integrity of our financial statements, compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and corporate policies and controls, (ii) has the sole authority to retain and terminate our independent registered public accounting firm, approve all auditing services and related fees and the terms thereof, and pre-approve any non-audit services to be rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm, and (iii) is responsible for confirming the independence and objectivity of our independent registered public accounting firm. Our independent registered public accounting firm has unrestricted access to our audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that Robert J. Michel qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined in Item 407 of Regulation S-K. 

Our audit committee operates under a written charter that is reviewed annually. The charter is available on our website at www.bio-key.com . 

Compensation Committee 

Our compensation committee is comprised of Thomas Bush, III (Chair) and Robert Michel, both of whom meet the independence standards established by NASDAQ and under the Exchange Act. The compensation committee s duties include overseeing our overall compensation philosophy, policies and programs. This includes reviewing and analyzing the design and function of our various compensation components, establishing salaries, incentives and other forms of compensation for officers and non-employee directors, and administering our equity incentive plan. In fulfilling its responsibilities, the compensation committee has the authority to delegate any or all of its responsibilities to a subcommittee of the compensation committee. 

Our compensation committee operates under a written charter that is reviewed annually. The charter is available on our website at www.bio-key.com . 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions. Our Code of Ethics is designed to deter wrongdoing and promote: (i) honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; (ii) full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that we file with, or submit to, the SEC and in our other public communications; (iii) compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules, and regulations; (iv) the prompt internal reporting of violations of the code to an appropriate person or persons identified in the code; and (v) accountability for adherence to the code. We intend to disclose amendments or waivers of the Code of Ethics on our website within four business days. Any person may obtain a copy of our Code of Ethics free of charge by sending a written request for such to the attention of the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, 3349 Highway 138, Building A Suite E, Wall, NJ 07719. 

28

Term of Office 

Our directors are elected at the annual meeting of stockholders and hold office until the annual meeting of the stockholders next succeeding his or her election, or until his or her prior death, resignation or removal in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by the Board and hold office until the annual meeting of the Board next succeeding his or her election, and until his or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, subject to earlier termination by his or her death, resignation or removal. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Reports of all transactions in our common stock by officers, directors and ten percent (10 stockholders are required to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. Based solely on our review of copies of the reports received, or representations of such reporting persons, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and ten percent (10 stockholders were satisfied in a timely fashion, except for four late Form 4 filings including one late Form 4 filing by Mr. Michel for payment for a BOD committee meeting, and one each for Mr. Sullivan, Mr. DePasquale and Ms. LaCous reporting shares acquired under the BIO-key International, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table sets forth a summary of the compensation paid to or accrued by our chief executive officer and the two most highly compensated executive officers other than our chief executive officer, for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Principal 

			 Position 

Year 

Salary 

			 ) 

Stock 

			 Awards 

			 ) (1) 

All Other 

			 Compensation 

			 ) (2) 

Total 

			 ) 

Michael W. DePasquale 

2022 

295,833 

75,250 

997 

372,080 

Chief Executive Officer 

2021 

275,000 

- 

1,944 

276,944 

Mira K. LaCous 

2022 

223,000 

16,125 

1,301 

240,426 

Chief Technology Officer 

2021 

216,333 

- 

3,092 

219,425 

James D. Sullivan 

2022 

233,333 

64,500 

134,157 

(3) 

431,990 

Chief Legal Officer 

2021 

225,000 

- 

10,241 

(4) 

235,241 

(1) 

The aggregate grant date fair value of the restricted shares is calculated by the multiplying the quantity of shares issued by the closing trading price of the shares on the date of issuance calculated under FASB ASC 718. 

(2) 

Consists of life insurance premiums paid by the Company except as otherwise noted. 

(3) 

Consists of 132,826 of sales commissions and 1,331 of life insurance premiums paid by the Company. 

(4) 
			 
			 Consists of 8,987 of sales commissions and 1,254 of life insurance premiums paid by the Company. 

Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

Compensation for our executives is comprised of three main components: base salary, annual performance-based cash bonus, and long-term equity awards. We do not target a specific weighting of these three components or use a prescribed formula to establish pay levels. Rather, the board of directors and compensation committee considers changes in the business, external market factors and our financial position each year when determining pay levels and allocating between long-term and current compensation for the named executive officers. 

Cash compensation is comprised of base salary and an annual performance-based cash bonus opportunity. The compensation committee generally seeks to set a named executive officer s targeted total cash compensation opportunity within a range that is the average of the applicable peer company and/or general industry compensation survey data, adjusted as appropriate for individual performance and internal pay equity and labor market conditions. 

In setting cash compensation levels, we favor a balance in which base salaries are generally targeted at slightly below the peer average and a bonus opportunity that is targeted at slightly above the average. The base salary of our CEO has not been increased since 2018. Effective January 1, 2021, we increased the base salary of Mr. Sullivan to 225,000 to compensate for the fact that in connection with his promotion to Chief Legal Officer, he would be limited to sales commissions on only three of his existing long term accounts. Effective January 1, 2022, we increased the base compensation of Mr. Sullivan and Ms. LaCous. 

Performance-based bonuses have historically been based upon the achievement of certain revenue milestones established by the compensation committee. The committee believes that this higher emphasis on performance-based cash bonuses places an appropriate linkage between a named executive officer s pay, his or her individual performance, and the achievement of specific business goals by placing a higher proportion of annual cash compensation at risk, thereby aligning executive opportunity with the interests of stockholders. 

29

We also include an equity component as part of our compensation package because we believe that equity-based compensation aligns the long-term interests of our named executive officers with those of stockholders. We did not issue any stock options or restricted stock awards to our named executive officers during 2021. In 2022, we issued restricted stock awards to each of our named executive officers in recognition of the revenue growth of the Company in 2021 and successful integration of Portal Guard. 

These cash and equity compensation components of pay are supplemented by various benefit plans that provide health, life, accident, disability and severance benefits, most of which are the same as the benefits provided to all of our US based employees. 

Employment Agreements 

On March 26, 2010, we entered into an employment agreement, effective as of March 25, 2010, with Michael W. DePasquale to serve as our Chief Executive Officer until March 24, 2011. The agreement automatically renews for subsequent one-year terms, unless the employment relationship is terminated by either party, or modified in accordance with the terms and conditions of the agreement. Since 2018, Mr. DePasquale s annual base salary has been 275,000, subject to adjustment by the compensation committee. In addition to the base salary, a Performance Bonus may be awarded to Mr. DePasquale on the basis of the Company achieving certain corporate and strategic performance goals, as determined by the compensation committee in its sole discretion. The employment agreement contains standard and customary confidentiality, non-solicitation and work made for hire provisions as well as a covenant not to compete which prohibits Mr. DePasquale from doing business with any current or prospective customer of the Company or engaging in a business competitive with that of the Company during the term of his employment and for the one-year period thereafter. This agreement also contains a number of termination and change in control provisions as described under the captions Termination Arrangements and Change in Control Arrangements below. 

On April 5, 2017, we entered into an employment agreement with James Sullivan. The agreement automatically renews for subsequent one-year terms, unless terminated by the Company upon at least two months prior written notice which is treated as termination without cause. Since 2021, Mr. Sullivan s annual base salary has been 225,000, subject to adjustment by the compensation committee. The agreement contains standard and customary confidentiality, technical invention provisions as well as non-competition and non-solicitation covenants which prohibit Mr. Sullivan from doing business with any current or prospective customer of the Company or engaging in any business competitive with that of the Company during the term or his employment and for the one-year period thereafter. The agreement also contains a number of termination provisions as described under the caption Termination Agreements below. 

On November 20, 2001, we entered into an employment agreement with Mira LaCous. The agreement automatically renews for subsequent one-year terms, unless terminated by the Company upon at least one-month prior written notice which is treated as termination without cause and provides for a discretionary bonus which shall not exceed 50 of base salary. The agreement contains standard and customary confidentiality, technical invention provisions as well as non-competition and non-solicitation covenants which prohibit Ms. LaCous from doing business with any current or prospective customer of the Company or engaging in any business competitive with that of the Company during the term or her employment and for the one-year period thereafter. The agreement also contains a number of termination provisions as described under the caption Termination Agreements below. 

Stock Option Grants and Restricted Stock Awards 

In the event of any change in the outstanding shares of our common stock by reason of a stock dividend, stock split, combination of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, transfer of assets, reorganization, conversion or what the board deems to be similar circumstances, the number and kind of shares subject to outstanding options and restricted stock awards, and the exercise price of such options shall be appropriately adjusted. Restricted Furthermore, option agreements and restricted stock award agreements contain change of control provisions as described under the caption Change in Control Provisions below. 

30

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR END 

The following table sets forth for each named executive officer, information regarding outstanding equity awards as at December 31, 2022. 

Option Awards 

Stock Awards 

Name 

Number of 

			 securities 

			 underlying 

			 unexercised 

			 options 

			 exercisable 

			 (#) 

Option 

			 exercise 

			 price 

			 ) 

Option 

			 expiration 

			 date 

Number of 

			 shares or 

			 units 

			 of stock that 

			 have not 

			 vested 

			 (#) 

Market value 

			 of 

			 shares of 

			 units of 

			 stock that 

			 have not 

			 vested 

			 )(1) 

Michael W. DePasquale 

31,250 

21.20 

3/16/2024 

36,375 

21,461 

4,167 

15.68 

3/23/2025 

4,167 

9.44 

3/21/2026 

Mira K. LaCous 

12,500 

21.20 

3/16/2024 

8,875 

5,236 

1,563 

15.68 

3/23/2025 

1,563 

9.44 

3/21/2026 

James D. Sullivan 

12,500 

21.20 

3/16/2024 

31,375 

18,511 

3,125 

15.68 

3/23/2025 

3,125 

9.44 

3/21/2026 

(1) 

Calculated based on the closing market price of the Company s common stock on December 31, 2022 of 0.59 per share. 

Narrative Disclosure to Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End Table 

The following are the material terms of each agreement, contract, plan or arrangement that provide for payments to one or more of our named executive officers at, following or pursuant to their resignation, retirement or termination, or in connection with a change in control of the Company. 

Termination Arrangements 

We may terminate our employment agreement with Mr. DePasquale at any time with or without cause. In the event of termination by us without cause, we will continue to pay Mr. DePasquale his then current base salary for the greater of nine months from the date of such termination or the number of months remaining until the end of the term of the agreement. 

We may terminate our employment agreement with Mr. Sullivan at any time with or without cause. In the event of termination by us without cause, we will continue to pay Mr. Sullivan his then current base salary, plus earned commissions, for the greater of six months from the date of such termination or the number of months remaining until the end of the term of the agreement. 

We may terminate our employment agreement with Ms. LaCous at any time with or without cause. In the event of termination by us without cause, we will continue to pay Ms. LaCous her then current base salary for nine months from the date of such termination. 

Change in Control Provisions 

Our 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan provides for the acceleration of vesting of unvested options and termination of any restriction or forfeiture provisions applicable to restricted stock awards upon a Change in Control of the Company. A Change in Control is defined in the Plans to include (i) a sale or transfer of substantially all of the Company s assets; (ii) the dissolution or liquidation of the Company; (iii) a merger or consolidation to which the Company is a party and after which the prior stockholders of the Company hold less than 50 of the combined voting power of the surviving corporation s outstanding securities; (iv) the incumbent directors cease to constitute at least a majority of the Board of Directors; or (v) a change in control of the Company which would otherwise be reportable under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. In the event of a Change In Control the Plan provides for the immediate vesting of all options issued thereunder and termination of all forfeiture provisions applicable to restricted stock award issued thereunder. Options issued to executive officers outside of the Plans contain change in control provisions substantially similar to those contained in the Plans. 

Our employment agreement with Mr. DePasquale contains a change in control provision that is triggered if Mr. DePasquale is not offered continued employment with us or any successor, or within five years following such Change of Control, we or any successor terminate Mr. DePasquale s employment without cause. If this occurs, then we will pay Mr. DePasquale his base salary and benefits earned but unpaid through the date of termination, and any prorated bonus earned during the then current bonus year, plus two times his then current base salary. 

31

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

The following table sets forth for each director, information regarding their compensation for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Name (1) 

Stock Awards 

			 ) (2) 

Total 

			 ) 

Thomas E. Bush, III (3) 

14,007 

14,007 

Thomas Gilley (3)(4) 

14,007 

14,007 

Pieter Knook (3)(5) 

16,008 

16,008 

Robert J. Michel (3) 

16,008 

16,008 

Emmanuel Alia (6) 

16,008 

16,008 

(1) 

Mr. DePasquale and Kelvin Wong have been omitted from the above table because they do not receive any additional compensation for serving on our Board of Directors. 

(2) 

The aggregate fair value of the common stock issued was calculated based on the closing price of our common stock on the date of issuance in accordance with FASB ASC 718. 

(3) 

At December 31, 2022, Messrs. Bush, Gilley, Knook and Michel each held options to purchase 2,064 shares of common stock and each held 5,000 shares restricted common stock. 

(4) 

Mr. Gilley resigned from the Board of Directors on February 9, 2023. 

(5) 
			 Mr. Knook resigned from the Board of Directors effective May 13, 2023. 

(6) 
			 At December 31, 2022, Mr. Alia held options to purchase 313 shares of common stock and held 5,000 shares restricted common stock. 

Narrative Disclosure to Director Compensation Table 

During 2022, we had a policy to pay each non-employee director 3,000 per board meeting, 1,000 per telephonic board meeting, and 1,000 per board committee meeting attended. Fees for attendance at regular quarterly board meetings held during the first three quarters of each fiscal year are paid through the issuance of common stock and payments for the last meeting of the year are paid in cash or, at the option of the director, in shares of common stock. All of our directors elected to receive payment in common stock for the last board meeting in 2022. All directors will be indemnified by us for actions associated with being a director to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law. We reimburse each of our non-employee directors for their reasonable expenses incurred in connection with attending meetings of the board of directors and related committees. 

32

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth, as of May 30, 2023 information with respect to the securities holdings of all persons that we, pursuant to filings with the SEC and our stock transfer records, have reason to believe may be deemed the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock. The following table also sets forth, as of such date, the beneficial ownership of our common stock by all of our current executive officers and directors, both individually and as a group. 

The beneficial owners and amount of securities beneficially owned have been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as awarded, and, in accordance therewith, include all shares of our common stock that may be acquired by such beneficial owners within 60 days of May 30, 2023 upon the exercise or conversion of any options, warrants or other convertible securities. This table has been prepared based on 9,234,833 shares of common stock outstanding on May 30, 2023. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 

Amount and Nature 

			 of Beneficial 

			 Ownership 

Percentage 

			 of 

			 Class 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Michael W. DePasquale 

128,227 
			 (2) 

1.4 

Cecilia C. Welch 

69,375 
			 (3) 

Mira K. LaCous 

40,001 
			 (4) 

James D. Sullivan 

110,500 
			 (5) 

1.2 

Robert J. Michel 

32,760 
			 (6) 

Thomas E. Bush, III 

29,869 
			 (7) 

Emmanuel Alia 

27,360 
			 (8) 

Wong Kwok Fong (Kelvin) 

589,464 
			 (9) 

6.4 

All officers and directors as a group (eight (8) persons) 

1,047,472 

11.3 

Beneficial Owners 

Lind Global Micro Fund, LP 

833,125 
			 (10) 

9.0 

AJB Capital Investments LLC 

900,000 
			 (11) 

9.7 

Less than 1 

(1) 

Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each person listed below is c/o BIO-key International, Inc., 3349 Highway 138, Building A, Suite E, Wall, NJ 07719. 

(2) 

Includes 39,584 shares issuable on exercise of options and 39,125 shares of restricted stock of which 24,709 remain subject to vesting. 

(3) 

Includes 22,500 of shares issuable upon exercise of options and 34,125 shares of restricted stock of which 21.375 remain subject to vesting. 

(4) 

Includes 15,626 of shares issuable upon exercise of options and 11,625 shares of restricted stock of which 6,375 remain subject to vesting. 

(5) 

Includes 18,750 of shares issuable on exercise of options and 34,125 shares of restricted stock of which 21,375 remain subject to vesting. 

(6) 

Includes 1,960 of shares issuable on exercise of options and 5,000 shares of restricted stock of which 3,334 remain subject to vesting. Does not include 104 shares issuable upon exercise of options subject to vesting. 

(7) 

Includes 1,960 of shares issuable on exercise of options and 5,000 shares of restricted stock of which 3,334 remain subject to vesting. Does not include 104 shares issuable upon exercise of options subject to vesting. 

(8) 

Includes 209 of shares issuable on exercise of options and 5,000 shares of restricted stock of which 3,334 remain subject to vesting. Does not include 104 shares issuable upon exercise of options subject to vesting. 

(9) 

Includes 27,084 of shares issuable on exercise of options and 9,125 shares of restricted stock of which 4,709 remain subject to vesting. The address of Kelvin is Flat C, 27/F, Block 5, Grand Pacific Views, Siu Lam, Hong Kong N7. 

(10) 

Consists of shares issuable upon exercise of warrants. The address of Lind Global Capital Micro Fund, LP is 444 Madison Ave, Floor 41, New York, NY 10022 

(11) 

Includes 200,000 shares issuable upon exercise of warrants. The address of AJB Capital Investments LLC is 4700 Sheridan Street, Suite J, Hollywood, FL 33021. 

33

EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 

The following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2022, information with respect to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans. 

On January 27, 2016, the stockholders approved the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, which was amended on June 13, 2019 by vote of stockholders, and amended and restated by vote of stockholders on June 18, 2021 (as amended and restated, the 2015 Plan ). The 2015 Plan reserves 789,000 shares of common stock for issuance of options, restricted stock, and other equity based awards to employees, officers, directors, and consultants of the Company. Options are issued at exercise prices which may not be below 100-110 of fair market value and have terms not to exceed ten years. Options issued under the 2015 Plan vest pursuant to the terms of stock option agreements with the recipients. In the event of a change in control, certain stock awards issued under this plan may be subject to additional acceleration of vesting as may be provided in the participants written agreement. The 2015 Plan expires in December 2025. 

In addition to options issued under the 2015 Plan, we have issued options to purchase common stock to employees, officers, directors and consultants outside of the plan. The terms of these outstanding options are substantially similar to the provisions of the 2015 Plan and options issued thereunder. In the event of change in control, as defined, certain of the non-plan options outstanding vest immediately. 

On June 18, 2021, the stockholders approved the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ). Under the terms of this plan, 789,000 shares of common stock are reserved for issuance and sale to employees and officers of the Company at a purchase price equal to 85 of the lower of the closing price of our common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the first day or the last day of the offering period. Eligible employees are granted an option to purchase shares of common stock funded by payroll deductions. The Board may suspend or terminate the plan at any time, otherwise the plan expires June 17, 2031. 

Plan Category 

Number of 

			 securities to be 

			 issued 

			 upon exercise 

			 of outstanding 

			 options, 

			 warrants and 

			 rights 

			 (a) 

Weighted- 

			 average 

			 exercise price 

			 of outstanding 

			 options, 

			 warrants and 

			 rights 

			 (b) 

Number 

			 of securities 

			 remaining 

			 available for 

			 future issuance 

			 under equity 

			 compensation 

			 plans 

			 (excluding 

			 securities 

			 reflected in 

			 column (a)) 

			 (c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

90,808 

(1)(2) 

10.79 

989,032 

(3) 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

112,188 

21.18 

Total 

202,996 

(1)(2) 

16.53 

989,032 

(3) 

(1) 

Consists of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 under the 2015 Plan. 

(2) 

Excludes employee stock purchase rights accruing under the ESPP. 

(3) 

Amount includes 280,065 shares of common stock available as of December 31, 2022 for future issuance under the 2015 Plan and 708,967 shares of common stock available as of December 31, 2022 for future issuance under the ESPP. 

34

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Standstill Agreement with Principal Stockholder 

Pursuant to separate securities purchase agreements dated October 29, 2015 and November 11, 2015 with Wong Kwok Fong (Kelvin), we issued and sold shares of series A-1 stock to Kelvin which were subsequently converted into shares of our common stock. The forgoing agreements contain a standstill provision (the Standstill which prohibits Kelvin either alone or together with any other person, from acquiring additional shares of our common stock or any of our assets, soliciting proxies, or seeking representation on our board of directors. Kelvin is the Co-Chairman of the board of directors and an executive officer. 

Director Independence 

As required under the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules, a majority of the members of a listed company s board of directors must qualify as independent, as affirmatively determined by the board of directors. Our board considered certain relationships between our directors and us when determining each director s status as an independent director under Rule 5605(a)(2) of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. Based upon such definition and SEC regulations, we have determined that Robert Michel, Emmanuel Alia, and Thomas Bush, III, are independent under NASDAQ standards. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The following table shows fees for professional services and quarterly audit fees billed to us by Marcum LLC for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, and reviews of our second and third quarters 2022 and Rotenberg Meril Solomon Bertiger Guttilla, P.C. RMSBG ), prior to RMSBG s merger with Marcum, for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021 and for the first quarter 2022: 

2022 

2021 

Audit Fees 

133,000 

123,900 

Audit-Related Fees 

27,913 

9,795 

Tax Fees 

17,000 

17,000 

Total Fees 

177,913 

150,695 

Audit Fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our financial statements and review of the interim financial statements included in quarterly reports and services that are normally provided by our auditors in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit-Related Fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and which are not reported under audit fees. These fees relate primarily to services provided in connection with registration of securities and review of documents filed with the SEC. 

Tax Fees consist of fees billed for professional services for tax compliance assistance rendered during the fiscal year. 

35

Audit Committee Pre-Approval Procedures 

The audit committee approves the engagement of our independent auditors to render audit and non-audit services before they are engaged. All of the fees for 2022 and 2021 shown above were pre-approved by the audit committee. 

The audit committee pre-approves all audit and other permitted non-audit services provided by our independent auditors. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year, is detailed as to the particular category of services and is subject to a monetary limit. Our independent auditors and senior management periodically report to the audit committee the extent of services provided by the independent auditors in accordance with the pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to date. The audit committee may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis. 

Our audit committee will not approve engagements of our independent registered public accounting firm to perform non-audit services for us if doing so will cause our independent registered public accounting firm to cease to be independent within the meaning of applicable SEC rules. In addition, our audit committee considers, among other things, whether our independent registered public accounting firm is able to provide the required services in a more or less effective and efficient manner than other available service providers. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report. Portions of Item 15 are submitted as separate sections of this Report: 

(1) Financial statements filed as part of this Report: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Marcum LLP, Saddle Brook, NJ, PCAOB ID:688 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Rotenberg Meril Solomon Bertiger Guttilla, P.C., Saddle Brook, NJ, PCAOB ID:361) 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Operations Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(b) The exhibits listed in the Exhibits Index immediately preceding such exhibits are filed as part of this Report 

36

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following financial statements of BIO-key International, Inc. are included herein at the indicated page numbers: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , PCAOB ID: 

38 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , PCAOB ID: 
			 39 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

40 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
			 
			 41 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

42 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

43 

Supplementary Disclosures of Cash Flow Information Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
			 
			 44 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2022 and 2021 

45 

37

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 BIO-key International, Inc. Wall, NJ 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of BIO-key International, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Revision to Correct Previously Issued Financial Statements 

 As discussed in Note S to the financial statements, the 2021 financial statements have been revised to correct certain previously issued disclosures related to the reconciliation of the Company s income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 and the components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities and valuation allowance as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. The financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2021, before the effects of the adjustments to correct the errors discussed in Note S to the financial statements, were audited by other auditors whose report, dated March 31, 2022, expressed an unqualified opinion on those statements. We have also audited the adjustments described in Note S that were applied to revise the 2021 financial statements to correct the errors. In our opinion, such adjustments are appropriate and have been properly applied. Except for the corrections to revise the tax footnote we were not engaged to audit, review, or apply any procedures to the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, other than stated above and, accordingly, we do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance on the 2021 financial statements taken as a whole. 

Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As disclosed in Note A of the financial statements, the Company has suffered substantial net losses and negative cash flows from operations in recent years and is dependent on debt and equity financing to fund its operations, all of which raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are disclosed in Note A. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010 (such date takes into account the acquisition of Rotenberg Meril Solomon Bertiger Guttilla, P.C., by Marcum LLP effective February 1, 2022). 

 Saddle Brook, New Jersey 

 June 1, 2023 

38

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 
BIO-key International, Inc. 
Wall, NJ 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited, before the effects of the adjustment for the correction of the errors described in Note S, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of BIO-key International, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We were not engaged to audit, review, or apply any procedures to the adjustments for the correction of the errors described in Note S, and accordingly, we do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance about whether such adjustments are appropriate and have been properly applied. Those adjustments were audited by Marcum LLP. 

Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ ROTENBERG MERIL SOLOMON BERTIGER GUTTILLA, P.C. 

ROTENBERG MERIL SOLOMON BERTIGER GUTTILLA, P.C. 

We have served as the Company's auditors from 2010 to 2022. 

Saddle Brook, New Jersey 
March 31, 2022 

39

BIO-key International, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Due from factor 

Note receivable, net of allowance 

Inventory, net of reserve 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Total current assets 

Resalable software license rights 

Investment debt security, net 

Equipment and leasehold improvements, net 

Capitalized contract costs, net 

Deposits and other assets 

Note receivable, net of allowance 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Total non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Convertible note payable 

Government loan BBVA Bank, current portion 

Deferred revenue - current 

Operating lease liabilities, current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred revenue, net of current portion 

Deferred tax liability 

Government loan BBVA Bank, net of current portion 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Total non-current liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments (Note O) 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common stock authorized, shares; issued and outstanding; and of .0001 par value at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

40

BIO-key International, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenues 

Services 

License fees 

Hardware 

Total revenues 

Costs and other expenses 

Cost of services 

Cost of license fees 

Cost of hardware 

Total costs and other expenses 

Gross Profit 

Operating expenses 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research, development and engineering 

Reversal of earnout payable Swivel acquisition 

Impairment of goodwill 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense) 

Interest income 

Loss on foreign currency transactions 

Investment-debt security reserve 

Loan transaction costs 

Change in fair value of convertible note 

Interest expense 

Total other income (expense) 

Loss before provision for income tax benefit 

Provision for income tax benefit 

Net loss 

Comprehensive loss: 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive loss- Foreign translation adjustment 

Comprehensive loss 

Basic and Diluted Loss per Common Share 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding: 

Basic and Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

41

BIO-key International, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common Stock 

Additional 

			 Paid-in 

Accumulated 
			Other 
			Comprehensive 

Accumulated 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Income (Loss) 

Deficit 

Total 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Issuance of common stock for directors fees 

Issuance of restricted common stock to employees 

Forfeiture of restricted stock 

Legal fees 

- 

Issuance of common stock for Employee stock purchase plan 

Share based compensation for employee stock purchase plan 

- 

Share-based compensation 

- 

Net loss 

- 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Issuance of common stock for directors fees 

Issuance of restricted common stock to employees 

Forfeiture of restricted stock 

Issuance of common stock pursuant to Swivel purchase agreement 

Issuance of common stock for note issuance fees 

Issuance of warrant in conjunction with note payable 

- 

Issuance of common stock for employee stock purchase plan 

Share based compensation for employee stock purchase plan 

- 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

- 

Share-based compensation 

- 

Net loss 

- 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

42

BIO-key International, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used for operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Impairment of goodwill 

Reversal of earnout payable Swivel acquisition 

Amortization of intangible assets and write-off 

Amortization of resalable software license rights 

Loan transaction costs 

Loss on foreign currency 

Reserve for investment security 

Reserve for inventory 

Reserve for note receivable 

Allowance for doubtful account 

Amortization of debt discount 

Amortization of capitalized contract costs 

Share based and warrant compensation for employees and consultants 

Stock based fees to directors 

Bad debt expense 

Change in fair value of convertible note 

Deferred income tax benefit 

Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Due from factor 

Capitalized contract costs 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Operating lease liabilities 

Net cash used for operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of Swivel Secure, net of cash acquired of 

Receipt of cash from note receivable 

Capital expenditures 

Net cash used for investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes 

Costs incurred for issuance of convertible note 

Proceeds from Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Repayment of note payable - PistolStar 

Legal fees 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes 

NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

43

SUPPLEMENTARY DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Taxes 

Interest 

Noncash investing and financing activities: 

Accounts receivable acquired from Swivel Secure 

Equipment acquired from Swivel Secure 

Other assets acquired from Swivel Secure 

Intangible assets acquired from Swivel Secure 

Goodwill resulting from the acquisition from Swivel Secure 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses acquired from Swivel Secure 

Government loan acquired from Swivel Secure 

Deferred tax liability from the acquisition of Swivel Secure 

Common stock issued for acquisition of Swivel Secure 

Common stock issued for acquisition of note payable 

Issuance of warrant for acquisition of note payable 

Operating lease right-of-use asset and liability for new lease 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

44

BIO-key International, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

A summary of the significant accounting policies consistently applied in the preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements follows: 

Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) as set forth in the Financial Accounting Standards Board s (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) and consider the various staff accounting bulletins and other applicable guidance issued by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions. The Company believes that the estimates, judgments and assumptions upon which it relies are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates, judgments and assumptions are made. These estimates, judgments and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Certain significant accounting policies that contain subjective management estimates and assumptions include those related to accounts receivable, inventory, intangible assets and goodwill, fair value of convertible note payable, and income taxes. 

and recognized on a ratable basis over the license term. 

and , respectively. 

Loss on foreign currency 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Accounts receivable, net of allowances for doubtful accounts 

Bad debt expenses (if any) are recorded in selling, general, and administrative expense. 

The allowance for doubtful accounts for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 2021 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

- 

Furniture and fixtures 

- 

Software 

Leasehold improvements 

life or lease term 

and , respectively. 

Research, development and engineering 

The Company issued a convertible note to which included an original issue discount, conversion features and a detachable warrant, as further discussed in Note M. The detachable warrant represents a freestanding, separable equity-linked financial instrument recorded at fair value. The fair value of the detachable warrant was calculated using a Black-Scholes valuation model. The Company elected the fair value option for the convertible debt which was determined based on significant unobservable inputs including the likelihood of default, the estimated date at which the default could take place, and the present value discount rate, which causes it to be classified as a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. The fair value option requires recognition at fair value upon issuance and on each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value are recognized as change in fair value of convertible note in the consolidated statements of operations. As a result of applying the fair value option, direct costs and fees related to the issuance of the convertible note were expensed and not deferred. 

The Company estimated the fair value of the convertible note using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model with the following assumptions and significant terms of the convertible note at December 22, 2022: 

 1. Face amount - 

 2. Nominal interest rate - 

 3. Default interest rate 

 4. Increase in principal upon a default 

 5. Present value discount rate 

 6. Likelihood of default estimated to be at the extended maturity date 

The following table shows the changes in fair value measurements for the convertible note using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Purchases and issuances 

Day one loss on value of hybrid instrument 

Ending balance 

Hardware 

Services 

Total Revenues 

Hardware 

Services 

Total Revenues 

EMESA Europe, Middle East, South America 

Revenue recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 from amounts included in deferred revenue at the beginning of the year was approximately . Revenue recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021 from amounts included in deferred revenue at the beginning of the year was approximately . Total deferred revenue (contract liability) was approximately and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Transaction Price Allocated to the Remaining Performance Obligations 

ASC 606 requires that the Company disclose the aggregate amount of transaction price that is allocated to performance obligations that have not yet been satisfied. The guidance provides certain practical expedients that limit this requirement, which the Company s contracts meet as follows: 

The performance obligation is part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less, in accordance with ASC 606-10-50-14. 

Deferred revenue represents the Company s remaining performance obligations related to prepaid support and maintenance, all of which is expected to be recognized from one to five years. 

of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Swivel Secure based in Madrid, Spain, pursuant to the terms of a stock purchase agreement. The aggregate purchase price consisted of a base purchase price of million, subject to closing adjustments based on the closing date working capital, indebtedness and unpaid transaction expenses, and an earn-out of . The earn-out was payable based on Swivel Secure generating of revenue and of operating profit during an earn-out period commencing on the closing date and ending on January 31, 2023, which was not attained. At the closing, the Company made a cash payment of million and issued shares of common stock of which shares were held back by the Company to secure certain indemnification obligations under the stock purchase agreement. The shares of Company common stock were priced at , the contractual 20 day volume-weighted average price of the Company s common stock immediately prior to the payment date as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

The business combination has been accounted for as an acquisition and, in accordance with ASC 805. The Company recorded the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date. The following table summarizes the purchase price allocation, with no earnout payment: 

Earnout payable 

Common stock issued 

Total purchase price consideration 

Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Equipment acquired 

Other assets 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Total estimated assets acquired 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Government loan 

Deferred tax liability 

Total liabilities assumed 

Total estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

The fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed was less than the purchase price, resulting in the recognition of goodwill. The goodwill reflected the value of the synergies the Company expected to realize and the assembled workforce. Refer to Note K for more information regarding the impairment of goodwill. 

The significant intangible asset identified in the purchase price allocation discussed above was Customer Relationships. To value the Customer Relationships, the Company utilized the Excess Earnings Method, which isolates the value of the specific intangible asset by discounting its income stream to present value. 

The government loan was issued through BBVA Bank during the COVID-19 pandemic. The loan bears interest at the rate of per annum and is payable in monthly installments of approximately inclusive of interest from May 2022 through April 2026. The installment payments have been paid monthly as per the schedule, as of the date of this report. 

The following table presents the final fair values and useful lives of the identifiable intangible assets acquired: 

Total identifiable intangible assets 

As discussed above, the earnout payable was not achieved. As such, the Company reversed the earnout payable of and recognized the income on the reversal of the earnout payable. 

For the period from March 8, 2022 to December 31, 2022, revenue from Swivel Secure amounted to and net loss amounted to . 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has not incurred any losses on these accounts. 

The Company extends credit to customers on an unsecured basis in the normal course of business. The Company s policy is to perform an analysis of the recoverability of its receivables at the end of each reporting period and to establish allowances where appropriate. The Company analyzes historical bad debts and contract losses, customer concentrations, and customer credit-worthiness when evaluating the adequacy of the allowances. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 no customer accounted for of total revenue. For the year ended December 2021, one customer accounted for of total revenue. 

At December 31, 2022, one customer accounted for of the total accounts receivable. At December 31, 2021, three customers accounted for of total accounts receivable. 

as an advance to Technology Transfer Institute TTI to aid in fulfilling the African contracts. The note did not bear any interest if paid within the nine (9) monthly installments beginning December 31, 2020. The note bore a default rate of . Due to the ongoing delays in payment, the Company reserved of the note as an allowance. On February 17, 2022, the Company amended the note to modify the payment terms to provide for lower monthly payments, with an updated maturity date on or before December 6, 2023. On May 5, 2022, the Company amended the note to modify the payment terms to eight biweekly installments of beginning February 25, 2022, nineteen consecutive monthly installments of beginning on July 6, 2022, and on or before February 6, 2024. Currently, the payments are several months behind schedule. Due to the delay in payments, the Company has increased the allowance for the remainder of the balance owed under the note. We are continuing to pursue payment and expect that we will start to receive funds in the second quarter of 2023. A member of our board of directors served as Chief Executive Officer of TTI until August 12, 2020. 

Repayment of note 

Allowance for doubtful account 

Note receivable, net of allowance 

Current portion, net of allowance 

Noncurrent portion, net of allowance 

reserve on inventory is due to slow moving inventory purchased for projects in Nigeria. The Company is looking into other markets and opportunities to sell or return the product. 

Inventory is comprised of the following as of December 31: 

Fabricated assemblies 

Reserve on finished goods 

Total inventory 

in anticipation of a large pending deployment that has yet to materialize. The Company was amortizing the total cost at the greater of the actual unit cost per license sold or straight-line amortization over years. Since the license purchase, the actual per unit cost (actual usage) of such license rights in the cumulative amount of has been charged to cost of sales. Since we have not received any sales for the license within the last two years, we accelerated the amortization for the balance of the license in 2022, leaving a carrying balance of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. A total of and was charged to cost of sales during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Hong Kong dollar denominated Bond Certificate with a financial institution in Hong Kong in September 2020 bearing interest at per annum. The Bond Certificate translated to U.S. Dollars, based on the exchange rate at the purchase date. The investment was originally recorded at amortized cost and was scheduled to mature in June 2021. The Company never received the proceeds and accrued interest from the investment and as such, wrote off the investment during 2022 as the bond issuer defaulted on repayment, and the Company had no recourse. 

Furniture and fixtures 

Software 

Leasehold improvements 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Total 

Depreciation was and for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amounts are recorded in selling, general, and administrative expense as well as in cost of services. 

Proprietary software 

Customer relationships 

Patents and patents pending 

Less accumulated amortization 

Total 

Aggregate amortization expense for 2022 and 2021 was approximately and , respectively. Estimated minimum amortization expense based on straight line amortization of the software license rights for each of the next five years and thereafter approximates the following: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Goodwill 

The Company conducted its annual impairment analysis of its goodwill balances as at December 31, 2022. The Company noted the noted the cyclical downturn in technology stock values over the 2022 period, since our previous annual impairment assessment. 

The analysis showed the carrying value of the Company s reporting segment was in excess of the Company s market valuation as at December 31, 2022 based on a fair valuation measure as the quoted market price for the Company s publicly traded stock as of that date. 

Accordingly, the Company concluded the amounts in goodwill had been fully impaired and accordingly wrote-off the entire balance in full as at December 31, 2022. 

Compensated absences 

Accrued legal and accounting fees 

Franchise taxes 

Employee expenses reimbursement 

Sales tax payable 

Other 

Total 

principal amount senior secured promissory note (the Note ). At closing, a total of was funded, with the proceeds to be used for general working capital. 

The principal amount of the Note is due six months following the date of issuance, subject to one six-month extension by the Company. Interest under the Note accrues at a rate of per annum, payable monthly through month six. In the event the maturity date of the Note is extended, interest will accrue at the rate of per annum in months seven through twelve, payable monthly. The Note is secured by a lien on substantially all of the Company s assets and properties can be prepaid in whole or in part without penalty at any time. 

In connection with the issuance of the Note, the Company issued to the investor shares of Common Stock (the Commitment Shares valued at per share and a warrant (the Warrant to purchase shares of common stock (the Warrant Shares at an exercise price of per share, exercisable commencing on the date of issuance with a term of five years. The warrant was valued at (see Note P. #3). In the event the Note is paid in full within six months after the date of issuance, the Company will exercise its right to repurchase of the Commitment Shares for aggregate payment to the Investor of 1.00. 

Upon issuance, the Note is not convertible into common stock or any other securities of the Company. Only after a date that is six (6) months following the issuance date of the Note and upon the occurrence of any events of default (as defined) and expiration of any applicable cure periods, all amounts due under the Note will immediately and automatically become due and payable in full, interest will accrue at the higher of per annum or the maximum amount permitted by applicable law, the outstanding principal amount due under the Note will be increased by , and the Investor will have the right to convert all amounts due under the Note into shares of common stock (the Conversion Shares at a conversion price equal to the 10 day volume weighted average sales price of the Company s common stock on the date of conversion, subject to the Share Cap described in the paragraph below. 

The aggregate number of shares of common stock issuable in the forgoing transaction consisting of the Commitment Shares, the Warrant Shares, and the Conversion Shares are capped at which is of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock on December 22, 2022, the date the definitive transaction documents were executed (the Share Cap ). 

During April 2023, we were in default under the Note due to our failure to timely file this annual report and timely file a registration statement covering the public resale of the shares issued to the holder of the Note in connection with the financing. We have obtained a waiver and, therefore, as of the date of this report we are not in default. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Note with principal balance of , at fair value, was recorded at . 

Total lease cost 

Balance sheet information 

Operating right-of-use assets 

Operating lease liabilities, current portion 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current portion 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) operating leases 

Weighted average discount rate operating leases 

Supplemental cash flow information related to leases were as follows: 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities 

Maturities of operating lease liabilities were as follows as of December 31, 2022: 

2023 

2024 

Total future lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total 

57

shares of preferred stock, .0001 par value per share, in one or more series, and to fix, as to any such series, any dividend rate, redemption price, preference on liquidation or dissolution, sinking fund terms, conversion rights, voting rights, and any other preference or special rights and qualifications. 

2. Common Stock 

Holders of common stock have equal rights to receive dividends when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds legally available therefor. Holders of common stock have one vote for each share held of record and do not have cumulative voting rights. 

Holders of common stock are entitled, upon liquidation of the Company, to share ratably in the net assets available for distribution, subject to the rights, if any, of holders of any preferred stock then outstanding. Shares of common stock are not redeemable and have no preemptive or similar rights. All outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 

On June 18, 2021, the stockholders approved the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ). Under the terms of this plan, shares of common stock are reserved for issuance to employees and officers of the Company at of the lower of the closing price of the common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market at the first day or the last day of the offering period. Eligible employees are granted an option to purchase shares under the plan funded by payroll deductions. The Board may suspend or terminate the plan at any time, otherwise the plan expires June 17, 2031. 

Issuances of Common Stock 

On December 22, 2022, the Company issued the Commitment Shares. See Note M - Convertible Note Payable for more information. 

On March 8, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock of which shares were held back by the Company to secure certain indemnification obligations under the Swivel Secure stock purchase agreement. The shares of Company common stock were issued at a total cost of , priced at , based on the contractual 20-day volume-weighted average price of the Company s common stock immediately prior to the payment date as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market 

On June 18, 2021, the stockholders approved the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Under the terms of this plan, shares of common stock are reserved for issuance to employees and officers of the Company at of the lower of the closing price of the common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market at the first day or the last day of the offering period. Eligible employees are granted an option to purchase shares under the plan funded by payroll deductions. The Board may suspend or terminate the plan at any time, otherwise the plan expires June 17, 2031. During 2022 and 2021, , and shares respectively were issued under the ESPP to employees, which resulted in a , and non-cash compensation expense respectively for the Company. 

Issuances of Restricted Stock 

Restricted stock consists of shares of common stock that are subject to restrictions on transfer and risk of forfeiture until the fulfillment of specified conditions. The fair value of nonvested shares is determined based on the market price of the Company's common stock on the grant date. Restricted stock is expensed ratably over the term of the restriction period. 

The Company issued shares of restricted common stock to certain employees of the Company and of shares of restricted common stock were forfeited during fiscal year 2022. The Company issued shares of restricted common stock to certain employees of the Company and of shares of restricted common stock were forfeited during fiscal year 2021. These shares vest in equal annual installments over a three-year period from the date of grant. 

Restricted stock compensation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Issuances to Directors, Executive Officers Consultants 

During the 2022 and 2021 years, the Company issued and shares of common stock respectively to its directors in lieu of payment of board fees, valued at and respectively. 

3. Warrants 

There were no warrants issued during 2021. 

Warrants Issued with Convertible Note: 

See Note M - Convertible Note Payable for the warrant issued with a convertible note in 2022. 

Valuation Assumptions for Warrants: 

The Company records the warrants at their fair value which is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model on the date of the grant. The fair value of the warrant issued in 2022 was estimated with the following assumptions: 

Weighted average exercise price 

Weighted average exercise period 

Weighted average Volatility of stock price 

The volatility for each issuance is determined based on the review of the experience of the weighted average of historical daily price changes of the Company s common stock over the expected exercise period. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the years to maturity. 

A summary of warrant activity is as follows: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding, as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding, as of December 31, 2022 

The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total intrinsic value, based on the Company s closing stock price of , , and as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which would have been received by the warrant holders had all warrant holders exercised their options as of that date. There were no in-the-money warrants exercisable as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

shares of common stock for issuance of options, restricted stock, and other equity based awards to employees, officers, directors, and consultants of the Company. In 2021, the stockholders approved an amendment to the 2015 to increase the shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the 2015 Plan from shares to shares together with other technical changes. The term of stock options granted under the 2015 Plan, may not exceed ten years, exercise prices may not be below - of fair market value, and vesting occurs over time periods set forth in written agreements with the recipients. In the event of a change in control, certain stock awards issued under the 2015 Plan may be subject to additional acceleration of vesting as may be provided in the participants written agreement. The 2015 Plan expires in December 2025. 

Non-Plan Stock Options 

Periodically, the Company has granted options outside of the 2015 Plan to various employees and consultants. In the event of change in control, as defined, certain of the non-plan options outstanding vest immediately. 

Stock Option Activity 

Information summarizing option activity is as follows: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding, as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding, as of December 31, 2022 

Vested or expected to vest at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The options outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022 were in the following exercise price ranges: 

- 

- 

- 

The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total intrinsic value, based on the Company s closing stock price of , , and as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options as of that date. There were no in-the-money options exercisable as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

The weighted average fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as no options were granted in either year. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as no options were exercised in either year. The total fair value of shares vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

As of December 31, 2022, future forfeiture adjusted compensation cost related to nonvested stock options is and will be recognized over an estimated weighted average period of years. 

Hong Kong 

Nigeria 

Spain 

Total 

There was no provision for current federal, foreign or state taxes for both of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as a result of taxable losses incurred in these jurisdictions. The provision for income tax benefits consist of the following (in thousands): 

Deferred- Federal 

Deferred - States 

Deferred - Foreign 

Total 

Change in valuation allowance 

Provision for income tax benefits 

Significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows at December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Research and development expenses 

Capital loss carry forward 

Stock-based compensation 

Equipment and leasehold improvements 

Intangible assets - US 

Intangible assets - Foreign 

Inventory reserve 

Interest expense 

Operating lease liabilities 

Reserve on debt security 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Net operating loss and research and credit carryforwards 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax liability 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company determined that certain attributes of deferred tax assets and liabilities were incorrect for December 31, 2021 and 2020. See Note S for further information. 

The Company has a valuation allowance against the full amount of its net deferred taxes due to the uncertainty of realization of the deferred tax assets due to operating loss history of the Company. The Company currently provides a valuation allowance against deferred taxes when it is more likely than not that some portion, or all of its deferred tax assets will not be realized. The valuation allowance could be reduced or eliminated based on future earnings and future estimates of taxable income. With a full valuation allowance, any change in the deferred tax asset or liability is fully offset by a corresponding change in the valuation allowance. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company provided a valuation allowance on its net deferred tax assets of and , respectively. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company has U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million. Approximately million are subject to expiration between 2023 and 2037, and million net operating loss carryforwards have no expiration date. These net operating loss carryforwards could be subject to the limitations under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code due to changes in the equity ownership of the Company. In addition, the Company has net operating loss carry forwards from various states of approximately million which expire from 2026 through 2042. 

A reconciliation of the effective income tax rate on operations reflected in the statements of operations to the US federal statutory income tax rate is presented below. 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Permanent differences 

Expiration of net operating loss and research credit carryforwards 

Expiration and forfeiture of stock options 

Other 

Valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

The Company has not been audited by the Internal Revenue Service IRS or any states in connection with income taxes. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. The periods from 2019 through 2022 remain open to examination by the IRS and state jurisdictions. 

Our subsidiary in Nigeria has not filed its required returns since inception. Management believes that when the returns are filed, no taxes will be owed due to the losses incurred during those periods. We are also not subject to minimum tax during the first four years of operations. As a result, management could not calculate the amount of net operating loss carryforwards that are available to offset future taxable income. 

Our subsidiary in Hong Kong has not filed its required returns in several years. Management believes that when the returns are filed, no taxes will be owed due to losses incurred during those periods. As a result, management could not calculate the amount of net operating loss carryforwards are available to offset future taxable income. 

The Company believes it is not subject to any tax audit risk beyond those periods. The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties accrued on any unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. The Company does not have any accrued interest or penalties associated with any unrecognized tax benefits, nor was any interest expense incurred during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was signed into law which includes a stock buyback excise tax of 1 on share repurchases, which will apply to net stock buybacks after December 31, 2022. We do not expect this to have a material impact if and when share repurchases occur. 

The Company further reviewed its disclosure of the rate reconciliation and deferred tax calculation along with the valuation allowance of its net deferred tax assets. Other items that were corrected in the disclosure included allowance for doubtful accounts, equipment and leasehold improvements and operating lease liability along with the associated operating lease ROU assets. 

The below table summarizes the revisions to the reconciliation of our income tax rate computed using the federal statutory rate to our actual income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021: 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Permanent differences 

Expiration of net operating loss and research credit carryforwards 

Expiration and forfeiture of stock options 

Other 

Valuation allowance 

Effect of net operating loss 

Total 

The table below summarizes the revisions to the attributes of the deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Stock based compensation 

Equipment and leasehold improvements 

Intangible assets 

Operating lease liability 

Reserve on debt security 

Operating lease right-of -use assets 

Net operating loss and research credit carryforwards 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

The table below summarizes the revisions to the attributes of the deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2020 (in thousands): 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Stock based compensation 

Equipment and leasehold improvements 

Intangible assets 

Operating lease liability 

Operating lease right-of -use assets 

Net operating loss and research credit carryforwards 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Warrants 

Total 

shares of common stock to its directors in payment of board fees. 

On March 16, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of restricted common stock to new employees which vest in equal annual installments over a three-year period from the date of grant. 

On May 5, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to its directors in payment of board committee fees. 

On May 5, 2023, the Company received shares of restricted common stock from employees who left the Company before the vesting period was completed. 

On May 11, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to its directors in payment of board fees. 

On May 11, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to its directors in payment of board committee fees. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 

Exhibit 

No. 

2.1 

Stock Purchase Agreement by and among the Company, Thomas J. Hoey, and PistolStar, Inc. dated June 6, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 7, 2020) 

2.2 

Stock Purchase Agreement by and among the Company, Alex Rocha and Swivel Secure Europe, SA dated February 2, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 3, 2022) 

2.3 

Amendment No. 1 to Stock Purchase Agreement by and among the Company, Alex Rocha and Swivel Secure Europe, SA dated March 4, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 9, 2022) 

3.1 

Certificate of Incorporation of BIO-key International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 5, 2005) 

3.2 

Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 5, 2005) 

3.3 

Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the definitive proxy statement, filed with the SEC on January 18, 2006) 

3.4 

Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Bio-key International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2015) 

3.5 

Certificate of Elimination of BIO-key International, Inc. filed October 6, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the registration statement on Form S-1 File No. 333-208747 filed with the SEC on December 23, 2015) 

3.6 

Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A-1 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 2, 2015) 

3.7 

Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B-1 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 16, 2015) 

3.8 

Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Bio-key International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 28, 2016) 

3.9 

Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Bio-Key International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 19, 2020) 

4.1 

Specimen Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registration statement on Form SB-2, File No. 333-16451) 

4.2 

Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on July 17, 2020) 

4.3 

Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on July 17, 2020) 

4.4 

Form of Warrant Agency Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on July 20, 2020) 

4.5 

BIO-key International, Inc. Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the annual report on From 10-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2022 

10.1 

Employment Agreement by and between BIO-key International, Inc. and Mira LaCous dated November 20, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 22, 2002) 

65

10.2 

BIO-key International, Inc. 2004 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to amendment no. 1 the registrant s registration statement on Form SB-2, File No. 33-120104, filed with the SEC on December 14, 2004) 

10.3 

Employment Agreement, effective March 25, 2010, by and between the Company and Michael W. DePasquale (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.93 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 26, 2010) 

10.4 

Employment Agreement by and between BIO-key International, Inc. and Cecilia Welch dated May 15, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2014) 

10.5 

Employment Agreement by and between BIO-key International, Inc. and James Sullivan dated April 5, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 29, 2021) 

10.6 

First Amendment to Lease Agreement by and between BIO-key International, Inc. and BRE/DP MN LLC dated September 12, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2014) 

10.7 

BIO-key International, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on December 15, 2015) 

10.8 

Software License Purchase Agreement Dated November 11, 2015 by and among BIO-key Hong Kong Limited, Shining Union Limited, WWTT Technology China, Golden Vast Macao Commercial Offshore Limited, Giant Leap International Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the registration statement on Form S-1 File No. 333-208747 filed with the SEC on December 23, 2015) 

10.9 

Form Non-Plan Option Agreement between the Company and certain of its directors, officers, employees and contractors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 15, 2017) 

10.10 

Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 23, 2018 by and between the Registrant and Giant Leap International Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 30, 2018) 

10.11 

Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 23, 2018 by and between the Registrant and Micron Technology Development Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 30, 2018) 

10.12 

Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 31, 2018 by and between the Registrant and Wong Kwok Fong (Kelvin) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 4, 2018) 

10.13 

Underwriting Agreement dated August 22, 2018 by and between the Registrant and Maxim Group LLP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 27, 2018) 

10.14 

Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated August 24, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 27, 2018) 

10.15 

GLP 2nd Amendment to Lease dated July 27, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2019) 

10.16 

Marlen 4th Amendment to Lease dated June 2, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on April 1, 2019) 

66

10.17 

Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated July 10, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 14, 2019) 

10.18 

Sales Incentive Agreement with Technology Transfer Institute dated March 25, 2020. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2020) 

10.19 

Form of Technology Transfer Institute Warrant. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2020) 

10.20 

Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note, due April 13, 2020 issued by the Company to Lind Global Macro Fund, LP. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2020) 

10.21 

Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note, due April 13, 2020 by and between the Company and Lind Global Macro Fund, LP dated April 12, 2020. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2020) 

10.22 

Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 6, 2020 by and between the Company and Lind Global Macro Fund, LP. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2020) 

10.23 

2,415,000 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note dated May 6, 2020. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2020) 

10.24 

Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated May 6, 2020. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2020) 

10.25 

Amended and Restated Security Agreement dated May 6, 2020 by and between the Company and Lind Global Macro Fund, LP. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2020) 

10.26 

Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note, due April 13, 2020 by and between the Company and Lind Global Macro Fund, LP dated May 13, 2020. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2020) 

10.27 

Securities Purchase Agreement dated June 29, 2020 by and between the Company and Lind Global Macro Fund, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 1, 2020) 

10.28 

1,811,250 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note dated June 29, 2020. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 1, 2020) 

10.29 

Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated June 29, 2020. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 1, 2020) 

10.30 

Second Amended and Restated Security Agreement dated June 29, 2020 by and between the Company and Lind Global Macro Fund, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 1, 2020) 

10.31 

500,000 Promissory note, dated June 30, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 7, 2020) 

10.32 

Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the BIO-key International, Inc. Amended Restated 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 28, 2020) 

67

10.33 

BIO-key International, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on May 4, 2021) 

10.34 

BIO-key International, Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on May 4, 2021) 

10.35 
			 
			 Management Services Agreement dated March 8, 2022 by and among Swivel Aman-FZCO, Swivel Secure Europe, SA, and Alex Rocha (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 23, 2022) 

10.36 
			 
			 Option Agreement dated March 8, 2022 by and between the Company and Alex Rocha (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 23, 2022) 

10.37 
			 
			 Distribution Agreement dated October 23, 2020 by and between Swivel Secure Europe, SA and Swivel Secure Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 23, 2022) + 

10.38 
			 
			 Deed of Variation dated January 26, 2022 by and between Swivel Secure Europe, SA and Swivel Secure Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 23, 2022) + 

10.39 
			 
			 Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 22, 2022 by and between the Company and AJB Capital Investments, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 23, 2022) 

10.40 
			 
			 2,200,000 Senior Secured Promissory Note, dated December 22, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 23, 2022) 

10.41 
			 
			 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated December 22, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 23, 2022) 

10.42 
			 
			 Security Agreement dated December 22, 2022 by and between the Company and AJB Capital Investments, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 23, 2022) 

21.1 

List of subsidiaries of BIO-key International, Inc. 

23.1 

Consent of Marcum LLP 

23.2 
			 
			 Consent of Rotenberg Meril Solomon Bertiger Guttilla, P.C. 

31.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

filed herewith 

Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to certain portions of this exhibit. Omitted sections have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Management compensatory plan. 

+ Certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by [ ] have been omitted as the Company has determined that such portions are (a) not material and (b) would likely cause competitive harm to the Company if publicly disclosed. 

68

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BIO-KEY INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

Date: June 1, 2023 
			 
			 By: 

/s/ MICHAEL W. DEPASQUALE 

Michael W. DePasquale 

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

			 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities on the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ MICHAEL W. 

			 DEPASQUALE 

Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

			 (Principal Executive Officer) 

June 1, 2023 

Michael W. DePasquale 

/s/ CECILIA WELCH 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

June 1, 2023 

Cecilia Welch 

/s/ROBERT J. MICHEL 

Director 

June 1, 2023 

Robert J. Michel 

/s/ WONG KWOK FONG 

Director 

June 1, 2023 

Wong Kwok Fong 

/s/ Thomas Bush III 
			 
			 Director 
			 
			 June 1, 2023 

Thomas Bush III 

/s/ MANNY ALIA 

Director 

June 1, 2023 

Manny Alia 

69

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex_493138.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

ex_493138.htm 

Exhibit 21.1 

 Subsidiaries 

Name 

State/Country of Incorporation 

BIO-key Hong Kong Limited 

Hong Kong 

Public Safety Group, Inc. 

Delaware 

PistolStar, Inc. 

New Hampshire 

BIOKEY AFRICA LIMITED 

Nigeria 

Swivel Secure Europe, SA 

Spain 

Swivel Secure, Unipessoal LDA. 

Portugal 

BIO-key Europe SL 
			 Spain 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex_493139.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

ex_493139.htm 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference into the registration statements of BIO-key International, Inc. on Form S-8 (file nos. 333- 233737, 333-212066, 333-257520 and 333-257754), Form S-1 (file no. 333-239782), and Form S-3 (file nos. 333-233713, 333-225934 and 333-257875) of our report dated June 1, 2023 relating to the financial statements which appear in this Form 10-K as of December 31, 2022 and for the year then ended, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Our report on the consolidated financial statements contain an explanatory paragraph regarding adjustments described in Note S to the consolidated financial statements that were applied to restate the 2021 financial statements to correct errors. We were not engaged to audit, review, or apply any procedures to the 2021 financial statements of the Company other than with respect to the adjustments and, accordingly, we do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance on the 2021 financial statements taken as a whole. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

Marcum LLP 

 Saddle Brook, New Jersey 

 June 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 ex_523736.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.2

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference into the registration statements of BIO-key International, Inc. on Form S-8 (file nos. 333- 233737, 333-212066, 333-257520 and 333-257754), Form S-1 (file no. 333-239782), and Form S-3 (file nos. 333-233713, 333-225934 and 333-257875) of our report dated March 31, 2022 relating to the financial statements which appear in this Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Our report on the 2021 consolidated financial statements indicates that we were not engaged to audit, review, or apply any procedures to the adjustments for the correction of the errors described in Note S to the financial statements, and accordingly, we do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance about whether such adjustments are appropriate and have been properly applied. Those adjustments were audited by Marcum LLP. 

/s/ Rotenberg Meril Solomon Bertiger Guttilla, P.C. 

ROTENBERG MERIL SOLOMON BERTIGER GUTTILLA, P.C. 

 Saddle Brook, New Jersey 

 June 1, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex_493140.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_493140.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Michael W. DePasquale, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of BIO-key International, Inc. (the Company 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: June 1, 2023 

/s/ Michael W. DePasquale 

Michael W. DePasquale 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex_493141.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_493141.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Cecilia C. Welch, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of BIO-key International, Inc. (the Company 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: June 1, 2023 

/s/ CECILIA C. WELCH 

Cecilia C. Welch 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex_493142.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_493142.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of BIO-key International, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael W. DePasquale, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

BIO-KEY INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

By: 

/s/ Michael W. DePasquale 

Michael W. DePasquale 

Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: June 1, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex_493143.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_493143.htm 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of BIO-key International, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Cecilia Welch, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

BIO-KEY INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

By: 

/s/ CECILIA C. WELCH 

Cecilia C. Welch 

Chief Financial Officer 

Dated: June 1, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 bkyi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 bkyi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 bkyi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 bkyi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 bkyi-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

