<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230407_10-K_edgar_data_1894210_0001213900-23-028267.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3942083</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>268181</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>795143</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>816535</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>990806</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>973335</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-028267.hdr.sgml : 20230407
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230407144051
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-028267
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230407
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230407

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Qomolangma Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001894210
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				863733656
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41518
		FILM NUMBER:		23808614

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1178 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6267574601

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1178 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		3RD FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-028267.txt : 20230407

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_qomolangma.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code:

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units QOMOU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Warrants QOMOW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Rights QOMOR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has fi led a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting fi rm
that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

At June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s
shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was . 

The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s shares of
common stock as of March 31, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 
 
 1 

Item 1 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 16 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 16 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 16 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 16 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 16 

PART II 
 
 17 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 17 

Item 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 18 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 18 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 22 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 23 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 23 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 23 

Item 9B. 
 Other information 
 23 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 23 

PART III 
 
 24 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 24 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 30 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 30 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 
 31 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 33 

PART IV 
 
 35 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 35 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 37 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. Some statements contained in this report are forward-looking in nature. Our forward-looking statements
include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies
regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or
circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, 
 continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, 
 plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, 
 would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that
a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required
in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other
businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result
of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete
our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number
of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available
to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

our financial performance following our initial public offering. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements
involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or
performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors . Should one or more of these risks
or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those
projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

ii 

PART
I 

Item 1 Business 

Qomolangma Acquisition Corp. is a blank check
company incorporated in Delaware on May 6, 2021. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities Business Combination ).
We intend to focus on businesses with a total enterprise value of between 300,000,000 and 500,000,000. We will not conduct an initial
business combination with any target company that conducts operations through variable interest entities, or VIEs, or that has an auditor
that the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or PCAOB, is unable to inspect for two consecutive years beginning in 2021 at the
time of our business combination. 

On October 4, 2022, we consummated our initial public offering IPO consisting of 5,000,000 Units Public Units ). Each Unit consists of one share of our common stock, par value 0.0001 (the
 Common Stock ), one redeemable warrant, which is exercisable for one share of Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share,
and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10th) of one share of Common Stock upon the consummation of our initial business combination. We
granted Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc. Ladenburg ), the representative of the underwriter, a 45-day option to purchase
up to 750,0000 additional Units to cover over-allotments. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO,
we consummated the private placement (the Private Placement with Qomolangma Investments LLC, our sponsor, purchasing
260,500 units (the Private Units ), generating total proceeds of 2,605,000. The terms of the Private Units are
identical to the Public Units. Additionally, the sponsor agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Units or
underlying securities (except in limited circumstances, as described in the registration statement) until the completion of our
initial business combination. The sponsor was granted certain demand and piggyback registration rights in connection with the
purchase of the Private Units. 

Simultaneously with the closing, Ladenburg partially exercised its
over-allotment option and the closing of the issuance and sale of the additional Public Units occurred on October 7, 2022. The total issuance
by us of 273,000 Public Units (the Over-Allotment Option Units at price of 10.00 per unit, generated gross proceeds of
 2,730,000. On October 7, 2022, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units, we consummated the private sale of an
additional 8,873 Private Units generating gross proceeds of 88,725. 

A total of 53,520,950 10.15 per Unit) of the net proceeds from the
sale of Public Units in the IPO (including the Over-Allotment Option Units) and the private placements on October 4, 2022 and October
7, 2022, was placed in a trust account maintained for the benefit of the public shareholders at American Stock Transfer Trust Company,
as a trustee. Except as set forth below, the proceeds held in the trust account will not be released until the earlier of the completion
of our initial business combination and the liquidation due to our failure to complete a business combination within the applicable period
of time. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to the claims of our creditors, if any, which could have priority
over the claims of our public stockholders. In addition, interest income earned on the investments in the trust account may be released
to the Company to pay its income or other tax obligations. With these exceptions, expenses incurred by us may be paid prior to a business
combination only from the net proceeds of the IPO and private placement not held in the trust account. 

Business Strategy 

Our efforts in identifying prospective
target businesses will not be limited to a particular geographic region, although we intend to focus on businesses that have a connection
to the Asian market and a total enterprise value of between 300,000,000 and 500,000,000. We believe that we will add value to these
businesses primarily by providing them with access to the U.S. capital markets. 

We will seek to capitalize on
the strength of our management team. Our team consists of experienced professionals and senior operating executives. Collectively, our
officers and directors have decades of experience in mergers and acquisitions and operating companies in Asia. We believe we will benefit
from their accomplishments, and specifically their current and recent activities with companies that have a connection to the Asian market,
in identifying attractive acquisition opportunities. However, there is no assurance that we will complete a business combination. 

We believe that the members
of our management team and board of directors have valuable and applicable experience for sourcing and analyzing potential acquisition
candidates across various industries and on an international basis based upon their professional experience. Jonathan P. Myers, our
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, has extensive experience in business development and corporate finance in various industries
and nations. Hao Shen, our Chief Financial Officer, has extensive experience in corporate governance and strategic development. Currently
he serves as an independent director and a member of the nominating and compensation committees at Renrui HR (HKG: 6919), a human resource
solutions company which is publicly listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Jialuan Ma, our independent director, has over 15 years 
experience in financial management and has served as a director in several global companies, including Roche Pharma, Lenovo, Hitachi Vantara
China and Schneider Electric Greater China. Yong Seog Jung, our independent director, has experience in multi-national industry investment
and consulting. He has worked for Hanwha Investment Securities, which is one of the biggest investment groups in Korea, for
over 10 years. Lin Shi, our independent director, has a professional and academic background in Neurosurgery. 

1 

Investment Criteria 

Our management team intends
to focus on creating stockholder value by leveraging its experience in the management, operation and financing of businesses to improve
the efficiency of operations while implementing strategies to scale revenue organically and/or through acquisitions. We have identified
the following general criteria and guidelines, which we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. While we intend
to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating prospective businesses, we may deviate from these criteria and guidelines should we
see justification to do so. 

Middle-Market Growth Business . We
will primarily seek to acquire one or more growth businesses with a total enterprise value of between 300,000,000 and 500,000,000.
We believe that there are a substantial number of potential target businesses within this valuation range that can benefit from new capital
for scalable operations to yield significant revenue and earnings growth. We currently do not intend to acquire either a start-up company
(a company that has not yet established commercial operations) or a company with negative cash flow. 

Companies in Business Segments that are Strategically
Significant to the Asian Markets . We will seek to acquire those businesses that are currently strategically
significant in the Asian markets. Such sectors include Internet and high technology, financial technology (including technology applied
in financial services or used to help companies manage the financial aspects of their business), clean energy, agriculture machinery,
health care, consumer and retail, energy and resources, food processing, manufacturing and education. 

Business with Revenue and Earnings Growth Potential . We
will seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential for significant revenue and earnings growth through a combination
of both existing and new product development, increased production capacity, expense reduction and synergistic follow-on acquisitions
resulting in increased operating leverage. 

Companies with Potential for Strong Free Cash Flow
Generation . We will seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential to generate strong, stable
and increasing free cash flow. We intend to focus on one or more businesses that have predictable revenue streams and definable low working
capital and capital expenditure requirements. We may also seek to prudently leverage this cash flow in order to enhance stockholder value. 

Benefit from Being a Public Company . We
intend to only acquire a business or businesses that will benefit from being publicly traded and which can effectively utilize access
to broader sources of capital and a public profile that are associated with being a publicly traded company. 

Leadership Position . We
will seek to identify one or more companies that have a leadership position in their industry or a defensible niche within a target market
as a result of differentiated technology or other competitive advantages. 

These criteria are not intended
to be exhaustive or exclusive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular business combination may be based, to the extent
relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our sponsor and management team may deem
relevant. 

2 

Initial Business Combination 

We will have until July 4, 2023 to consummate our initial business
combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination by such date, we may, by
resolution of our board if requested by our sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to twelve times,
each by an additional one month (for a total of up to July 4, 2024 to complete a business combination), subject to the sponsor depositing
additional funds into the trust account as set out below. Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and the trust agreement entered into between us and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC on the date of our
final prospectus for the IPO, in order for the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination to be extended, our
sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust
account 174,009 (approximately 0.033 per public share per month), up to an aggregate of 2,088,108, or approximately 0.40 per public
share (for an aggregate of 12 months), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each extension. In the event that
we receive notice from our sponsor five days prior to the applicable deadline of its wish for us to effect an extension, we intend
to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, we intend to
issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. Our sponsor
and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business
combination. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the applicable time period, we will, as promptly as
reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds
held in the trust account and as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders
and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of
creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such event, the warrants and rights will be worthless. 

Our sponsor may extend the time frame by the company to complete a
business combination up to July 4, 2024 by depositing the required amount of funds for each monthly extension. Holders of our securities
will not have to right to approve or disapprove any such monthly extension. Further, holders of our securities will not have the right
to seek or obtain redemption in connection with any extension of the time frame to complete a business combination. 

Any such payments from our sponsor
to extend the time frame would be made in the form of a loan from our sponsor to the company. The final and definitive terms of the loan
in connection with any such loans have not yet been negotiated, but any such loan would be interest free and not repaid unless and until
we complete a business combination. If we complete our initial business combination, we would expect to repay such loaned amounts out
of the proceeds of the trust account released to us or from funds which may be raised in any subsequent capital financing transaction
which may be undertaken in connection with the completion of a business combination. 

The Nasdaq rules require that
our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value equal to
at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at
the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our Board of Directors is not able
to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or
an independent accounting firm. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial
business combination. If we are delisted from Nasdaq prior to completion of the business combination, the Nasdaq 80 requirement would
no longer be applicable. 

3 

We anticipate structuring our
initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 
of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. The determination of whether or not to acquire less than 100 
of the equity interests or assets will be dependent upon numerous factors, including satisfaction of certain objectives of the target
management team or target s stockholders, the costs of any such proposed acquisition or for other reasons, many of which we cannot
determine at this time and will be contingent upon negotiations with prospective targets. We may, however, structure our initial business
combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business
in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete a business
combination for equity interests if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of
the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target or in the event of an assets acquisition, an acquisition which results
in an operating business line, sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. In considering an asset transaction, we would acquire such assets only
if we could constitute from such assets a stand-alone operating business. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or
more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest
in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example,
we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock
of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial
number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding
shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses
are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will
be valued for purposes of the 80 of Nasdaq net assets test. If our initial business combination involves more than one target business
or assets from different business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. 

Corporate Information 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure will
make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an
alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation, the owners of
the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our shares or for a combination of our shares and
cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated
with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more certain and cost effective method to becoming a
public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred
in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination
with us. 

Furthermore, once a proposed
business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always
subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent
the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means
of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s
profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our structure
and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may have a negative
view of us since we are a blank check company, without an operating history, and there is uncertainty relating to our ability to obtain
stockholder approval of our proposed initial business combination and retain sufficient funds in our trust account in connection therewith. 

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the
JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following
the fifth anniversary of the completion of our IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion
or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares of common stock that is
held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued
more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

4 

Financial Position 

With funds available for a business combination initially in the amount
of 53,520,950 (including the Over-Allotment Option Units and the over-allotment Private Units) assuming no redemptions and after payment
of 2,109,200 of deferred underwriting fees, in each case before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination, we
offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth
and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial
business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the
most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires.
However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

We are not presently engaged
in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination
using cash from the proceeds of our IPO and the private placement of the private placement units, our shares, debt or a combination of
these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may, although we do not currently intend to, seek to complete
our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or
growth, start-up companies or companies with speculative business plans or excess leverage, which would subject us to the numerous risks
inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If our initial business combination
is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration
in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our shares of common stock, we may apply the balance of
the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of
the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination,
to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We may seek to raise additional
funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and
we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust
account. 

In the case of an initial business
combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business
combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing.
There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination.
At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds
through the sale of securities or otherwise. 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring
of Our Initial Business Combination 

The Nasdaq rules require that
our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value equal to
at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at
the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of the target
or targets will be determined by our Board of Directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community,
such as discounted cash flow valuation or value of comparable businesses. Our stockholders will be relying on the business judgment of
our Board of Directors, which will have significant discretion in choosing the standard used to establish the fair market value of the
target or targets, and different methods of valuation may vary greatly in outcome from one another. Such standards used will be disclosed
in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. In the event
that we were delisted from Nasdaq prior to completion of a business combination, we would not be subject to the Nasdaq rule requiring
our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value equal to
at least 80 of the balance in the trust account. 

5 

If our board is not able to
independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or
an independent accounting firm, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in
unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually
unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to
effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In any case, we will only complete
an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of
such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 
of net assets test. 

To the extent we effect our
initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. 

In evaluating a prospective
target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent
management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information
which will be made available to us. 

The time required to select
and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process,
are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of
a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses
and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of
time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance
of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or
several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in
a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory
developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial
business combination; and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single
product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s
Management Team 

Although we intend to closely
scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination
with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management
may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of
our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that one or more
of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of
them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that
members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

6 

We cannot assure you that any
of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether
any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following a business combination,
we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we
will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that such additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience
necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to
Approve Our Initial Business Combination 

We may conduct redemptions without
a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide
to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. 

Under the Nasdaq s listing
rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of common stock that will be equal to or
in excess of 20 of the number of shares of common stock then issued and outstanding (other than in a public offering); 

any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders
(as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or
indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of shares of common stock
could result in an increase in issued and outstanding shares of common stock or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of shares of common stock
will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

Permitted Purchases of Our Securities 

In the event we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor,
directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either
prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares such persons may purchase.
However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions
for any such transactions. In the event our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates determine to make any such purchases
at the time of a stockholder vote relating to our initial business combination, such purchases could have the effect of influencing the
vote necessary to approve such transaction. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions.
They will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or
if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement
that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not
to exercise its redemption rights. We will adopt an insider trading policy which will require insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing
shares during certain blackout periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) to clear all
trades with our legal counsel prior to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant
to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon several factors, including but not limited to, the timing and size of such purchases.
Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such
a plan is not necessary. 

7 

In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their
affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption
rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate
that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private
transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such
purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. 

The purpose of such purchases
would be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder
approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have
a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement
would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public float of our shares of common stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities
may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities
exchange. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors,
advisors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors
or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption
requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the
extent that our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential
selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against
the business combination. Such persons would select the stockholders from whom to acquire shares based on the number of shares available,
the negotiated price per share and such other factors as any such person may deem relevant at the time of purchase. The price per share
paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a public stockholder would receive if it elected to redeem its
shares in connection with our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase
shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any purchases by our sponsor,
officers, directors, advisors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act
will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability
for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical
requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors,
advisors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of shares of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or
Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. 

Ability to Extend Time to Complete Business
Combination 

We will have until July 4, 2023 to consummate our initial business
combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination by such date, we may, by
resolution of our board if requested by our sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to twelve times,
each by an additional one month (for a total of up to July 4, 2024 to complete a business combination), subject to the sponsor depositing
additional funds into the trust account as set out below. Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and the trust agreement entered into between us and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC on the date of our
final prospectus for the IPO, in order for the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination to be extended, our
sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust
account 174,009 (approximately 0.033 per public share per month), up to an aggregate of 2,088,108, or approximately 0.40 per public
share (for the entire 12 month period), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each extension. In the event that
we receive notice from our sponsor five days prior to the applicable deadline of its wish for us to effect an extension, we intend
to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, we intend to
issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. Our sponsor
and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business
combination. 

8 

Our sponsor may extend the time
frame for us to complete a business combination by up to an additional 12 months contingent upon our sponsor timely depositing the
required amount of funds for each monthly extension. Holders of our securities will not have to right to approve or disapprove any such
monthly extension. Further, holders of our securities will not have the right to seek or obtain redemption in connection with any extension
of the time frame. 

Any such payments from our sponsor
to extend the time frame would be made in the form of a loan from our sponsor. The final and definitive terms of the loan in connection
with any such loans have not yet been negotiated, but any such loan would be interest free and not repaid unless and until we complete
a business combination. If we complete our initial business combination, we would expect to repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds
of the trust account released to us or from funds which may be raised in any subsequent capital financing transaction which may be undertaken
in connection with the completion of a business combination. 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders
upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of
the initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued
and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to
be approximately 10.15 per public share (subject to increase of up to an additional 0.40 per public share in the event that our sponsor
elects to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail herein). The per-share amount we
will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay
to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed
to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares they may hold in
connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination
either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender
offer. Stockholders will not be granted any right to redeem their securities in connection with any decision by us to extend the time
frame to complete a business combination from 9 months to up to 21 months. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder
approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based
on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder
approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically
require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than
20 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would
require stockholder approval. We intend to conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC
unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business
or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with
Nasdaq rules. 

If a stockholder vote is not
required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E
of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing
our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination
and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

9 

Upon the public announcement
of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase
our shares of common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5
under the Exchange Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under
the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer
period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public
shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an
amount that would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than 5,000,001 upon
consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any
greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If
public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial
business combination. 

If, however, stockholder approval
of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business
or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation
pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender
offer rules; and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

We expect that a final proxy
statement would be mailed to public stockholders at least 10 days prior to the stockholder vote. However, we expect that a draft
proxy statement would be made available to such stockholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if
we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Although we are not required to do so, we currently intend to comply
with the substantive and procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any stockholder vote even if we are not able
to maintain our Nasdaq listing or Exchange Act registration. 

In the event that we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders
with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business
combination only if a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination.
In such case, pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (and their
permitted transferees will agree) to vote any founder shares and private placement shares held by them and any public shares purchased
during or after the IPO in favor of our initial business combination. We expect that at the time of any stockholder vote relating to our
initial business combination, our sponsor and its permitted transferees will own approximately 21.50 of our issued and outstanding shares
of common stock entitled to vote thereon (assuming it does not purchase units in the IPO, and taking into account ownership of the private
placement units). Each public stockholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the
proposed transaction. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which
they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in
connection with the completion of a business combination. 

10 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be
less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny
stock rules). Redemptions of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant
to an agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash
consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general
corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business
combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of common stock that are validly
submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination
exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares
of common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion
of Our Initial Business Combination if We Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess
Shares. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by
such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or
our sponsor or its affiliates to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable
terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO could threaten
to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our sponsor or its affiliates at a premium
to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 
of the shares sold in the IPO, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block
our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires
as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers and
directors have, pursuant to a letter agreement entered into with us, waived their right to have any founder shares or public shares held
by them redeemed in connection with our initial business combination. Unless any of our other affiliates acquires founder shares through
a permitted transfer from an initial stockholder, and thereby becomes subject to the letter agreement, no such affiliate is subject to
this waiver. However, to the extent any such affiliate acquired public shares in the IPO or thereafter through open market purchases,
it would be a public stockholder and restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to any Excess Shares. 

Tendering Share Certificates in Connection
with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights 

We may require our public stockholders
seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either
tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents, or up to two business
days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their
shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At Custodian) System,
rather than simply voting against the initial business combination. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish
to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders
to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials
until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy
materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Pursuant to the tender offer rules,
the tender offer period will be not less than 20 business days and, in the case of a stockholder vote, a final proxy statement would
be mailed to public stockholders at least 10 days prior to the stockholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement
would be made available to such stockholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions
in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic
delivery of their public shares. 

11 

There is a nominal cost associated
with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer
agent will typically charge the tendering broker 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming
holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender
their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery
must be effectuated. 

The foregoing is different from
the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations,
many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a
holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking
to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange
for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an option window 
after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market.
If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his
or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit
before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until
the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that
a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

Any request to redeem such shares,
once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the stockholder meeting
set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with
an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder
may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to
be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our
initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination
is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be
entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates
delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may
continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until July 4, 2023 (or up to July 4, 2024 if we extend the
period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail herein). 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation
if No Initial Business Combination 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed that we will have only
until July 4, 2023 (or up to July 4, 2024 if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail
herein) to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such time period,
we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more
than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses (which interest shall
be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject
to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining
stockholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions
with respect to our warrants or rights, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the
9-month (or up to 21-month) time period. 

12 

Our sponsor may extend the time
frame for us to complete a business combination by up to an additional 12 months contingent upon our sponsor timely depositing into
the trust account the required amount of funds for each monthly extension. Holders of our securities will not have to right to approve
or disapprove any such monthly extension. Further, holders of our securities will not have the right to seek or obtain redemption in connection
with any extension of the time frame to complete a business combination. 

Any such payments from our sponsor
to extend the time frame would be made in the form of a loan from our sponsor. The final and definitive terms of the loan in connection
with any such loans have not yet been negotiated, but any such loan would be interest free and not repaid unless and until we complete
a business combination. If we complete our initial business combination, we would expect to repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds
of the trust account released to us or from funds which may be raised in any subsequent capital financing transaction which may be undertaken
in connection with the completion of a business combination. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement
with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder
shares and private placement shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 9 months from the closing of the
IPO (or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described
in more detail herein). However, if our sponsor acquires public shares after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted
9-month (or up to 21-month) time period. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written
letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would
(i) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within 9 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period
of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail herein) or (ii) with respect to the other provisions relating
to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to
redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of
then issued and outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s
 penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares
such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related
redemption of our public shares. 

We expect that all costs and
expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining
out of the 500,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for
such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution,
to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release
to us an additional amount of up to 50,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale
of the private placement units, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any,
earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.15
(subject to increase of up to an additional 0.40 per public share in the event that our sponsor elects to extend the period of time to
consummate a business combination, as described in more detail herein). The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become
subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you
that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.15. While we intend to pay
such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although we will seek to have
all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders,
there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from
bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other
similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect
to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving
such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will
only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement
would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that
refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management
to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable
to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. 

13 

In addition, there is no guarantee
that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts
or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we
are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in
connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived
that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and
to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have
discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.15 per public share
or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due
to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as
to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims
under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the
event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent
of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their
indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. None of our other officers will
indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.15 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust
account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the
amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you
that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be substantially less than 10.15 per share. 

We will seek to reduce the possibility
that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers,
prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity
of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up
to 500,000 from the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement units, with which to pay any such potential claims (including
costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 50,000). 

If we file a bankruptcy petition
or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject
to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over
the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to
return 10.15 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy
court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary
duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by
paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not
be brought against us for these reasons. 

14 

Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the
trust account only upon the earlier of (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public
shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to
modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
by July 4, 2023 (or up to July 4, 2024 if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail
herein) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity and
(iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination by July 4, 2023 (or
up to July 4, 2024 if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail herein), subject
to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In
the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection
with the business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share
of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and
selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter competition from other entities having a business objective
similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking
strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business
combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other
resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent
limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to
pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for
our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably
by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial
business combination. 

Employees 

We currently have two officers.
These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time
as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in
any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the
initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial
business combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial
Information 

We have registered our units,
Common Stock, warrants and rights under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual,
quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial
statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the
prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders to assist them
in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled
to, U.S. GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential targets we may conduct an initial
business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in
accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you
that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements prepared
in accordance with U.S. GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with
the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target
business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

15 

We will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for
the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated
filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures
audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal
controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the
time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. We filed a registration statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily
register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under
the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act
prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures
under this Item. However, for a list of risk factors relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained
in our registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-265447) filed in connection with our IPO. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable. 

Item
2. Properties 

We currently maintain
our principal executive offices at 1178 Broadway, 3 rd Floor, New York, NY 10010. The cost for this space is included in the
 10,000 per month fee that we pay to our sponsor, Qomolangma Investments LLC. We consider our current office space, combined with the
other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

We may be subject
to legal proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not currently a party
to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation
or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results of operations. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not Applicable. 

16 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Our units began to trade
on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, or Nasdaq, under the symbol QOMOU on October 4, 2022. The shares of Common Stock, warrants
and rights comprising the units began separate trading on Nasdaq on November 25, 2022, under the symbols QOMO , QOMOW 
and QOMOR , respectively. 

Holders of Record 

As of December 31, 2022,
there were 6,935,623 of our shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding held by 9 shareholders of record. The number of record holders
was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of shares of Common Stock whose shares are
held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any
cash dividends on our Common Stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain
all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends
in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share
dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive
covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities Authorized
for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered
Securities 

On September 25,
2021, we issued 1,437,500 shares of common stock or founder shares to our sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately
 0.0174 per share. Of the 1,437,500 founder shares that were issued and outstanding, up to 187,500 shares were subject to forfeiture by
the sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is not exercised in full, so that the sponsor would collectively
own 20 of our issued and outstanding shares after the IPO (assuming the sponsor did not purchase any Public Units in the IPO and excluding
the Private Units). As a result of the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option on October 4, 2022, 119,250
of the founder shares were forfeited for no consideration on October 7, 2022 resulting in 1,318,250 founder shares outstanding after the
forfeiture. 

On October 4, 2022, simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, our
sponsor purchased an aggregate of 260,500 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit for an aggregate purchase price
of 2,605,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the over-allotment option, we issued an additional 8,873 Private Units to the sponsor
at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of 88,725. Each Private Unit consists of one private placement share,
one private placement right granting the holder thereof the right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon the consummation
of an initial business combination, and one private placement warrant. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder upon exercise
to purchase one share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. The Private Units (including
the underlying securities) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by it until 30 days after
the completion of our initial business combination. 

Use of Proceeds 

On October 4, 2022, we consummated our IPO consisting of 5,000,000
Units Public Units ). Each Unit consists of one share of our common stock, par value 0.0001 (the Common Stock ),
one redeemable warrant, which is exercisable for one share of Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share, and one right to receive one-tenth
(1/10th) of one share of Common Stock upon the consummation of our initial business combination. We granted Ladenburg Thalmann Co.
Inc. Ladenburg ), the representative of the underwriter, a 45-day option to purchase up to 750,0000 additional Units to
cover over-allotments. 

Simultaneously with
the closing of the IPO, we consummated the private placement (the Private Placement with Qomolangma Investments LLC, our
sponsor, purchasing 260,500 units (the Private Units ), generating total proceeds of 2,605,000. The terms of the Private
Units are identical to the Public Units. Additionally, the sponsor agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Units or
underlying securities (except in limited circumstances, as described in the registration statement) until the completion of our initial
business combination. The sponsor was granted certain demand and piggyback registration rights in connection with the purchase of the
Private Units. 

Simultaneously with the closing, Ladenburg partially exercised its
over-allotment option and the closing of the issuance and sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units occurred on October 7, 2022. The total
issuance by us of 273,000 Over-Allotment Option Units at price of 10.00 per unit, generated gross proceeds of 2,730,000. On October
7, 2022, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units, we consummated the private sale of an additional 8,873 Private
Units generating gross proceeds of 88,725. 

17 

A total of 53,520,950 10.15 per Unit) of the net proceeds from the
sale of Public Units in the IPO (including the Over-Allotment Option Units) and the private placements on October 4, 2022 and October
7, 2022, was placed in a trust account maintained for the benefit of the public shareholders at American Stock Transfer Trust Company,
as a trustee. Except as set forth below, the proceeds held in the trust account will not be released until the earlier of the completion
of our initial business combination and the liquidation due to our failure to complete a business combination within the applicable period
of time. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to the claims of our creditors, if any, which could have priority
over the claims of our public stockholders. In addition, interest income earned on the investments in the trust account may be released
to the Company to pay its income or other tax obligations. With these exceptions, expenses incurred by us may be paid prior to a business
combination only from the net proceeds of the IPO and private placement not held in the trust account. 

We paid a total of 922,775
in underwriting discounts and commissions (not including the 4.00 deferred underwriting commission payable at the consummation of business
combination) and 540,530 for other costs and expenses related to the IPO. 

For a description of
the use of the proceeds generated in our IPO, see below Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K. 

Purchases of Equity
Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item
6. [RESERVED] 

As a smaller reporting
company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

Item 7.
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements
and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements.
Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including
those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report includes
 forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that are not historical
facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All
statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Quarterly Report, including, without limitation, statements in
this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the search for
an initial business combination, the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management
for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, 
 intend, estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify
such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s
current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ
materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to
the Risk Factors section of the Company s final prospectus for its initial public offering filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC ). The Company s filings with the SEC can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s
website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation
to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

18 

Overview 

We are a blank check
company incorporated in Delaware on May 6, 2021. We were formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more target businesses, which we refer
to herein as our initial business combination. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business are not limited to
any particular industry or geographic region, although we intend to pursue target businesses that are strategically significant in the
Asian markets and focus on businesses with a total enterprise value of between 300,000,000 and 500,000,000. We intend to utilize cash
derived from the proceeds of our initial public offering IPO as defined below) and the private placement of Private Units,
our securities, debt or a combination of cash, securities and debt, in effecting our initial business combination. 

We expect to continue
to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete an initial business
combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged
in any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities
and those necessary to prepare for our IPO, which is described below, and subsequent to the IPO, identifying a target company for an
initial business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business
combination. 

We expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest
income on investments held in the trust account after the IPO. We expect that we will incur increased expenses as a result of being a
public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection
with searching for, and completing, a Business Combination. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 134,851,
which consists of loss of approximately 220,601 derived from general and administrative expenses of approximately 174,673, franchise
tax expense of 45,928, income tax expense of 46,115, and deferred income tax expense of 36,164, offset by interest earned on investments
held in the trust account of approximately 265,522. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, there was 351,050 of cash used in operating activities. 

For the period from
May 6, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 3,935, all of which consisted of formation costs. 

Liquidity, Capital
Resources and Going Concern 

On October 4, 2022, we completed our IPO of 5,000,000 units (the Public
Units ), at 10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of 50,000,000. Each Public Unit consisted of one share of common
stock, par value 0.0001, one redeemable warrant and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon the consummation
of an initial business combination. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we completed the sale of 260,500 units (the Private
Units in a private placement, at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating gross proceeds of 2,605,000. 

We granted the underwriters in the IPO a 45-day option to purchase
up to 750,000 additional Public Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On October 4, 2022, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment
option to purchase 273,000 Over-Allotment Option Units at 10.00 per Unit, which closed on October 7, 2022 generating total gross proceeds
of 2,730,000. On October 7, 2022, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units, the Company consummated the private
placement of an additional 8,873 Private Units generating gross proceeds of 88,725. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we issued
Ladenburg Thalmann Co., Inc., the underwriter, 75,000 shares of common stock. 

19 

Following the IPO and the private placement (including the Over-Allotment
Option Units and the Over-Allotment Private Units), a total of 53,520,950 was placed in a trust account located in the United States
established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders (the Trust Account maintained by American Stock
Transfer Trust Company as a trustee and will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less
or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and that invest
only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. 

We intend to use substantially
all of the net proceeds of the IPO and the private placement, including the funds held in the Trust Account, in connection with our initial
business combination and to pay our expenses relating thereto, including deferred underwriting discounts and commissions payable to the
underwriters in the IPO in an amount equal to 4.0 of the total gross proceeds raised in the IPO upon consummation of our initial business
combination. To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect our initial business combination,
the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account as well as any other net proceeds not expended will be used as working capital to finance
the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding
the target business operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products.
Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses or finders fees which we had incurred prior to the completion of
our initial business combination if the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account were insufficient to cover such expenses. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 196,510 of cash held outside
its trust account and a working capital of 152,362 (excluding income tax and franchise tax payable). On March 22, 2023, the Sponsor loaned
the Company 200,000, to be used, in part, for transaction costs related to the Business Combination. The Company has until July 4,
2023 (or up to July 4, 2024 if the time to complete a business combination is extended as described herein) to consummate a Business Combination.
It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated
by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. 

The Company expects to continue to incur significant
professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of the consummation of
a Business Combination. The Company may need to obtain additional financing either to complete its Business Combination or because it
becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of public shares upon consummation of its Business Combination, in which case the Company
may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities
laws, the Company would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our Business Combination. If the Company is
unable to complete its Business Combination because it does not have sufficient funds available, it will be forced to cease operations
and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following the Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, the Company may need
to obtain additional financing in order to meet its obligations. 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern , management has determined
that these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, if the Company
is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company s board of directors would proceed to commence
a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate
a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. As a result, management has determined that such additional condition
also raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statement does not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered
off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

20 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than described below. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

We have entered into an administrative services
agreement pursuant to which we will pay the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month (subject to deferral as described herein) for office
space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation,
we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founder shares, private placement units, and units
that may be issued on conversion of working capital loans (and any securities underlying the private placement units and the working capital
loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on the effective date of the IPO requiring
us to register such securities for resale. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form
demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect
to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register
for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the
filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting Agreement 

Pursuant to an underwriting agreement in connection with the IPO, we
granted Ladenburg Thalmann, the representative of the underwriters, a 45-day option to purchase up to 750,000 additional Units to cover
over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On October 4, 2022, the underwriters partially
exercised the over-allotment option to purchase 273,000 units at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit for an aggregate purchase price
of 2,730,000. 

The underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of 1.75 of
the gross proceeds of the IPO, or 922,775. In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 4.00 of the gross proceeds
of the IPO, or 2,109,200, which will be paid upon the closing of a Business Combination from the amounts held in the Trust Account, subject
to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical Accounting
Policies 

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in
conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the period reported.
Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Common Stock Subject
to Possible Redemption 

We account for our common stock subject to possible conversion in accordance
with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 
Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable
common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption
upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock
is classified as stockholders equity. Our common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of
our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, common stock subject to possible redemption is presented
at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of our balance sheets. We made a policy election
in accordance with ASC 480-10-S99-3A and recognizes changes in redemption value in accumulated deficit over an expected 9-month period
leading up to a Business Combination. 

21 

Warrants 

The Company accounts for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified
instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting
Standards Board Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and
Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to
ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity
classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s own ordinary shares and whether the
warrant holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Company s control,
among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the
time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. Consequently, the Company
accounts for warrants as equity-classified instruments. 

For issued or modified warrants that meet all
of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at the
time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required
to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated
fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. 

Net Income (Loss)
Per Share 

The Company complies
with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. In order to determine the net income (loss) attributable
to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares, the Company first considered the undistributed income (loss) allocable to both
the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares and the undistributed income (loss) is calculated using the total net loss less any dividends
paid. We then allocated the undistributed income (loss) ratably based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding between the
redeemable and non-redeemable shares. Any re-measurement of the accretion to redemption value of the common shares subject to possible
redemption was considered to be dividends paid to the public shareholders. 

Offering Costs 

Offering costs were
consisting principally of underwriting, legal, accounting and other expenses incurred through the balance sheet date that are related
to the IPO and were charged to stockholders equity upon the completion of the IPO. The Company allocates offering costs between
public shares, public warrants and public rights based on the relative fair values of public shares, public warrants and public rights. 

Recent accounting
pronouncements 

In August 2020, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s
Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates
the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies
the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard
also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s
own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all
convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2024 for the Company and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective
basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06
would have on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Management does not
believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on the Company s financial statement. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

As a smaller reporting
company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

22 

Item
 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This information appears
following Item 15 of this report and is included herein by reference. 

Item
 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

Based on information provided by Friedman LLP Friedman ), our independent registered public accounting firm, effective September 1, 2022, Friedman combined with Marcum
LLP Marcum and continued to operate as an independent registered public accounting firm. Friedman continued to serve as
our independent registered public accounting firm through October 19, 2022. On October 18, 2022, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors
of the company dismissed Friedman and engaged Marcum to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ended
December 31, 2022. The services previously provided by Friedman are now provided by Marcum. 

Friedman s reports on the company s
financial statements for the period from May 6, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 (the Audit Report did not contain
an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles,
except that the Audit Report contained an uncertainty about the company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

During the period from May 6, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, and the subsequent interim period through October 19, 2022, there were no disagreements with Friedman on any
matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if
not resolved to the satisfaction of Friedman, would have caused Friedman to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreements
in connection with its reports on the company s financial statements for such years. Also during this time, there were no reportable
events, as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

On October 19, 2022, we engaged Marcum as our independent registered
public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, effective immediately. During the period from May 6, 2021 (inception)
through October 19, 2022, neither the company nor anyone on its behalf consulted with Marcum regarding (i) the application of accounting
principles to any specified transaction, either completed or proposed or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the company s
financial statements, and neither a written report nor oral advice was provided to the company that Marcum concluded was an important
factor considered by the company in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing, or financial reporting issue, or (ii) any matter
that was either the subject of a disagreement, as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K, or a reportable
event, as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

Item
9A . Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act. Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that during the period covered by
this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Changes in Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

During the quarter ended
December 31, 2022, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our independent
registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during
the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 

I tem
9B. Other information . 

None. 

I tem
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

23 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The following table sets forth
information about our directors and executive officers. 

Name 
 
 Age 1 
 
 Position 
 
 Jonathan P. Myers 
 
 59 
 
 Chairman, President and Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 Hao Shen 
 
 51 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Jialuan Ma 
 
 49 
 
 Director 
 
 Yong Seog Jung 
 
 58 
 
 Director 
 
 Lin Shi 
 
 40 
 
 Director 

Below is a summary of the business experience
of each of our executive officers and directors: 

Jonathan P. Myers 
has been Chairman of our Board of Directors and our President and Chief Executive Officer since August 2021. He has served as a
partner with responsibility for cross border corporate development and transactions at Ventac Partners, which focuses on ventures in
life sciences, since 2008. From May 2001 to March 2006, he served as director of business development at Pain Therapeutics,
Inc., which later was renamed Cassava Sciences. Mr. Myers received his MBA from Rotterdam School of Management Erasmus University
in 1994. We believe Mr. Myers is well qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive experience in business development
and corporate finance in various industries and nations. 

Hao Shen has
been our Chief Financial Officer and a member of our Board of Directors since August 2021. He has served as an independent director
at NCH Huayang since August 2013. His responsibilities cover corporate governance and strategic development. In addition, he also
has served as the founder and managing director of Shanghai Zhaohui Network Technology Co., Ltd since December 2014 and an independent
director and member of the nomination and compensation committees at Renrui HR (HKG: 6919) since December 2019. From November 2010
to July 2013, he served as the managing director at H Q Asia Pacific Investment. Mr. Shen received his B.A. degree from
Gustavus Adolphus College in 1995 and Master of Education from Harvard University in 1997. We believe Mr. Shen is well qualified to serve
on our board of directors because of his extensive operational, management and financial experience, as well as his contacts and relationships. 

Jialuan Ma has served
as an independent director on our Board of Directors since August 2021. Ms. Ma has extensive experience relating to financial management
and as a director. She is also a certified investment management analyst, since 1998. She served as the financial director for Roche
Pharma China in Shanghai from August 2019 to April 2021. From December 2017 to August 2018, she served as global
financial director for Lenovo. From November 2014 to November 2017, she served as finance director of mainland China and Taiwan
at Hitachi Vantara China. From September 2013 to March 2014, she served as central FP A controller for Schneider Electric
Greater China. She received her undergraduate degree in English and Economics from Shanghai Jiao Tong University in 1991, an MBA from
Richmond Business School in 1998 and a Master of Science from City University of Hong Kong in 2013. We believe Ms. Ma is well qualified
to serve on our board of directors because of her extensive financial and management experience, as well as her contacts and relationships. 

Yong Seog Jung 
has served as an independent director on our Board of Directors since August 2021. Mr. Jung has an extensive multi-national
investment and consulting background. He has served as the chief executive officer of Hochang Business Consulting Co., Ltd since March 2017.
From January 2014 to January 2017, he served as vice general manager and head of the Korea department at Shanghai Choki International.
From January 2011 to December 2013, he served as the chief representative of the Shanghai office of Hanwha Investment 
Securities Co., Ltd, one of the biggest investment groups in Korea. From July 2010 to December 2010, he served as the chief
executive officer of Hanwha (Shanghai) Investment Consulting Co, Ltd. From July 2004 to July 2010, he served as
the general manager of Hanwha Investment Securities Co. Mr. Jung received a B.A. degree in Business Administration from Feng Chia
University in 1990. We believe Mr. Jung is well qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive experience in multi-national
investments and consulting, as well as his contacts and relationships. 

1 Confirm the age of each director and officer. 

24 

Lin Shi has served as
an independent director on our Board of Directors since August 2021. He has a professional and academic background in neurosurgery.
He has served as associate senior neurosurgeon in the department of neurosurgery at Beijing Tiantan Hospital since December 2019.
From December 2017 to November 2019, he served as attending neurosurgeon in the department of neurosurgery at Beijing Tiantan
Hospital. From December 2017 to December 2018, he was a visiting scholar at Stanford University s Center for Neurological
Disorders and Neuroscience. Mr. Shi received his Ph.D. in Neurosurgery from Capital Medical University in 2015, an M.D. of Clinical
Medicine from Harbin Medical University in 2009 and an M.M. in Clinical Medicine from Harbin Medical University in 2009. We believe Mr.
Shi is well qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive professional and academic experience in neurosurgery. 

Number, Terms of Office and Election of
Officers and Directors 

Our Board of Directors consists
of five (5) members. Each of our directors will hold office for a two-year term. Subject to any other special rights applicable
to the stockholders, any vacancies on our Board of Directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present
and voting at the meeting of our board or by a majority of the holders of our founder shares. 

Our officers are elected by
the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our Board of
Directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our
officers may consist of a Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Assistant
Secretaries, Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the Board of Directors. 

Director Independence 

The Nasdaq listing standards
require that a majority of our Board of Directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person
who has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization
that has a relationship with the company). We have three independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards
and applicable SEC rules. Our board has determined that each of Messrs. Yong Seog Jung, Lin Shi and Ms. Jialuan Ma are independent directors
under applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules. Following the completion of our initial public offering, our independent directors will have regularly
scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our Board of Directors has three standing committees: an audit committee,
a compensation committee and a nominating committee. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board and will
have the composition and responsibilities described below. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3
of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq
rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit
committee of the Board of Directors. The members of our audit committee are Messrs. Yong Seog Jung, Lin Shi and Jialuan Ma, each of whom
is an independent director under Nasdaq listing rules. Jialuan Ma serves as chairman of the audit committee. 

Each member of the audit committee
is financially literate and our Board of Directors has determined that Jialuan Ma qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

25 

We have adopted an audit committee
charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation, retention,
 replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent
 registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and non-audit
 services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting
 firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing and discussing with the
 independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their
 continued independence; 

setting clear hiring policies for
 employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting clear policies for audit
 partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report,
 at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor s
 internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most
 recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry
 or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within, the preceding five years
 respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to
 deal with such issues; 

reviewing and approving any related
 party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K
 promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent
 auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters,
 including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints
 or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting
 policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the
 Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation
committee of the Board of Directors. The members of our Compensation Committee are Messrs. Yong Seog Jung, Lin Shi and Jialuan Ma, each
of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq listing rules. Jialuan Ma serves as chairman of the compensation committee. We have adopted
a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual
 basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s
 compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such
 goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief
 Executive Officer s based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation
 of all of our other officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation
 policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our
 incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying
 with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites,
 special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers
 and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation
 to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending
 changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

26 

The charter also provides that
the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other
adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before
engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee
will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Nominating Committee 

We have established a nominating
committee of the board of directors, which consists of Messrs. Yong Seog Jung, Lin Shi and Jialuan Ma, each of whom is an independent
director under Nasdaq listing rules. Jialuan Ma serves as chairman of the nominating committee. The nominating committee is responsible
for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons
identified by its members, management, stockholders, investment bankers and others. 

Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees 

The guidelines for selecting
nominees, which are specified in the Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should have demonstrated notable
 or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should possess the requisite intelligence,
 education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and
 bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should have the highest ethical standards,
 a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the
 stockholders. 

The Nominating Committee will
consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in
evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or
attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider
the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not
distinguish among nominees recommended by stockholders and other persons. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

None of our officers currently
serves, and in the past year has not served, (i) as a member of the compensation committee or Board of Directors of another entity,
one of whose executive officers served on our compensation committee, or (ii) as a member of the compensation committee of another
entity, one of whose executive officers served on our Board of Directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics
applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our form of Code of Ethics and our audit committee, Compensation
Committee and nominating Committee Charters as exhibits to this report. You will be able to review these documents by accessing our public
filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge
upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report
on Form 8-K. 

27 

Conflicts of Interest 

Each of our directors and officers
presently has, and in the future any of our directors and our officers may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other
entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present acquisition opportunities to such entity. Accordingly,
subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Delaware law, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an acquisition opportunity
which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will need to honor
his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such acquisition opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if
such entity rejects the opportunity. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, subject to his or her fiduciary
duties under Delaware law, we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any officer or director unless such opportunity
is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one
we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. We do not believe, however,
that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers would materially undermine our ability to complete
our business combination. 

Potential investors should
also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers or directors
 is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts
 of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

In the course of their other business
 activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities
 which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which
 they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which
 entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption
rights with respect to our founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with the consummation of our initial
business combination. Additionally, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their
founder shares and private placement shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 9 months from the closing
of the IPO (or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination,
as described in more detail herein). If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds
of the sale of the private placement units held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the
private placement units and underlying securities will be worthless. With certain limited exceptions, 50 of the founder shares will not
be transferable, assignable or salable by our sponsor until the earlier of (i) six months after the date of the consummation
of our initial business combination or (ii) the date on which the closing price of our shares of common stock equals or exceeds 12.50
per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any
30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and the remaining 50 of the founder shares may not be transferred,
assigned or sold until six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either case,
if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction
which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property.
With certain limited exceptions, the private placement units and underlying securities will not be transferable, assignable or salable
by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our sponsor and officers and directors
may directly or indirectly own shares of common stock, rights and warrants following the IPO, our officers and directors may have a conflict
of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business
combination. 

Our officers and directors may have
 a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the
 retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business
 as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

28 

The conflicts described above
may not be resolved in our favor. 

Accordingly, as a result of
multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities
meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our officers and directors
currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: 

Name
 of Individual 

Entity 

Entity s
 Business 

Affiliation 
 
 Jonathan P. Myers 
 
 Ventac Partners 
 
 Consulting 
 
 Partner 
 
 Hao Shen 
 
 NCH Huayang 
 
 Industry Solutions 
 
 Director 

Shanghai Zhaohui Network
 Technology Co., Ltd 
 
 IT Solutions 
 
 Founder Managing
 Director 

Renrui HR 
 
 HR Solutions 
 
 Director 
 
 Jialuan Ma 

Yong Seog Jung 
 
 Hochang Business Consulting
 Co., Ltd 
 
 Consulting 
 
 CEO 
 
 Lin Shi 
 
 Beijing Tiantan Hospital 
 
 Medical Hospital 
 
 Associate Senior Neurosurgeon 

Accordingly, if any of the
above officers or directors become aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities to which
he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity, subject
to his or her fiduciary duties under Delaware law. We do not believe, however, that any of the foregoing fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination, because the specific focuses of a majority
of these entities differ from our focus and the type or size of the transaction that such companies would most likely consider are of
a size and nature substantially different than what we are targeting. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek
to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company
we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm, that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a
financial point of view. 

In the event that we submit
our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to
the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote any founder shares and private placement shares held by them (and their
permitted transferees will agree) and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial
business combination. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of
the Exchange Act requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our
equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our shares of Common
Stock and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation
to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. 

Based solely on our review
of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we are not aware of any late Section 16(a) filings
by our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners during the year ended December 31, 2022, except for one late
Form 3 report filed by each of Jonathan P. Myers, Hao Shen, Jialuan Ma, Lin Shi, Yong Seog Jung, Guojian Zhang and Qomolangma Investments
LLC. 

29 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

Employment Agreements 

We have not entered
into any employment agreements with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon termination of employment. 

Executive Officers
and Director Compensation 

No executive officer
has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us and no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other
similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior
to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. However, such individuals will
be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target
businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of these out-of-pocket expenses
and there will be no review of the reasonableness of the expenses by anyone other than our board of directors and Audit Committee, which
includes persons who may seek reimbursement, or a court of competent jurisdiction if such reimbursement is challenged. 

I tem
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets
forth as of March 31, 2023 the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by (i) each person who is known by us to be the
beneficial owner of more than five percent of our issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock (ii) each of our officers and directors;
and (iii) all of our officers and directors as a group. As of March 31, 2023, we had 6,935,623 shares of Common Stock issued and
outstanding. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the
table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by them. The following
table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants or the Rights,
as the Warrants and the Rights are not convertible within 60 days of March 31, 2023. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) 
 Amount and 
 Nature of 
 Beneficial 
 Ownership 
 Approximate 
 Percentage of 
 Outstanding 
 Shares of 
 Common Stock 
 
 Qomolangma Investments LLC(2) 
 1,410,500 
 21.50 
 
 Jonathan Myers 
 20,000 

Hao Shen 
 15,000 

Jialuan Ma 
 15,000 

Yong Seog Jung 
 12,500 

Lin Shi 
 12,500 

All directors and officers as a group (5 individuals) 
 75,000 
 1.14 

Less than 1 

(1) Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each
of the individuals is 1178 Broadway, 3 rd Floor, New York, NY 10001. 

(2) Our sponsor is the record holder of such shares. The address
for our sponsor is 1178 Broadway, 3 rd Floor, New York, NY 10001. Guojian Zhang exercises voting and investment
control over the securities held by our sponsor. Mr. Zhang is a resident of China. 

30 

Transfers of Founder Shares and Private
Placement Units 

The founder shares, private
placement units and any underlying securities are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the letter
agreement with us entered into by our sponsor. Those lock-up provisions provide that such securities are not transferable or salable
(i) in the case of (A) 50 of the founder shares, until the earlier of (x) six months after the date of the consummation
of our initial business combination or (z) the date on which the closing price of our shares of common stock equals or exceeds 12.50
per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within
any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and (B) the remaining 50 of the founder shares
may not be transferred, assigned or sold until six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination,
or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock
exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock
for cash, securities or other property, and (ii) in the case of the private placement units and the underlying securities, until
30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, except in each case (a) to our sponsor s officers or
directors, any affiliates or family members of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, any members of our sponsor, or any affiliates
of our sponsor, (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of the individual s immediate family or to a trust,
the beneficiary of which is a member of the individual s immediate family or an affiliate of such person, or to a charitable organization;
(c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case
of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) in the event of our liquidation prior to our completion
of our initial business combination; or (f) by virtue of the laws of the State of Delaware or our sponsor s organizational
or governing documents upon dissolution of our sponsor; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (f) these
permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and by the same agreements
entered into by our sponsor with respect to such securities (including provisions relating to voting, the trust account and liquidation
distributions described elsewhere in this report). 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founder
shares, private placement units, and units that may be issued on conversion of working capital loans (and any securities underlying the
private placement units and the working capital loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement
signed on the effective date of the IPO requiring us to register such securities for resale. The holders of these securities are entitled
to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and
rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We will bear the expenses
incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 

On September 25, 2021, we issued 1,437,500 shares of common stock
or founder shares to our sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.0174 per share. Of the 1,437,500 founder
shares that were issued and outstanding, up to 187,500 shares were subject to forfeiture by the sponsor to the extent that the underwriters 
over-allotment is not exercised in full, so that the sponsor would collectively own 20 of our issued and outstanding shares after the
IPO (assuming the sponsor did not purchase any Public Units in the IPO and excluding the Private Units). As a result of the underwriters 
partial exercise of their over-allotment option on October 4, 2022, 119,250 founder shares were forfeited for no consideration on October
7, 2022 resulting in 1,318,250 founder shares outstanding after the forfeiture. 

On October 4, 2022, simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 260,500 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit
for an aggregate purchase price of 2,605,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the over-allotment option, we issued an additional
8,873 Private Units to the sponsor at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of 88,725. Each Private Unit consists
of one private placement share, one private placement right granting the holder thereof the right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share
of common stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination, and one private placement warrant. Each private placement warrant
entitles the holder upon exercise to purchase one share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided
herein. The Private Units (including the underlying securities) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned
or sold by it until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

31 

If any of our officers or directors
becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current
fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior
to presenting such business combination opportunity to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Delaware law. Our officers and
directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

We entered into an Administrative
Services Agreement with our sponsor, pursuant to which we will pay a total of 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and
support services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Accordingly,
in the event the consummation of our initial business combination takes the maximum 21 months, our sponsor will be paid a total
of 210,000 10,000 per month) for office space, administrative and support services and will be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors,
or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our
behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee
will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will
determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

On September 5, 2021, our sponsor
agreed to loan us up to 200,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. As of September 30, 2022, 200,000 was outstanding
under the promissory note with our sponsor. We repaid the outstanding balance of 200,000 to our sponsor on October 7, 2022. 

In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain
of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination,
we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working
capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment.
Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units at a price of 10.00 per unit (which, for example, would result in the holders
being issued 165,000 shares of common stock if 1,500,000 of notes were so converted (including 15,000 shares upon the closing of our
initial business combination in respect of 150,000 rights included in such units), as well as 150,000 warrants to purchase 150,000
shares) at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the private placement units issued to our sponsor. The terms of
such loans by our sponsor, affiliate of our sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no
written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate
of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights
to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company
with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation
materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of
distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination,
as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

We have entered into a registration
rights agreement with respect to the founder shares, private placement units and units issued upon conversion of working capital loans
(if any), and the securities underlying the private placement units and the working capital loans (if any). 

32 

Related Party Policy 

Our code of ethics requires
us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our Board of Directors
(or the audit committee). Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement
or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving us. 

Our audit committee, pursuant
to a written charter, will be responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such
transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present
will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute
a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a
related party transaction. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers 
questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These procedures are intended
to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on
the part of a director, employee or officer. 

To further minimize conflicts
of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor,
officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent
accounting firm, that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder s
fees, reimbursements or cash payments will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, for services rendered
to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

Our audit committee will review
on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 

Nasdaq listing standards
require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. For a description of the director independence, see above Part III,
Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The following is a summary
of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP Marcum and Friedman LLP Friedman ), prior to the acquisition of
certain assets of Friedman by Marcum effective September 1, 2022, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered
for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Friedman and Marcum in connection with regulatory
filings. The aggregate fees billed by Friedman and Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements,
review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for
the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 6, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled 87,750 and 25,000,
respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings and professional
services rendered in connection with the IPO. 

33 

Audit-Related Fees .
Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit
or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that
are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum
for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from
May 6, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Tax Fees . We did
not pay Friedman or Marcum for tax return services, planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from
May 6, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

All Other Fees .
We did not pay Friedman or Marcum for other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 6, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2022. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our Audit Committee
was formed upon the consummation of our IPO. As a result, the Audit Committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although
any services rendered prior to the formation of our Audit Committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our
Audit Committee, and on a going-forward basis, the Audit Committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit
services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit
services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the Audit Committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

34 

PART IV 

Item 15.
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual
Report: 

(1) Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Marcum LLP
(PCAOB ID # 688) 
 F-2 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Friedman
LLP (PCAOB ID # 711) 
 F-3 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-6 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-8 

(2) Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this Annual Report
the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Form of Underwriting Agreement between Registrant and Ladenburg Thalmann Co., Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 

35 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Specimen Right Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant Agreement between American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022) . 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form of Rights Agreement between American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022) . 

4.7 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities. 

5.1 
 
 Opinion of Kramer Levin Naftalis Frankel LLP, counsel to the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 5.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of September 5, 2021 issued to Qomolangma Investments LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Letter Agreement among the Registrant, and its officers, directors and Qomolangma Investments LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Investment Management Trust Agreement between American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement between the Registrant and certain security holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated September 25, 2021 between the Registrant and Qomolangma Investments LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated September 25, 2021 between the Registrant and Jonathan Myers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated September 25, 2021 between the Registrant and Hao Shen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated September 25, 2021 between the Registrant and Jialuan Ma (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated September 25, 2021 between the Registrant and Yong Seog Jung (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated September 25, 2021 between the Registrant and Lin Shi (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and Qomolangma Investments LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 

36 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022) . 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Administrative Services Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Qomolangma Investments LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 
 
 14 
 
 Form of Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Friedman LLP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 23.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 
 
 23.2 
 
 Consent of Kramer Levin Naftalis Frankel LLP (included on Exhibit 5.1) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 23.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

99.1 
 
 Form of Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 
 
 99.2 
 
 Form of Compensation Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 
 
 99.3 
 
 Form of Nominating Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022). 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

Item
 16. F orm 10-K Summary 

Not Applicable. 

37 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

Qomolangma Acquisition Corp. 

By: 
 /s/ Jonathan P. Myers 

Name: 
 Jonathan P. Myers 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: April 7, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Act of 1933, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jonathan P. Myers 

Jonathan P. Myers 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Hao Shen 

Hao Shen 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 7, 2023 

(Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

/s/ Jialuan Ma 

Jialuan Ma 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 

/s/ Yong Seog Jung 

Yong Seog Jung 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 

/s/ Lin Shi 

Lin Shi 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 

38 

QOMOLANGMA ACQUISITION CORP. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page(s) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Marcum LLP (PCAOB ID # F-2 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Friedman LLP (PCAOB ID # 711) F-3 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets F-4 Statements of Operations F-5 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity F-6 Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

Qomolangma Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Qomolangma Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related statements of operations, changes in
stockholders equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31,
2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has a
significant working capital deficiency and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. If
the Company does not complete a business combination by July 4, 2023 (or July 4, 2024, if the Company extends the period of time to
complete a business combination), it will be required to cease all operations, except for the purpose of winding up. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these
matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2021 (such date takes into account the acquisition of certain assets of Friedman LLP by Marcum LLP effective September 1, 2022). 

Costa Mesa, CA 
 April 7, 2023 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Qomolangma Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Qomolangma Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2021 and the related statements of operations, changes
in stockholders equity and cash flows for the period from May 6, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the period from May 6, 2021 (inception date) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, its business
plan is dependent on the completion of a financing and the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2021 are not sufficient
to complete its planned activities. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Notes 1 and 3. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Friedman LLP 

We served as the Company s auditor from
2021 through 2022. 

March 22, 2022 

F- 3 

QOMOLANGMA ACQUISITION CORP. 
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Deferred offering costs 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Temporary Equity, and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Due to related party 

Promissory note - related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred tax liability 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at redemption value 

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; (excluding 5,273,000 shares subject to possible redemption) and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 1 , respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings (Accumulated deficit) 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities, Temporary Equity, and Stockholders Equity 

1 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 4 

QOMOLANGMA
ACQUISITION CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the year 
 ended 
 December 31, 
 For the 
 period from 
 May 6, 2021 
 (inception) 
 through 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

General and administrative expenses 

Franchise tax expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income taxes provision 

Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, redeemable common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share, redeemable common stock

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, non-redeemable common stock

(1) 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, non-redeemable common stock

1 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 5 

QOMOLANGMA
ACQUISITION CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

For the year ended December 31,
2022 

Common stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Retained Earnings (Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit) 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2022 

Sale of public units in initial public offering 

Sale of private placement units 

Forfeiture of founder shares 

Issuance of representative shares 

Underwriter commissions 

Offering costs 

Reclassification of common stock subject to redemption 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

For the period from May 6, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of May 6, 2021 (inception) 

Issuance of founder shares 1 

Net loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

1 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 6 

QOMOLANGMA
ACQUISITION CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the year 
 ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 For the 
 period from 
 May 6, 2021 
 (inception) 
 through 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Deferred tax 

Changes in current assets and current liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchase of investments held in Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of founder shares to the initial stockholders 

Proceeds from sale of public units through public offering 

Proceeds from sale of private placement units 

Advance from related party 

Proceeds from issuance of promissory note to related party 

Repayment of promissory note to related party 

Payment of underwriters commissions 

Payment of deferred offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of the period 

Cash, end of the period 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities 

Initial classification of common stock subject to redemption 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Accretion of Common stock to redemption value 

Public offering costs included in accrued expenses 

Interest paid 

Income tax paid 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 7 

QOMOLANGMA ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and . 

units at an offering price
of per unit (the Public Units ), generating gross proceeds of . Simultaneously with the closing of the
IPO, the Company sold to the Sponsor, in a private placement, units, at per unit (the Private Units ), generating
total gross proceeds of . 

,
consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees (payable only upon completion of a Business Combination)
and of other offering costs. 

additional Public Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On October 4, 2022, the underwriter partially exercised
the over-allotment option and purchased Public Units at a price of per Public Unit on October 7, 2022, generating gross
proceeds of . Simultaneously with the closing of the over-allotment option, the Company consummated the private placement of
an additional Private Units generating gross proceeds of . 

per Unit) of the net proceeds from the
sale of Units in the IPO (including the Over-Allotment Option Units) and the private placements on October 4, 2022 and October 7, 2022,
was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account maintained by American Stock Transfer Trust Company as a trustee
and are invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), and that invest only
in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. These funds will not be released until the earlier of the completion of the initial Business
Combination and the liquidation due to the Company s failure to complete a Business Combination within the applicable period of
time. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could
have priority over the claims of the Company s public stockholders. In addition, interest income earned on investments held in the
Trust Account may be released to the Company to pay its income or other tax obligations. With these exceptions, expenses incurred by the
Company may be paid prior to a Business Combination only from the net proceeds of the IPO and private placement not held in the Trust
Account. 

of the value of the funds in the Trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on the
income earned on the Trust Account), which the Company refers to as the 80 test, at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement
for its initial Business Combination, although the Company may structure a Business Combination with one or more target businesses whose
fair market value significantly exceeds 80 of the trust account balance. If the Company is no longer listed on Nasdaq, it will not be
required to satisfy the 80 test. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires
 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for
it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

F- 8 

per Public Share, plus any pro
rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its franchise and income
tax obligations). 

upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks
stockholder approval, a majority of the shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder
vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company
will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ),
conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and
file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction
is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem
shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally,
each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction.
If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor and any of the Company s
officers or directors that may hold Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) (the Initial Stockholders and the underwriters
have agreed (a) to vote their Founder Shares, Private Shares (as defined in Note 4), and any Public Shares purchased during
or after the IPO in favor of approving a Business Combination and (b) not to convert any shares (including the Founder Shares) in
connection with a stockholder vote to approve, or sell the shares to the Company in any tender offer in connection with, a proposed Business
Combination. 

of its Public Shares if the
Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their
Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

F- 9 

. 

per Public Share, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a valid
and enforceable agreement with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held
in the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event
that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any
liability for such third party claims. 

of cash held outside
its trust account and a working capital of (excluding income tax and franchise tax payable as the taxes are paid out of the Trust
Account). On March 22, 2023, the Sponsor loaned the Company , to be used, in part, for transaction costs related to the Business
Combination. The Company has until July 4, 2023 (unless the Company extends the time to complete a Business Combination) to consummate
a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business
Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. 

F- 10 

excise
tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations and certain domestic
subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders
from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at
the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair
market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition,
certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. The IR Act applies only to
repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. 

F- 11 

and in
cash and none in cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

consisting principally of underwriting, legal, accounting and
other expenses that are directly related to the IPO and charged to stockholders equity upon the completion of the IPO on October
4, 2022. 

F- 12 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Net loss including accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common stock

. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management
believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

F- 13 

total accretion of redeemable common stock to redemption value. 

F- 14 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to public warrants 

Proceeds allocated to public rights 

Allocation of offering costs related to redeemable shares 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption 

Units at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day
option to purchase up to additional Public Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On October 7, 2022, the underwriter partially
exercised the over-allotment option and purchased Public Units at a price of per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds
of . Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at
a price of per share, subject to adjustment. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of 30 days following the
completion of the Company s initial Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the IPO, and will expire after
the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

Public Shares sold as part
of the Public Units in the IPO (including over-allotment units) contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public
Shares if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments
to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or in connection with the Company s liquidation. In accordance
with the SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions
not solely within the control of the Company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. 

Private Units at a price of per Private Unit for an aggregate purchase price of in a private
placement. Simultaneously with the closing of the over-allotment option, the Company consummated the sale of an additional Private
Units with the Sponsor at a price of per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of . Each Private Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of per share, subject to
adjustment. The Private Warrants will be identical to the Public Warrants except that the Private Warrants and the shares of common stock
issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of a Business
Combination. The net proceeds from the Private Units were added to the proceeds from the IPO to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company
does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Units will be used to
fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law), and the Private Units and all underlying securities
will expire worthless. 

F- 15 

shares of common stock to the Initial Stockholders (the Founder Shares for an aggregated consideration of ,
or approximately per share. 

Founder Shares to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is not exercised in full, so that the Initial Stockholders will
collectively own of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the IPO (assuming the Initial Stockholders do not purchase
any Public Shares in the IPO and excluding the Private Units). As a result of the underwriter s partial exercise of the over-allotment
option on October 4, 2022, shares of the Founder Shares were forfeited for no consideration on October 7, 2022 resulting in 
Founder Shares outstanding after the forfeiture. 

of the Founder Shares,
the earlier of six months after the consummation of a Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of the common
stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like)
for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing after a Business Combination and, with respect to the
remaining of the Founder Shares, until the six months after the consummation of a Business Combination, or earlier, in either
case, if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction
which results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities
or other property. 

to be used, in part, for transaction costs incurred in connection with the IPO
(the Promissory Note ). The Promissory Note is unsecured, interest-free and due on the closing of the IPO. The Company repaid
the outstanding balance of to the Sponsor on October 7, 2022. 

from the Sponsor
at the closing of IPO to finance transaction costs in connection with searching for a target business. On October 7, the Sponsor converted
the outstanding balance of to the Promissory Note. The Promissory Note is unsecured, interest-free and due on the earlier of
June 29, 2023 or the date the Company consummates a business combination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 155,025 and were
outstanding under the Promissory Note, respectively. 

, to be used, in part, for transaction costs related to the Business Combination. 

of such loans may be convertible
into units at a price of per unit at the option of the lender. The terms of such related party loans, if any, have not been determined
and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. 

per month for office space, administrative and support services. The monthly
fees will be ceased upon completion of an initial Business Combination or liquidation. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period
from May 6, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and none , respectively, in fees for these services, of
which and none are included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 16 

additional Units to
cover over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On October 4, 2022, the underwriters
partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase units which was closed on October 7, 2022, generating gross proceeds
to the Company of . 

of
the gross proceeds of the IPO, or . In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of of the gross proceeds
of the IPO, or , which will be paid upon the closing of a Business Combination from the amounts held in the Trust Account, subject
to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

shares of common stock
with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2021, there
were shares of common stock issued and outstanding, of which an aggregate of up to Founder Shares are subject to forfeiture
to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is not exercised in full, so that the Initial Stockholders will collectively
own of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the IPO (assuming the Initial Stockholders do not purchase any Public
Shares in the IPO and excluding the Private Units). As a result of the underwriter s partial exercise of the over-allotment option
on October 4, 2022, shares of the Founder Shares were forfeited for no consideration on October 7, 2022. As of December 31, 2022,
there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption). 

F- 17 

per share, subject to
adjustment as described in this prospectus. The warrants will become exercisable on the later 30 days following the completion
of an initial Business Combination and 12 months from the date of this prospectus. The Company has agreed that as soon as
practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of a Business Combination, the Company will use
its best efforts to file, and within 60 business days following a Business Combination to have declared effective, a
registration statement covering the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a
registration statement covering the issuance of the common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective
within a specified period following the closing of the Company s initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such
time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an
effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under
the Securities Act. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a
cashless basis. The warrants will expire five years from the closing of the Company s initial Business Combination at
5:00 p.m., New York City time or earlier upon redemption. 

F- 18 

Unrealized gain on investment held in Trust Account 

Net deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liability, net of allowance 

Deferred 

State 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

F- 19 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 
 16,9

and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the
period from May 6, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, respectively. 

, to be used,
in part, for transaction costs related to the Business Combination. The Promissory Notes are unsecured, interest-free and due earlier
of June 29, 2023 or the date the Company consummates a business combination. 

F- 20 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-7_qomolangma.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.7 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, we are authorized to issue 16,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares
of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. The following description summarizes the material terms of our shares as set out more
particularly in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all
the information that is important to you. 

Units 

At our initial public offering IPO ),
each unit had an offering price of 10.00 and consisted of one share of common stock, one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a
share of common stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof
to purchase one share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described herein. 

The shares of common stock, rights and warrants
comprising the units began separate trading on November 25, 2022. Since the shares of common stock, rights and warrants commenced separate
trading, holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to
have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into shares of common stock, rights and warrants. 

Common Stock 

As of March 31, 2023, there were 6,935,623 shares
of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Holders of record of our common stock are entitled
to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders and vote together as a single class, except as required
by law. Unless specified in the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or applicable
stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such
matter voted on by our stockholders. Approval of certain actions will require a resolution, approved by holders of at least 65 of our
shares of common stock who attend and vote in a general meeting, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation; such
actions include amending our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Directors are elected for a term of two years. Our
stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available
therefor. 

Because our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 16,000,000 shares of common stock, if we were to enter into a business combination,
we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of shares of common stock which we are
authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in
connection with our initial business combination. 

In accordance with NASDAQ corporate governance requirements,
we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on NASDAQ. Under
Section 211(b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders
for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a
meeting. It is unlikely that there will be an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial
business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which
requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial
business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance
with Section 211(c) of the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

We will provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued
and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is approximately 10.15 per
public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred
underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with
us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares
and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

If a stockholder vote is not required by law and
we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC
prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require these tender
offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption
rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or
we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem
shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder
approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock voted
are voted in favor of the business combination. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in
privately-negotiated transactions (as described herein), if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination
even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such business combination. For purposes
of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock, non-votes will have no effect on the approval
of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days
nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial
business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business
combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules,
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder
or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the
Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares of common
stock sold in this offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our stockholders 
inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such
stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders
will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business combination. And, as a result,
such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to
sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If we seek stockholder approval in connection with
our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant
to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote any founder shares and private placement shares held by them and any
public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. Additionally, each public stockholder
may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 9 months from the closing of the IPO (or up
to 21 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more
detail herein), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
but no more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of
taxes payable and less up to 50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public
shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive
further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each
case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor,
officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares and private placement shares if we fail to complete our initial
business combination within 9 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend
the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail herein). However, if our sponsor acquires public
shares after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if
we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

- 2 - 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the company after a business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution
to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the shares of
common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the
shares of common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal
to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net
of taxes payable) upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder Shares 

The founder shares are identical to the shares of
common stock included in the units sold in the IPO, and holders of founder shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders,
except that (i) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below and (ii) our
sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their
redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with the completion of
our initial business combination, (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, private placement shares
and public shares held by them in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation (x) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection
with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated our initial business combination
within the timeframe set forth therein or (y) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder
shares and private placement shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 9 months from the closing of the
IPO (or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), although
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within such time period. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for
a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter
agreement entered into with us, to vote any founder shares and private placement shares held by them and any public shares purchased during
or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. 

With certain limited exceptions, 50 of the founder
shares will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our sponsor until the earlier of (i) six months after the date of
the consummation of our initial business combination or (ii) the date on which the closing price of our shares of common stock equals
or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading
days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and the remaining 50 of the founder shares
may not be transferred, assigned or sold until six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination,
or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock
exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock
for cash, securities or other property. 

Preferred Stock 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
authorizes 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued
from time to time in one or more series. Our Board of Directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers,
preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof,
applicable to the shares of each series. Our Board of Directors will be able to, without stockholder approval, issue shares of preferred
stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the shares of common
stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our Board of Directors to issue shares of preferred stock without stockholder
approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We
have no shares of preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred
stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No shares of preferred stock were issued or registered in the IPO. 

- 3 - 

Rights 

If we enter into a definitive agreement for a business
combination in which we will be the surviving entity, each holder of a right will receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of common
stock upon consummation of our initial business combination, even if the holder of such right redeemed all shares of common stock held
by him, her or it in connection with the initial business combination or an amendment to our certificate of incorporation with respect
to our pre-business combination activities. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order
to receive his, her or its additional shares of common stock upon consummation of an initial business combination as the consideration
related thereto has been included in the unit purchase price paid for by investors in the IPO. The shares issuable upon exchange of the
rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of ours). 

If we enter into a definitive agreement for a business
combination in which we will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the
same per share consideration the holders of the shares of common stock will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into shares
of common stock basis, and each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive
the 1/10 share underlying each right (without paying any additional consideration) upon consummation of the business combination.
More specifically, the right holder will be required to indicate his, her or its election to convert the rights into underlying shares
as well as to return the original rights certificates to us. In the event that we are not the surviving entity upon the consummation of
our initial business combination, and there is no effective registration statement for the offering of the shares underlying the rights,
the rights may expire worthless. 

If we are unable to complete an initial business
combination within the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will not receive any
of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from our assets held outside of the trust account with
respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. 

As soon as practicable upon the consummation of
our initial business combination, we will direct registered holders of the rights to return their rights to our rights agent. Upon receipt
of the rights, the rights agent will issue to the registered holder of such right(s) the number of full shares of common stock to
which he, she or it is entitled. We will notify registered holders of the rights to deliver their rights to the rights agent promptly
upon consummation of such business combination and have been informed by the rights agent that the process of exchanging their rights
for shares of common stock should take no more than a matter of days. The foregoing exchange of rights is solely ministerial in nature
and is not intended to provide us with any means of avoiding our obligation to issue the shares underlying the rights upon consummation
of our initial business combination. Other than confirming that the rights delivered by a registered holder are valid, we will have no
ability to avoid delivery of the shares underlying the rights. Nevertheless, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver
securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of an initial business combination. Additionally, in no event will we be required
to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless. 

We will not issue fractional shares in connection
with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance
with the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law. As a result, you must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order
to receive shares for all of your rights upon closing of a business combination. 

- 4 - 

Redeemable Warrants 

Public Warrants 

Each warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase
one share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later
of 12 months from the date of the IPO or 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. The warrants will
expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

We will not be obligated to deliver any shares of
common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement
under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating
thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable
for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless
the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder,
or an exemption is available. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect
to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless.
In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant
will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of common stock underlying such unit. 

We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but
in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file,
and within 60 business days following our initial business combination to have declared effective, a registration statement covering
the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective
and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the
warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective
and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus
relating to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of our initial business combination,
warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to
maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will
not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. 

- 5 - 

Once the warrants become exercisable, we may call
the warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice
of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares
of common stock equal or exceed 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading
day prior to the date we send to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If and when the warrants become redeemable by us,
we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification
under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register
or qualify such shares under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in this
offering. 

We have established the last of the redemption criterion
discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price.
If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to
exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the shares of common stock may fall below
the 18.00 redemption trigger price as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

If we call the warrants for redemption as described
above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his, her or its warrant to do so on a cashless
basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, our management
will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders
of issuing the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. If our management takes advantage
of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of common
stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants,
multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the
fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of common stock for
the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders
of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate
the number of shares of common stock to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such
case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect
of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants
after our initial business combination. 

A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in
the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that
after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual
knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of common stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

If the number of issued and outstanding shares of
common stock is increased by a capitalization payable in shares of common stock, or by a sub-division of shares of common stock or
other similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization, sub-division or similar event, the number of shares of common
stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the issued and outstanding shares of common
stock. A rights offering to holders of shares of common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of common stock at a price less than
the fair market value will be deemed a capitalization of a number of shares of common stock equal to the product of (i) the number
of shares of common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering
that are convertible into or exercisable for shares of common stock) multiplied by (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the
price per share of common stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if
the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of common stock, in determining the price payable for
shares of common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount
payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of shares of common stock
as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of
common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

- 6 - 

In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants
are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of shares of common
stock on account of such shares of common stock (or other shares of common stock into which the warrants are convertible), other than
(a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of shares
of common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of
shares of common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify
the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our shares of common stock if we do not complete our initial business combination
within 9 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time
to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail herein), or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public
shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately
after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each
share of common stock in respect of such event. 

If the number of issued and outstanding shares of
common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification of shares of common stock or other
similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or similar event,
the number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in issued and
outstanding shares of common stock. 

Whenever the number of shares of common stock purchasable
upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant
exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of common
stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be
the number of shares of common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

In case of any reclassification or reorganization
of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such shares
of common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or
merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our issued and
outstanding shares of common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other
property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will
thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu
of our shares of common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby,
the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization,
merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received
if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. 

The warrants are issued in registered form under
a warrant agreement between American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as warrant agent, and us. You should review a copy
of the warrant agreement, which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement for our IPO, for a complete description of the terms
and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent
of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of a majority of the
then issued and outstanding warrants (including private warrants) to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered
holders of warrants. 

The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of
the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse
side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless
basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders
do not have the rights or privileges of holders of shares of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and
receive shares of common stock. After the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled
to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

- 7 - 

Private Placement Warrants 

The private placement warrants (including the shares
of common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days
after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among certain other limited exceptions, to our officers and directors
and other persons or entities affiliated with the sponsor). Otherwise, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are
identical to those of the warrants sold as part of the units in the IPO. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than
the sponsor, or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the
warrants included in the units sold in the IPO. In addition, for as long as the private placement warrants are held by our sponsor or
its designees or affiliates, they may not be exercised after five years from the date of the IPO. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our shares
of common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within
the discretion of our Board of Directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be
limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent and Rights Agent 

The transfer agent for our shares of common stock
and warrant agent for our warrants and the rights agent for our rights is American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC. We
have agreed to indemnify American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents
and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel
fees that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence,
willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Exclusive Forum Selection 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers
and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware,
except (a) any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction
of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days
following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or
for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, and (b) any action or claim arising under the Exchange Act
or Securities Act. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or
liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply
to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive
jurisdiction. In addition, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to actions brought under the Securities Act, or the rules and
regulations thereunder. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented
to service of process on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency
in the application of law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and
to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

- 8 - 

Section 203 

We are subject to the provisions of Section 203
of the Delaware General Corporation Law regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain
circumstances, from engaging in a business combination with: 

a stockholder who owns 10 or more of our outstanding voting
stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years
following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

A business combination includes a
merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if: 

our board of directors approves the transaction that made
the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction; 

after the completion of the transaction that resulted in
the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the
transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or 

on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business
combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an
affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Other Provisions of Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to the IPO that apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that these provisions cannot be amended without a resolution approved by
65 of our stockholders who attend and vote at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution has
been given. 

Our sponsor, who beneficially owns approximately
21.50 of our shares of common stock (taking into account ownership of the private placement units), will participate in any vote to amend
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner it chooses. Specifically, our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

if we are unable to complete our initial business combination
within 9 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time
to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail herein), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully
available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and less up to 50,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject
to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining
stockholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve; 

- 9 - 

prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue
additional shares of common stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote
on any initial business combination; 

although we do not intend to enter into a business combination
with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, subject to compliance with the provisions
of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law described above, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter
into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent
accounting firm, that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

if a stockholder vote on our initial business combination
is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our
public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents
with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information
about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

so long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities
on the NASDAQ, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market
value of at least 80 of our assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the
income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

if our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation that would (i) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 9 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months
from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail herein)
or (ii) with respect to the other provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, we
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon such approval
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which
interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares; and 

we will not effectuate our initial business combination with
another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In addition, our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination. 

Special Meeting of Stockholders 

Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our
stockholders may be called only by resolution of our board of directors, by our president or by our chairman. 

Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director
Nominations 

Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to
bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of
stockholders must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to be delivered
to our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90 th day nor earlier than the opening of
business on the 120 th day prior to the scheduled date of the annual meeting of stockholders. Our bylaws also specify certain
requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing
matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 

- 10 - 

Authorized but Unissued Shares 

Our authorized but unissued shares of common stock
and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes,
including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued
and unreserved shares of common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us
by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Securities Eligible for Future Sale 

As of March 31, 2023, there were 6,935,623 shares
of common stock outstanding. Of these shares, the 5,273,000 shares of common stock sold in the IPO are freely tradable without restriction
or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144
under the Securities Act and for 75,000 shares of common stock issued to our underwriter, Ladenburg Thalmann Co., Inc. Ladenburg ),
upon consummation of the IPO, which Ladenburg has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell until the completion of our initial business
combination. All of the remaining 1,318,250 founder shares and 269,373 private placement units are restricted securities under Rule 144,
in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering, and are subject to transfer restrictions. 

Rule 144 

Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially
owned restricted shares of common stock, rights or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided
that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months
preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months
before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months
(or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. 

Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares
of common stock, rights or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the
three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within
any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 of the total number of shares of common stock then issued
and outstanding, which equals 69,356 shares, on an as converted basis; or 

the average weekly reported trading volume of the shares
of common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are
also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. 

- 11 - 

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former
Shell Companies 

Rule 144 is not available for the resale of
securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at
any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following
conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company
has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act
reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer
was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer
filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As a result, our sponsor will be able to sell its
founder shares and private placement units pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial
business combination. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founder shares, private placement
units and units that may be issued on conversion of working capital loans (and any securities underlying the private placement units and
the working capital loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on the effective date
of the IPO requiring us to register such securities for resale. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands,
excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration
rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require
us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection
with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Listing of Securities 

O ur
units, shares of common stock, rights and warrants are listed on the NASDAQ under the symbols QOMOU, QOMO, 
 QOMOR and QOMOW , respectively. The shares of common stock, rights and warrants began trading separately on
November 25, 2022. 

- 12 - 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_qomolangma.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 

I,
Jonathan P. Myers, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Qomolangma Acquisition Corp. for the year
 ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) [Paragraph
 intentionally omitted in accordance with SEC Release Nos. 34-47986 and 34-54942]; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 7, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jonathan
 P. Myers 

Jonathan P.
 Myers 

Chairman, President and
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_qomolangma.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 

I,
Hao Shen, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Qomolangma Acquisition Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) [Paragraph
intentionally omitted in accordance with SEC Release Nos. 34-47986 and 34-54942]; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 7, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Hao Shen 

Hao Shen 

Chief Financial Officer
 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_qomolangma.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Qomolangma Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: April 7, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jonathan P. Myers 

Jonathan P. Myers 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_qomolangma.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Qomolangma Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: April 7, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Hao Shen 

Hao
 Shen 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 qomo-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 qomo-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 qomo-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 qomo-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 qomo-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

