<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230525_10-K_edgar_data_1022408_0001140361-23-026454.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14114531</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>284306</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1661220</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5942640</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2912849</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2645114</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-026454.hdr.sgml : 20230525
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230524180726
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-026454
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230525
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230524

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EPLUS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001022408
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-COMPUTER & PERIPHERAL EQUIPMENT & SOFTWARE [5045]
		IRS NUMBER:				541817218
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34167
		FILM NUMBER:		23955360

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13595 DULLES TECHNOLOGY DRIVE
		CITY:			HERNDON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20171-3413
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7039848400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13595 DULLES TECHNOLOGY DRIVE
		CITY:			HERNDON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20171-3413

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MLC HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960906

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-026454.txt : 20230525

10-K
 1
 brhc20053157_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from ___to___.

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

Global Select Market

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 of Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
 of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
 of Regulation S-T (Section 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
 company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
 new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal
 control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262 (b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the
 correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
 executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of e Plus, computed by reference to the closing price at which the stock was sold as of September 30, 2022, was .
 The outstanding number of shares of common stock of e Plus as of May 22, 2023, was .

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

The following documents are incorporated by reference into the indicated parts of this Form 10-K:

Portions of the Company s definitive Proxy Statement relating to its 2023 annual meeting of stockholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement are incorporated
 by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K where indicated. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the Company s fiscal year end to which this report relates.

Table of Contents

Page

Cautionary Language About Forward-Looking Statements 

1

Part I

Item 1.

Business 

3

Item 1A.

Risk Factors 

13

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments 

23

Item 2.

Properties 

23

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings 

24

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

24

Part II

Item 5.

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

25

Item 6.

[RESERVED] 

25

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

26

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

46

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

47

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

47

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures 

47

Item 9B.

Other Information 

48

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

48

Part III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 

48

Item 11.

Executive Compensation 

49

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

49

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

49

Item 14.

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

49

Part IV

Item 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

49

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary 

52

Signatures 

53

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY LANGUAGE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains certain statements that are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
 Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act, and are made in reliance upon the protections provided by such acts for forward-looking statements. Such statements are not based on historical fact
 but are based upon numerous assumptions about future conditions that may not occur. Forward-looking statements are generally identifiable by use of forward-looking words such as may, should, would, intend, estimate, 
 will, potential, possible, could, believe, expect, intend, plan, anticipate, project, and similar expressions. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any
 forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. Forward-looking statements are made based upon information that is currently available or management s current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their
 potential effects upon us, speak only as of the date hereof, and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or correct any forward-looking statements to reflect events or
 circumstances that subsequently occur, or of which we hereafter become aware. Actual events, transactions and results may materially differ from the anticipated events, transactions, or results described in such statements. Our
 ability to consummate such transactions and achieve such events or results is subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the matters set forth below: 

significant adverse changes in, reductions in, or loss of one or more of our larger volume customers or vendors;

supply chain issues, including a shortage of Information Technology IT products, may increase our costs or cause a delay in fulfilling customer orders, or increase our need for working capital, or completing professional
 services, or purchasing IT products or services needed to support our internal infrastructure or operations, resulting in an adverse impact on our financial results;

our dependence on key personnel to maintain certain customer relationships, and our ability to hire, train, and retain sufficient qualified personnel;

maintaining and increasing advanced professional services by recruiting and retaining highly skilled, competent personnel, and vendor certifications;

our ability to secure our own and our customers electronic and other confidential information, while maintaining compliance with evolving data privacy and regulatory laws and regulations;

ongoing remote work trends, and the increase in cybersecurity attacks that have occurred while employees work remotely;

loss of our credit facility or credit lines with our vendors may restrict our current and future operations;

our ability to raise capital, maintain or increase as needed our lines of credit with vendors or floor planning facility, obtain debt for our financing transactions, or the effect of those
 changes on our common stock price; 

rising interest rates or the loss of key lenders or the constricting of credit markets;

our ability to manage a diverse product set of solutions in highly competitive markets with a number of key vendors;

reliance on third-parties to perform some of our service obligations to our customers, and the reliance on a small number of key vendors in our supply chain with whom we do not have long-term supply agreements, guaranteed
 price agreements, or assurance of stock availability;

the possibility of a reduction of vendor incentives provided to us;

our dependency on continued innovations in hardware, software, and services offerings by our vendors and our ability to partner with them;

our ability to remain secure during a cybersecurity attack, including both disruptions in our or our vendors IT systems and data and audio communication networks;

our ability to identify acquisition candidates, or perform sufficient due diligence prior to completing an acquisition, or failure to integrate a completed acquisition our earnings may be
 affected;

national and international political instability fostering uncertainty and volatility in the global economy including exposure to fluctuation in foreign currency rates, interest rates, and inflation, including increases in
 our costs and our ability to increase prices to our customers which may result in adverse changes in our gross profit;

significant and rapid inflation may cause price, wage, and interest rate increases, as well as increases in operating costs that may impact the arrangements that have pricing commitments over the term of the agreement;

a natural disaster or other adverse event at one of our primary configuration centers, data center, or a third-party provider location could negatively impact our business;

a possible decrease in the capital spending budgets of our customers or a decrease in purchases from us;

1 

Table of Contents 

changes in the IT industry and/or rapid changes in product offerings, including the proliferation of the cloud, infrastructure as a service IaaS ), software as a service SaaS and platform as a service PaaS 

our ability to increase the total number of customers using integrated solutions by up-selling within our customer base and gaining new customers;

our ability to increase the total number of customers who use our managed services and professional services and continuing to enhance our managed services offerings to remain competitive in the marketplace;

our ability to perform professional and managed services competently;

our ability to implement comprehensive plans for the integration of sales forces, cost containment, asset rationalization, systems integration, and other key strategies;

exposure to changes in, interpretations of, or enforcement trends in, and customer and vendor actions in anticipation of or response to, legislation and regulatory matters;

domestic and international economic regulations uncertainty e.g. , tariffs, sanctions, and trade agreements);

our contracts may not be adequate to protect us, we are subject to audit which we may not pass, and our professional and liability insurance policies coverage may be insufficient to cover a claim;

failure to comply with public sector contracts, or applicable laws or regulations;

our ability to maintain our proprietary software and update our technology infrastructure to remain competitive in the marketplace;

fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may impact our results of operation and financial position; and

our ability to protect our intellectual property rights and successfully defend any challenges to the validity of our patents or allegations that we are infringing upon any third-party patents,
 and the costs associated with those actions, and, when appropriate, the costs associated with licensing required technology.

We cannot be certain that our business strategy will be successful or that we will successfully address these and other challenges, risks, and uncertainties. For a further list and description of various
 risks, relevant factors, and uncertainties that could cause future results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements, see Item 1A, Risk Factors and Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections contained elsewhere in this report, as well as other reports that we
 file with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

2 

Table of Contents 

PART I

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS 

GENERAL

e Plus inc., sometimes referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as we, our, us, ourselves, or e Plus. , was
 founded in 1990. We conduct our operations through two business segments. Our technology segment sells IT hardware products, third-party software and maintenance contracts, our own and third-party advanced professional and managed
 services, and our proprietary software. Our financing segment operations primarily consist of the financing of IT equipment, software, and related services. Both segments sell to commercial entities, state and local governments,
 government contractors, and educational institutions.

OUR BUSINESS

We are a leading provider of technology solutions across the spectrum spanning security, cloud, data center, networking, collaboration, artificial intelligence, and emerging solutions, to domestic and foreign organizations across all
 industry segments.

Our solutions are comprised of world class leading technologies from partners such as Amazon Web Services, Arista Networks, Check Point, Cisco Systems, Citrix, Commvault, Crowdstrike, Deepwatch, Dell EMC, F5 Networks, Foresite,
 Fortinet, Gigamon, HPE, Juniper Networks, Lenovo, Microsoft, NetApp, Nutanix, NVIDIA, Oracle, Palo Alto Networks, Proficio, Pure Storage, Rubrik, Splunk, Varonis, and VMware, among many others. We possess top-level engineering
 certifications with a broad range of leading IT technologies that enable us to offer multi-vendor IT solutions that are optimized for each of our customers specific requirements. Underpinning the broader areas of cloud, security,
 networking, data center and collaboration are specific skills in orchestration and automation, application modernization, DevSecOps, zero-trust architectures, data management, data visualization, analytics, network modernization, edge
 compute and other advanced and emerging technologies.

We also provide consulting, professional, and managed services, IT staff augmentation, and complete lifecycle management services in the areas of security, cloud, networking, data center, collaboration, and emerging technologies.

For over 30 years, we have also offered a wide portfolio of technology and other capital asset financing solutions to customers across commercial and government enterprises, designing programs that are tailored to fit their unique
 processes, structures, and requirements. Our expertise in core and emerging technologies, buttressed by our robust portfolio of consulting, professional, and managed services, has enabled e Plus
 to remain a trusted advisor for our customers.

Our scale and financial resources have enabled us to continue investing in engineering and technology resources to stay at the forefront of technology trends. Our cloud/hosted, proprietary software solutions are focused on giving our
 customers more control over their IT supply chain, by automating and optimizing the procurement and management of their owned, leased, and consumption-based assets. These solutions have expanded to include private marketplace
 experiences to our customers to support platforms such as those on AWS marketplace.

Our go-to-market strategy focuses primarily on diverse end-markets for middle market to large enterprises. We serve customers in markets including telecom, media and entertainment, technology, state

and local government and educational institutions SLED ), healthcare, and financial services. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the percentage of revenue by customer end market within our technology segment includes 26 for
 the telecommunications, media and entertainment industry, 20 for the technology industry, 14 for healthcare, 14 for state and local government, and educational institutions SLED ), and 8 for financial services. Sales to Verizon Communications Inc. represented 22 , 24 , and 19 of our net sales for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. We sell to customers in the
 United States US ), which accounts for most of our sales, and to customers in select international markets including the United Kingdom UK ), the European Union EU ), India, Singapore, and Israel. Our technology segment
 accounted for 97 of our net sales, and 84 of our operating income, while our financing segment accounted for 3 of our net sales, and 16 of our operating income for the year ended March 31, 2023.

OUR INDUSTRY BACKGROUND AND MARKET OPPORTUNITY

We have identified and focused on several specific trends that we believe will create higher growth in the broader US IT market:

3 

Table of Contents 

MULTI-CLOUD STRATEGY

Over the past several years, public, private and hybrid cloud architectures and cloud-enabled frameworks have become a core foundation of modern IT. Our strategy is to assist our customers in aligning cloud strategy with business
 objectives, creating an enterprise cloud foundation, enabling multi-cloud capabilities, accelerating cloud migrations, modernizing the datacenter, and optimizing cloud deployments for cost and security. We focus on being a guide to customers on their Journey to Modernization of applications, data, and platforms. This strategy leverages our strength in deploying private clouds, extending them to public cloud and
 incorporating the necessary elements of networking, security, and automation. By understanding our customers environment, applications, and business requirements, we deploy solutions that leverage the most appropriate technology on the
 most appropriate platform with the most appropriate consumption model. For example, we may build a private cloud solution to host mission critical applications, while utilizing a public cloud solution for development, collaboration, or
 disaster recovery. As the market matures, we will continue to build and acquire skills that align with DevOps, application refactoring, and analytics. Our cloud strategy is tightly aligned with all of our key strategic initiatives,
 including data center, security, networking, collaboration, and emerging technology.

INCREASING SOPHISTICATION AND INCIDENCES OF IT SECURITY BREACHES AND CYBERATTACKS

Over the last decade, cyberattacks have become more sophisticated, numerous, and invasive. Organizations are finding it increasingly difficult to effectively safeguard their information assets and business operations from a constant
 stream of advanced threats. Cyber threats have shifted from uncoordinated individual efforts to highly coordinated and well-funded attacks by criminal organizations and nation-state actors. Additional

drivers include data privacy concerns of both user data and machine data as companies continue to pursue digital transformation via data science and analytics. We believe our customers are focused on maturing all aspects of
 cybersecurity, including information and physical security, data protection, threat management and compliance requirements related to industry and government regulations. To meet current and future security threats, enterprises must
 identify their risks, select and implement security controls and technology solutions that leverage integrated products and services to help monitor, mitigate, and remediate security threats and attacks 
 while ensuring a data-centric security model that is scalable to meet today s digital demands on premise, at the edge and in the cloud. Our ability to provide value-added and expert services to our customers in these areas
 helps us to create greater value for the customer via a security posture that extends across all digital technologies within an organization. The complex nature of security controls and their consumption opens opportunities for e Plus to engage in recurring subscription models with our customers that include both technology and the operational services designed and executed to help mitigate risk and mature an organization s
 cybersecurity posture.

DISRUPTIVE TECHNOLOGIES ARE CREATING COMPLEXITY AND CHALLENGES FOR CUSTOMERS AND VENDORS

The rapid evolution of disruptive technologies, and the speed by which they impact organizations IT platforms, has made it difficult for customers to effectively design, procure, implement, and manage their own IT systems.
 Disruption also increases the likelihood of security gaps leaving organizations vulnerable to attacks both internally and externally. Moreover, increased budget pressures, fewer internal resources, a fragmented vendor landscape and
 faster time-to-value expectations make it challenging for customers to design, implement and manage secure, efficient, and cost-effective IT environments. Customers are increasingly turning to IT solutions providers such as e Plus to implement complex IT offerings, including managed services, security architecture, software-defined infrastructure, cloud platforms, converged and hyper-converged infrastructures, big data
 analytics, and data protection.

CUSTOMER IT DECISION-MAKING IS SHIFTING FROM IT DEPARTMENTS TO LINE-OF-BUSINESS PERSONNEL

As IT consumption shifts from legacy, on-premise infrastructure purchased upfront to agile on-demand and as-a-service solutions, customer procurement decisions are shifting from traditional IT personnel to lines-of-business
 personnel, which is changing the customer engagement model and types of consultative services required to fulfill customer needs. Many of these service delivery models are beginning to transition to recurring annuity revenue streams
 payable over time, rather than upfront revenue. Our partners are also evolving by developing more annuity models through subscription and consumption-based models operating both on-premise and in the cloud, which further enables our
 offerings.

4 

Table of Contents 

LACK OF SUFFICIENT INTERNAL IT RESOURCES AT MID-SIZED AND LARGE ENTERPRISES, AND SCARCITY OF IT PERSONNEL IN CERTAIN HIGH-DEMAND DISCIPLINES

We believe that IT departments at mid-sized and large enterprises are facing pressure to deliver business outcomes that rely on emerging technologies but lack the professionally trained staff and the ability to hire personnel with
 high in-demand disciplines such as security, solution architecture and data analytics. At the same time the prevalence of security threats, increased use of cloud platforms, software-defined networking, new architectures, rapid software
 development frameworks, the proliferation of mobile devices, dispersed workforces, employees working from anywhere, bring-your-own-device (BYOD) policies, and complexity of multi-vendor solutions have made it difficult for IT
 departments to implement high-quality IT solutions.

REDUCTION IN THE NUMBER OF IT SOLUTIONS PROVIDERS

We believe that customers are seeking to reduce the number of solutions providers they do business with to improve supply chain and internal efficiencies, enhance accountability, improve supplier management practices, and reduce
 costs. As a result, customers are selecting IT solutions providers that can deliver complex multi-vendor IT solutions. Vendor and tooling consolidation is also trending whereby solutions providers can bundle and enhance the value of
 offerings while simplifying technology footprints.

INCREASING NEED FOR THIRD-PARTY SERVICES

We believe that customers are relying on third-party service providers, such as e Plus, to manage significant aspects of their IT environment, from design, implementation, pre- and post-sales
 support, to maintenance, engineering, cloud management, security operations, and other services.

COMPETITION

The market for IT solutions is highly competitive, subject to macro-economic cycles, and the entry of new competitors. Additionally, the market is subject to disruption from consolidation of existing market
 participants that will create larger competitors, by the introduction of disruptive technologies, and by other activities of industry participants. We expect to continue to compete in all areas of our business against local, regional,
 national, and international firms, including vendors, consulting firms, international, national, and regional resellers, and service providers. Some of our competitors are direct marketers with little value-add and sell products as
 commodities, which can place downward pressure on product pricing. In addition, many IT vendors may sell or lease directly to our customers, and our continued ability to compete effectively may be affected by the policies of such
 vendors. Some Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) are building and launching their own adoption and managed services to better ensure customer satisfaction and retainment. We face indirect competition from potential customers 
 reluctance to move away from legacy systems, processes, and solutions providers. As IT consumption shifts from IT personnel and legacy infrastructure to line-of-business based outcomes using off-premise, on-demand, and cloud solutions,
 the legacy resale model has continued to shift from an upfront sale to a recurring revenue model.

The leasing and financing markets are also competitive and subject to changing economic conditions and market activities of leading industry participants. We expect to continue to compete against local,
 regional, national, and international firms, including banks, specialty finance companies, private-equity asset managers, vendors captive finance companies, and third-party leasing companies. Banks and other large financial services
 companies sell directly to business customers, particularly larger enterprise customers, and may provide other financial or ancillary services that we do not provide. Vendor captive leasing companies may use internal transfer pricing to
 effectively lower lease rates and/or bundle equipment sales and leasing to provide highly competitive packages to customers. Third-party leasing companies may have deep customer relationships with contracts in place that are difficult
 to displace; however, these competitors typically do not provide the breadth of product, service, and software offerings that we provide to our customers. The competitors have access to more capital to fund more originations than we do
 and may be better able to adapt to a rapidly changing interest rate environment.

In all our markets, some of our competitors have longer operating histories and greater financial, technical, marketing, and other resources than we do. In addition, some of these competitors may be able to
 respond more quickly to new or changing opportunities, technologies, and customer requirements. Many current and potential competitors also have greater name recognition and engage in more extensive promotional marketing and advertising
 activities, offer more attractive terms to customers, and adopt more aggressive pricing policies than we do.

5 

Table of Contents 

OUR SOLUTIONS

TECHNOLOGY SEGMENT

We provide a range of IT products and advanced professional and managed services to help our customers improve productivity, profitability, and revenue
 growth while reducing operating costs. Our technology segment s products, solutions and services include the following:

Product Revenue:

IT sales consists of hardware, perpetual and
 subscription software, maintenance, software assurance, and internally provided and outsourced services. We believe that our customers view technology purchases as integrated solutions, rather than discrete product and
 service categories, and the majority of our sales are derived from integrated solutions involving our customers data center, cloud, network, security, and collaboration infrastructure. We hold various technical and
 sales-related certifications from leading manufacturers and software publishers, which authorizes us to market their products and enables us to provide advanced professional and managed services. We actively engage with
 emerging vendors to offer their technologies to our customers. Our flexible platform and customizable catalogs facilitate the addition of new vendors products with minimal incremental effort.

Managed Services:

Managed services proactively monitor and manage a broad range of technologies on-premises and in the cloud with services such as managed infrastructure,
 service desk, Managed Power Protection, and first call lifecycle support (i.e., eLSS), to ensure support of a broad cross-section of technologies spanning multiple Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) solutions. These
 solutions are built in a flexible subscription model to monitor, manage, and maximize business critical technologies including cloud, security, data center, mobility, and collaboration based on an ITIL Framework with SOC 1
 Type 2, SOC 2 Type 2, and HIPAA accreditation based. We also provide ePlus Automated Virtual Assistant (AVA) for Collaboration Spaces. ePlus AVA TM uses robotic process automation accompanied by ePlus Managed Services to present an exceptional experience for users in video-enabled conference rooms and workspaces.

Service desk provides outsourced functions including, but
 not limited to, server and desktop support to respond to our customers business demands while minimizing overhead.

Storage-as-a-Service is a solution powered by Pure
 Storage Evergreen//One that provides customers with on-premises storage in a consumption-based model with on-demand burst capacity, backed by Service Level Agreements (SLAs), and ePlus expert Enhanced Maintenance Support
 (EMS). This allows customers to consume storage in a cloud-like model in their data center in a time of uncertainty of what upcoming capacity needs will be due to ongoing cloud migrations.

Cloud Hosted Services provide cloud-hosted offerings
 including Cloud Managed Backup and Cloud Disaster Recovery. These data protection offerings, delivered under SOC 2 Type 2 and HIPAA frameworks, are focused on delivering confidence to our customers in their ability to
 rapidly recover when incidents such as ransomware occur.

Cloud Managed Services are focused on helping our
 customers consume public cloud in a way that reduces time-to-market for new applications, lowers their ongoing cloud costs, and increases security. By taking day-to-day cloud management off their hands, our clients can focus
 on the applications that drive their business.

Managed Security Services help customers strengthen
 their information security profile with industry-leading tools, technology, and expertise - often at a fraction of the cost of in-house security resources. Services include Security Operations Center (SOC), Vulnerability
 Management, Managed Detection and Response (MDR), and Incident Response (IR).

Professional Services:

Professional services focus on cloud infrastructure,
 unified communications, collaboration, networking, storage, hyper-converged infrastructure, and virtual desktop infrastructure, supported by security and managed services solutions.

Staff augmentation services provide customers with flexible headcount options, which may range from service desk to infrastructure to software developer skills. Staff augmentation allows customers to access talent, fill specific
 technology skill gaps, or provide short-term or long-term IT professional help, which also includes services, such as Virtual Chief Information Officer (vCIO) and Virtual Chief Information Security Officer (vCISO), used to
 complement existing personnel and build three-to-five-year IT roadmaps. 

Project management services enhance productivity and collaboration management and enable successful implementations and adoption
 of solutions for our customers. 

Cloud Consulting Services is a global team of architects and consultants focused on assessing customer workloads for cloud,
 assisting with the selection of the appropriate cloud solution, design and build of cloud platforms, application modernization and migration, automation, and ongoing management and optimization of cloud platforms. 

Security solutions help safeguard our customers business and information assets, including: 

o 

Governance, Risk, and Compliance (GRC) services help ensure customers are meeting governance and compliance requirements by leveraging regulatory frameworks, industry best practices,
 and supporting controls - thereby allowing customers to effectively identify, assess, and mitigate risk.

o 

Technology Introduction and Deployment services help customers rapidly adopt and integrate key security controls and embrace efficiencies across technology types like network,
 endpoint, data, and cloud.

6 

Table of Contents 

FINANCING SEGMENT

We specialize in financing arrangements, including sales-type and operating leases; loans, and consumption-based financing arrangements; and underwriting and management and disposal of IT equipment and assets. Our financing
 operations include sales, pricing, credit, contracts, accounting, risk management, and asset management.

We primarily finance IT equipment, communication-related equipment, and medical equipment. We may also finance industrial machinery and equipment, office furniture and general office equipment, transportation equipment, and other
 general business equipment. We offer our solutions both directly and through vendors.

We offer enhanced financing solutions, and our business process services approach automates a significant portion of the IT procurement process and reduces our customers cost of doing business. The solution
 incorporates value-added services at every step in the process, including:

Front-end processing, such as procurement, order aggregation, order automation, vendor performance measurement, ordering, reconciliation, and payment.

Lifecycle and asset ownership services, including asset management, change management, and property tax filing.

End-of-life services such as equipment audit, removal, and disposal.

OUR COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS

BROAD SKILL SETS THAT CAN SCALE TO SUPPORT LARGE ADDRESSABLE MARKET

We sell IT solutions focusing on the data center, cloud, network, security, virtualization, and mobility segments of the industry, facilitated by our professional and managed service solutions. We primarily target our sales efforts
 toward middle-market and large commercial entities, state and local governments, education, and healthcare customers throughout the US and in certain markets in Europe and Asia. We believe IT departments in these organizations are
 facing pressure to deliver higher service levels with fewer resources, increasing their reliance on third-parties who can provide complex, multi-vendor technology solutions, such as our company.

BROAD AND DIVERSE CUSTOMER BASE ACROSS A WIDE RANGE OF END MARKETS

We have a broad and diverse customer base of 4,300 customers across a wide range of end-markets, including education, financial services, healthcare, media and entertainment, state and local government, technology, and
 telecommunications.

7 

Table of Contents 

DIFFERENTIATED BUSINESS MODEL SERVING ENTIRE IT LIFECYCLE PROCUREMENT, SOLUTIONS, SERVICES, SOFTWARE, FINANCING

We believe we are a trusted IT advisor to our customers, delivering differentiated products and services to enable our customers to meet increasingly complex IT requirements. We can provide complete, turn-key solutions aligned to the
 entire IT lifecycle procurement, products, services, software, and financing. We provide upfront assessments, design and configuration capabilities, installation and implementation, and ongoing services to support our customers 
 solutions.

DEEP EXPERTISE IN ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY TO ADDRESS CLOUD, SECURITY, SOFTWARE DEFINED NETWORKING, WIFI/5G, AND OTHER EMERGING IT TRENDS

We believe our customers choose us for their complex IT infrastructure needs based on our track record of delivering best-of-breed solutions, value-added services, and close relationships with both established and emerging vendors.
 We focus on obtaining and maintaining top-level engineering certifications and professional services expertise in advanced technologies of strategic vendors that we leverage to help our customers achieve positive business outcomes.
 Across our company, we have more than 700 employees that collectively hold over 5,500 certifications, including over 3,300 technical certifications. Our highly skilled, experienced personnel include account executives, pre-sales and
 inside-sales staff trained on our broad solutions capabilities and category-focused subject-matter experts. We have over 1,600 unique certification titles, with a heavy concentration in our top vendor partners.

STRATEGIC ABILITY TO DESIGN AND INTEGRATE CLOUD SOLUTIONS ACROSS MULTIPLE VENDORS

We believe our expertise across both data center and cloud architectures allows us to provide differentiated offerings in assisting our customers with their journey to the cloud. Combined with our established practices in networking
 and security, we are uniquely poised to help customers adopt a multi-cloud strategy utilizing our cloud cost management and FinOps framework to help overcome the inherent challenges. We leverage our strategic partnerships with leading
 vendors such as Amazon Web Services, Cisco Systems, Dell EMC, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Microsoft, NetApp, Rubrik, and VMware in conjunction with our professional, managed and lifecycle services to help our customers achieve their
 desired business outcomes.

STRATEGIC INVESTMENTS IN EXPERIENCED CYBERSECURITY PRACTITIONERS TO GUIDE CUSTOMERS RISK MITIGATION STRATEGIES

We believe our organizational structure and resources in both security advisory services and technology teams best enable our consulting teams to deliver clear business outcomes for our customers looking to identify and mitigate risk
 to their organizations. While developing threats, new regulations and cyber liability insurance premiums continue to increase, putting pressure on stake holders and stockholders, we continue to invest in our service delivery
 capabilities and align with industry leading cybersecurity OEMs to help ensure our customers are accelerating their security programs and leveraging the latest capabilities to harden defenses and ensure preparedness against threats to
 their business.

PROVEN TRACK RECORD OF SUCCESSFULLY INTEGRATING ACQUISITIONS AND ACCELERATING GROWTH

We view acquisitions as a crucial factor in our strategic growth plan. Since 1997, we have successfully integrated nearly 30 acquisitions. Most recently, we have been active in tuck-in acquisitions to broaden our product offerings,
 sector reach, and geographic footprint.

We generally integrate acquired firms into the e Plus platform immediately, which allows us to maintain customer and vendor relationships, retain key employees from acquired firms, and
 accelerate growth.

We continue to review new acquisition opportunities to expand our global footprint and expand our offerings.

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE CHARACTERIZED BY GROWTH AND PROFITABILITY

We have focused on achieving top-line revenue growth while maintaining industry-leading gross margins with a compound annual growth rate of 10.8 on net sales and 11.9 for consolidated gross profit, respectively, from fiscal year
 2019 to fiscal year 2023.

Through our organic expansion and acquisitions, we have increased our employee count by 14.1 from March 31, 2019, to March 31, 2023. The increase in our employee base has largely been in customer facing roles, which represented
 81.6 of the total increase in headcount over the same period, as we continue to build our sales and services team while leveraging our operational infrastructure.

8 

Table of Contents 

GROWTH STRATEGY

Our goal is to continue to grow as a leading provider of technology solutions. The key elements of our strategy include the following:

BE OUR CUSTOMERS PARTNER OF CHOICE FOR COMPREHENSIVE IT AND LIFECYCLE SOLUTIONS, INCLUDING CONSULTING, MANAGED AND PROFESSIONAL SERVICES, AND FINANCING

We seek to become the primary provider of IT solutions and flexible financing solutions for each of our customers, whether on-premise, cloud, hybrid or as a service provider. We strive to provide excellent customer service, pricing,
 availability, and advanced professional and managed services in an efficient manner. We believe the increasing complexity of the IT ecosystem and the emergence of new technologies, vendors, licensing, and service options are factors
 that will lead to a growing demand from existing customers. We have many experienced pre-sales engineers who engage with customers about the most advanced technologies. Our account executives are trained on our broad solutions
 capabilities with access to many category-focused subject-matter experts, which allow them to sell in a consultative business outcome-based manner that increases the likelihood of cross-selling our solutions. Our account executives are
 supported by experienced and professional inside sales representatives. Our Customer Experience (CX) lifecycle organization helps customers maximize the benefit of their purchases and to cultivate trusting long-term relationships that
 yield greater agility, better outcomes, faster ROI, and stronger resiliency. We believe that our bundled offerings are an important differentiating factor from our competitors.

We focus on gaining top-level engineering certifications and professional services expertise in advanced technologies of strategic vendors. This expertise helps our customers develop their cloud capabilities including private,
 public, and hybrid deployments. We provide virtual desktop infrastructure, unified communications, collaboration, networking, security, storage, big data, mobility, converged and hyper-converged infrastructures, and managed services
 offerings, all of which remain in high demand. We believe our ability to deliver advanced professional services provides benefits in two ways. First, we gain recognition and mindshare of our strategic vendor partners and become the
 go-to partner in selected regional markets as well as the national market. This significantly increases direct and referral sales opportunities for our products and services and allows us to offer competitive pricing levels. Second,
 within our existing and potential customer base, our advanced professional services are a key differentiator against competitors who cannot provide services or advanced services for these key technologies or across multiple vendor
 product lines.

Our managed services portfolio expanded this year to include Azure, VMware Cloud on AWS, and Automated Virtual Assistant (AVA) for collaboration in addition to our offerings for Managed SDWAN, Service Desk, Carrier Expense
 Management, Cloud Cost Optimization, Vulnerability Management as a Service (VMaas), Managed Unified Communication Manager (UCM), Hyperflex, Nutanix, WebEx Calling, WebEx Contact Center, and numerous other managed infrastructure
 offerings. We continue to increase our breadth and depth of engineering expertise through the integration of recent acquisitions, supplementing our Cisco service offerings, expanding our NetApp and Palo Alto Enhanced Maintenance Support
 (EMS) portfolio, and adding support for additional market leading security solutions. Our Managed Services portfolio continues to be enhanced so that e Plus annuity-based service solutions are
 represented within a single service management platform to enhance customer experience. Likewise, we have increased automation of Service Level Target reporting to ensure remediation and response are top-of-mind.

BUILD OUR GEOGRAPHIC FOOTPRINT

We intend to increase our direct sales and go-to-market capabilities in each of our geographic areas. We actively seek to acquire new account relationships through personal relationships, electronic commerce,
 leveraging our partnerships with vendors, and targeted demand-generation activities to increase awareness of our solutions. We also seek to broaden our customer base, expand our geographic reach, and improve our technology and
 professional services delivery capabilities. During the last fiscal year, we continued to expand our sales and delivery capabilities across multiple international markets as we see more demand for solutions within this market.

RECRUIT, RETAIN, AND DEVELOP EMPLOYEES

Based on our prior experience, capital structure, and business systems and processes, we believe we are well positioned to hire experienced sales representatives and engineers, make strategic
 acquisitions that expand our customer facing talent, broaden our customer base, expand our geographic reach, scale our existing operating structure, and/or enhance our product and service offerings. Part of our growth strategy is to
 hire purposefully and enhance our technical skill base through strategic acquisitions. Once recruited, w e believe that our culture, competitive performance-based compensation, policies, and labor practices contribute to strong
 relations with our employees. We offer a range of affordable and flexible benefits options to assist with health and well-being. As our employees are an important resource to us, we invest in their ongoing professional development. Our
 education program provides financial support for employees who want to participate in undergraduate and graduate studies, continuing education, skill building including technical certifications, and other professional enrichment related
 to their position with e Plus. During our previous fiscal year, our stockholders approved an employee stock purchase program (ESPP) pursuant to which our employees may purchase our common stock
 at a discount.

9 

Table of Contents 

IMPROVE OPERATIONAL EFFICIENCIES

We continue to invest in our internal technology infrastructure and software platforms to scale our infrastructure for growth, while optimizing our operations and engaging in process re-engineering efforts to
 become more streamlined and cost effective.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

We incur software development costs associated with maintaining, enhancing, or upgrading our proprietary software, which may be performed by internal or external IT development resources or by an offshore
 software-development company that we use to supplement our internal development team or various US-based consultants.

SALES AND MARKETING

We focus our sales and marketing efforts on becoming the primary provider of IT solutions for each of our customers. We actively seek to acquire new account relationships through personal relationships,
 electronic commerce, and leveraging our partnerships with vendors and targeted demand-generation activities to increase awareness of our solutions. We target middle-market and large commercial entities and state and local
 governments, and educational institutions . We undertake direct marketing and leverage digital marketing and social media campaigns to target certain markets in conjunction with our primary vendor
 partners, who may provide financial reimbursement, outsourced services, and personnel to assist us in these efforts. 

Our sales representatives are compensated by a combination of salary and commission, with commission becoming the primary component of compensation as the sales representatives gain experience. To date, we
 acquired a majority of our customers through the efforts of our direct sales force and acquisitions. We market to different areas within a customer s organization, including business units as well as the IT department, lines of
 business, or finance department, depending on the solutions.

As of March 31, 2023, our sales force consisted of 644 sales, marketing and sales support personnel organized regionally across the US, UK, India, and Singapore.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

Our success depends in part upon proprietary business methodologies and technologies that we have licensed and modified. We own certain software programs or have entered into software licensing agreements to
 provide services to our customers. We rely on a combination of copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secret protection, confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements, and licensing arrangements to establish and protect our
 intellectual property rights. We seek to protect our documentation and other written materials and confidential corporate information under trade secret and copyright laws, which afford only limited protection.

For example, we currently have patents in the US. We cannot provide assurance that any patents, as issued, will prevent the development of competitive products or that our patents will not be successfully
 challenged by others or invalidated through the administrative process or litigation.

In the US, our registered trademarks include e + , e Plus , OneSource , Where Technology Means More and GRIT: Girls
 Re-Imagining Tomorrow . We also have registered IGXGlobal , and IGXGlobal an e Plus Technology, inc. Company and certain variations thereon in the UK and the EU. We intend to use and protect
 these and our other marks, including common-law marks, as we deem necessary. We have over 20 registered copyrights, in addition to unregistered copyrights in our website content, software, marketing and other written materials. We
 believe our trademarks and copyrights have significant value and are an important factor in the marketing of our products.

Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Our means of protecting
 our proprietary rights may not be adequate, and our competitors may independently develop similar technology, duplicate our products or design around our proprietary intellectual property.

10 

Table of Contents 

FINANCIAL AND RISK MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES

Inventory Management : We do not purchase inventory as stock. We purchase inventory at our customer s request to order products usually from a purchase order from our
 customer. In addition, we have drop-shipment arrangements with many of our vendors and distributors, which permit us to offer products to our customers without taking physical delivery of the equipment. Using the distribution systems
 available, we frequently sell products that are shipped from the vendors or distributors directly to our customers locations, which assists us in reducing inventory and minimizing shipping costs. For the year ended March 31, 2023, our
 three largest distributors accounted for over 20 of our purchases related to our technology segment net sales. Ingram Micro, Arrow Electronics, and TD SYNNEX are our largest distributors.

Risk Management and Process Controls : We use and maintain conservative underwriting policies and disciplined credit approval processes in both our technology and
 financing segments. We have an executive management review process and other internal controls in place to evaluate transactions potential risk.

In our technology segment, we manage our risk by using conservative credit quality analysis and periodic monitoring of customer financial results or third-party risk evaluation tools; monitoring customer
 accounts receivable balances and payment history; proactively pursuing delinquent accounts; ensuring we have appropriate contractual terms and conditions; perfecting security interests when practicable; requiring prepayment or deposits
 if indicated; performing fraud checks for new accounts; and evaluating general economic as well as industry specific trends. Our systems automatically decrease trade credit lines based on assigned risk ratings.

In our financing segment, we manage our risk in assets we finance by assigning the contractual payments due under the financing arrangement to third-parties and the continued monitoring of our customers 
 credit profile. We also use agency purchase orders to procure equipment for lease to our customers and otherwise take measures to minimize our inventory of financed assets. When our technology segment is the supplier of the assets being
 financed, we retain certain procurement risks. Our financing arrangements with our customers are generally fixed rate.

BACKLOG

We rely on our vendors or distributors to fulfill a large majority of our shipments to our customers. As of March 31, 2023, our technology segment recorded customer commitments to purchase products or services
 that remain open until either executed or canceled open orders of 878.3 million and deferred revenue of 160.9 million. As of March 31, 2022, we had open orders of 973.0 million and deferred revenues of 116.9 million. We expect
 that most of the open orders as of March 31, 2023, will be recognized within the next 12 months. Our backlog has decreased year over year due to some improvement in the supply chain. A worldwide shortage of certain IT products is
 resulting from, among other things, shortages in semiconductors and other product components. Like others within our industry, we are experiencing ongoing supply constraints that have affected, and could continue to further affect, lead
 times for delivery of products, our having to carry more inventory for longer periods, the costs of products, vendor return and cancellation policies, and our ability to meet customer demands.

HUMAN CAPITAL

Our employees are an important resource for us, and their collective dedication and talent enable us to be a trusted advisor to our customers.

As of March 31, 2023, we employed a total of 1,754 employees, including 1,702 in the US, 28 in India, 22 in the UK, and 2 in Singapore. We believe we have a good relationship with our employees. More than one-third of our employees
 have a tenure of six or more years, and over 20 have a tenure of more than 10 years. None of our employees are represented by a labor union.

OUR CULTURE

We are dedicated to fostering, cultivating, and preserving a culture that represents diversity, enables inclusion, and makes our employees feel comfortable bringing their full, unique selves to work. This includes providing a
 workplace free of unlawful harassment or discrimination based on race, color, religion/religious creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), gender, gender expression, gender identity, transgender,
 sexual orientation, national origin (including ancestry), age, marital status (including same-sex marriages), genetic information/predisposition/carrier status, physical or mental disability or medical condition, military/veteran
 status, or any other legally protected characteristic. Through our policies, our training, and the everyday actions of our leadership, we expect our employees to treat each other, our customers, and all our business partners with
 respect and equality for all persons consistent with our Be Safe, Be Smart, and Be Kind motto.

11 

Table of Contents 

Corporate social responsibility is also an important part of our culture, and we focus efforts around supporting the communities in which we live and work. A sample of our efforts include participating in One Tree Planted, Habitat
 for Humanity, Tech in Pink (which raises money to support the Breast Cancer Research Foundation) and Be the Match. Since 2017, we have sponsored GRIT: Girls Re-Imagining Tomorrow in partnership with Cisco Systems, Inc. GRIT introduces
 diverse groups of middle school girls to technology-focused career possibilities, with an emphasis on cybersecurity and artificial intelligence. Students have opportunities to learn about the many possibilities in technology-focused
 companies and participate in hands-on technology-focused learning with top industry representatives and community mentors. In 2023, GRIT kicked off a new program year at eight schools across the country, with more than 90 students
 participating. Since its inception, GRIT has graduated over 300 participants and continues to grow each year.

FUNCTIONAL AREAS OF OUR EMPLOYEE BASE

The functional areas of our employees are as follows:

As of March 31,

2023

2022

Change

Sales and marketing

644

588

56

Professional services

750

666

84

Administration

354

317

37

Executive management

6

6

-

1,754

1,577

177

ATTRACTING TALENT

While we operate in a competitive labor environment, we believe that that our culture, policies and labor practices, and our competitive performance-based compensation contribute to strong relations with our employees. We offer a
 range of affordable and flexible benefits options to assist with health and well-being, and at the request of our employees, in 2022 we adopted an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. We have continued the flexible work from home strategy we
 adopted during the COVID-19 pandemic, and we anticipate evolving to varied hybrid models for the future of work.

TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT

As our employees are a crucial resource to us, we invest in their ongoing professional development. Our education program provides financial support for employees who want to participate in undergraduate and graduate studies,
 continuing education, skill building including technical certifications, and other professional enrichment related to their position with e Plus. New employees are assigned approximately 30 short
 training videos during their first eight months of employment, covering soft skills, compliance, and our specific business. All employees have access to ePlus University , which offers thousands
 of on-demand courses, from business and technical skills to leadership to compliance. We also provide live and recorded presentations from numerous in-house leaders and experts in a variety of topics, as well as in-person workshops on
 management skills and leadership. All employees are supported in, and expected to, remain current in the knowledge areas relevant to their position.

We recognize our employee successes in many ways. We award top performers in our sales and services departments with awards
 and gifts, including a President s Club trip. We also promote employee engagement and recognition through our e Plus Recognition platform
 where employees can announce and/or thank other employees for their efforts and receive awards. In addition, we recognize support staff with our annual Executive Choice Awards, and we recognize employees who perform an exceptional act of community service with our CEO Degrees of Excellence award. In addition, we have developed career paths for most functional areas to illustrate the many
 career paths within e Plus.

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION SEC REPORTS

Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports, filed with or furnished to the SEC, are available free of charge through our
 Internet website, www.eplus.com , as soon as reasonably practical after we have electronically filed such material with, or furnished it to, the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy statements, and
 other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov . The contents on or accessible through these websites are not incorporated into this filing. Further, our references to the URLs for these
 websites are intended to be inactive textual references only.

12 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS 

Many factors could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows, some of which are beyond our control. The following is a description of some important factors that may cause our
 business prospects, results of operations and cash flows in future periods to differ materially from those currently expected or desired. Factors not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially
 and adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows.

RISKS SPECIFIC TO OUR BUSINESS

If we lost one or more of our large volume customers, our earnings may be affected. 

The contracts for the provision of products and services from us to our customers are generally non-exclusive agreements without volume purchase commitments and are terminable by either party upon 30 days 
 notice. The loss of one or more of our larger customers, the failure of such customers to pay amounts due to us, or a material reduction in the amount of purchases made by such customers could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. As of March 31, 2023, and 2022, our accounts receivable-trade balance included approximately 13 and 14 , respectively, concentration of invoices due from Verizon
 Communications Inc.

Supply chain issues, including a shortage of IT products, may increase our costs or cause a delay in fulfilling customer orders, completing professional services, or purchasing IT products or services
 needed to support our internal infrastructure or operations, resulting in an adverse impact on our financial results. 

We depend upon the supply of products available from our vendors to fulfill orders from our customers on a timely basis. At present, there is a worldwide shortage of certain IT products resulting from
 shortages in semiconductors and other components of those products. Like others in the industry, we are experiencing ongoing supply constraints that have affected, and could continue to further affect, lead times and the predictability
 of lead times for delivery of products, the cost of products, and our ability to meet customer demands. As a result of longer lead times, some sales to customers have been deferred and we are carrying more inventory which may result in
 higher warehouse and interest expenses. Delays in product shipments may delay the completion of related services as well. We believe extended lead times will likely persist through at least the end of the calendar year. As a result, we
 may be at risk for customers cancelling orders due to delays and we may not be able to cancel our order correspondingly with the supplier. If we are unable to mitigate these disruptions, our financial results may be adversely impacted.

Supply chain issues, including a shortage of IT products and available services, may increase our costs or cause a delay in purchasing IT products needed to support our internal infrastructure or operations, resulting in an impact on
 our technology operations and availability of our IT systems, which could result in a materially adverse effect on our operations and financial results.

We may not be able to hire and/or retain personnel that we need. 

To increase market awareness and sales of our offerings, we may need to expand our marketing efforts and sales operations in the future. Our products and services require a sophisticated sales effort and
 significant technical engineering talent. For example, our sales and engineering candidates must have highly technical hardware and software knowledge to create a customized solution for our customers business processes. Competition
 for qualified sales, marketing and engineering personnel fluctuates depending on market conditions. We are currently experiencing a competitive labor market not only for our sales, marketing, and engineering roles, but for all of our
 roles including support and administrative positions, and as such are experiencing wage increases. New laws requiring public posting of compensation information may also contribute to wage increases. If we are unable to pass these
 increases to our customers, our financial results may be adversely affected. We provide certain professional and managed services under fixed price contracts. If we fail to accurately estimate our costs, including due to wage or other
 inflation, the profitability of our contracts may be adversely affected. Wage inflation may adversely impact our ability to hire and retain personnel, which may impact our ability to obtain and serve our customers.

Additionally, the loss of senior leaders or the failure to successfully implement a succession plan could adversely affect our ability to manage operations and execute strategies.

13 

Table of Contents 

In addition, changes to immigration laws may impact our ability to hire or retain talent. Changes in laws relating to non-compete and non-solicitation agreements make it difficult to manage hiring and
 retention. In some cases, our competitors have required their employees to agree to non-compete and/or non-solicitation agreements as part of their employment, and in some cases, we may not be able to enforce similar restrictions. Both
 scenarios present challenges and costs. Additionally, in some cases our relationship with a customer may be impacted by turnover in our sales or engineering teams.

Breaches of data security and the failure to protect our information technology systems and confidential information from cybersecurity threats, our ability to maintain compliance with data privacy laws and regulations, or misuse
 of our customers or employees information could adversely impact our business. 

Our business involves the storage and/or transmission of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, including personal information of our employees, customers, and others. In addition, we rely on our vendors that
 provide goods and services to us to maintain appropriate security measures in place to protect our operations. Also, we operate data centers for our customers that host their technology infrastructure and may store and transmit both
 business-critical data and confidential information. In connection with our services business, some of our employees also may have access to our customers confidential data and other information. We have privacy and data security
 policies in place that are designed to prevent security breaches; however, as newer technologies emerge, and the portfolio of the service providers with whom we share confidential information grows, we could be exposed to increased risk
 of breaches in data security and other illegal or fraudulent acts, including ransomware attacks and other types of cyberattacks. The evolving nature of such threats, considering new and sophisticated methods used by criminals and
 cyberterrorists, including computer viruses, malware, phishing, misrepresentation, social engineering, and forgery, are making it increasingly challenging to anticipate and adequately mitigate these risks.

As a high percentage of our employees work from home more often than in our offices, we are highly reliant on the availability and functionality of our information systems to enable our operations. Working
 from home may increase risk of data loss, including privacy-related events. If our information systems are not operational for reasons which may include cybersecurity attacks, data center failures, failures by telecom providers to
 provide services to our business and to our employees homes, as well as the home offices of our vendors and customers employees, power failures, or failures of off-premise software such as SaaS based software, our business and
 financial results may be adversely impacted.

If third-parties or our employees are able to maliciously penetrate our network security or otherwise misappropriate our customers information or employees personal information, or other information
 for which our customers may be responsible and for which we agree to be responsible in connection with service contracts into which we may enter, or if we give third-parties or our employees improper access to certain information, we
 could be subject to liability. This liability could include claims for unauthorized access to devices on our network; unauthorized access to our customers networks, hardware, applications, data, devices, or software; unauthorized
 purchases with credit card information; and identity theft or other similar fraud-related claims. This liability could also include claims for other misuses of or inappropriate access to personal information. Other liability could
 include claims alleging misrepresentation of our privacy and data security practices. Any such liability for misappropriation of this information could decrease our profitability. In addition, federal and state agencies have been
 investigating various companies regarding whether they misused or inadequately secured information. We could incur additional expenses when new laws or regulations regarding the use, safeguarding, or privacy of information are
 enacted, or if governmental agencies require us to substantially modify our privacy or security practices. We could fail to comply with international and domestic data privacy laws, the violation of which may result in audits, fines, penalties, litigation, or administrative enforcement actions with associated costs. 

Third parties, such as hackers, could circumvent or sabotage the security practices and products used in our product and service offerings, and/or the security practices or products used in our internal
 IT systems, which could result in disclosure of sensitive or personal information, unauthorized procurement, or other business interruptions that could damage our reputation and disrupt our business, as well as that of our customers. 
 Attacks may range from random attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crime and advanced persistent threats.

Advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or quantum computing, or other events or developments may result in a compromise or breach of the security practices we use to
 protect sensitive customer transaction information and employee information. A party that can circumvent our security measures could misappropriate proprietary information or cause interruptions in our operations. Further, third parties
 may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing sensitive information such as usernames, passwords, or other information or otherwise compromise the security of our internal networks and/or our customers 
 information. Since techniques used to obtain unauthorized access change frequently and the impact and severity of security breaches are increasing, we may be unable to implement adequate preventative measures or timely identify or stop
 security breaches while they are occurring.

14 

Table of Contents 

We may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to protect against security breaches or to remediate the subsequent risks and issues caused by such breaches. Our security measures are
 designed to protect against security breaches, but our failure to prevent such security breaches could cause us to incur significant expense to investigate and respond to a security breach and remediate any problems caused by any
 breach, subject us to liability, damage our reputation, and diminish the value of our brand. There can be no assurance that the limitations of liability in our contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us
 from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. We also cannot be sure that our existing insurance coverage for errors and omissions or security breaches will continue to be available on acceptable terms or in
 sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or that our insurers will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage, or
 changes in our insurance policies, including additional exclusions, premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of
 operations.

We depend on having creditworthy customers to avoid an adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition. 

Our financing and technology segments require sufficient amounts of debt or equity capital to fund our equipment purchases. If the credit quality of our customer base materially decreases, or if we experience
 a material increase in our credit losses, including by the federal government s actual or attempted termination for convenience or other contract termination, we may find it difficult to continue to obtain the required capital for our
 business, and our operating results and financial condition may be harmed. The current banking environment, particularly in the technology sector, is under regulatory and consumer scrutiny in the wake of recent bank failures such as
 Silicon Valley Bank, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain required capital and on desirable terms. In addition to the impact on our ability to attract capital, a material increase in our delinquency and default experience
 would itself have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.

Many of our customers may be susceptible to economic slowdowns or recessions and may be unable to pay for their purchases or repay the leases or notes receivable to us or repayment may be extended by our
 customers or us. Therefore, our non-performing assets may increase, and the value of our portfolio may decrease during these periods as we are required to record our investments at their current fair value. Adverse economic conditions
 also may decrease the value of collateral securing some of our loans and the value of our equity investments. Economic slowdowns or recessions could lead to financial losses in our portfolio and a decrease in revenues, net earnings, and
 assets in our financing segment. Unfavorable economic conditions including inflation and/or an increase in interest rates also could increase our financing segment s funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a
 decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. These events could prevent us from increasing our financing portfolio and harm our operating results.

The terms of our Credit Facility or lines of credit with our vendors or loss thereof may restrict our current and future operations, which could adversely affect our ability to respond to changes in our
 business and to manage our operations. 

Our technology segment, primarily through our subsidiary e Plus Technology, inc., finances its operations with funds generated from operations, and with a credit
 facility with Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC and its agents or WFCDF ). This facility provides short-term capital for our technology segment. There are two components of the WFCDF credit facility (collectively, the
 WFCDF Credit Facility ): (1) a floor plan facility and (2) a revolving credit facility. As of March 31, 2023, the facility agreement had an aggregate limit of the two components of 500 million, together with a sublimit for a revolving
 credit facility for up to 200 million.

The loss of the WFCDF Credit Facility could have a material adverse effect on our future results as we rely on this facility and its components for daily working capital and the operational function of our
 accounts payable process. Our credit agreement contains various covenants that must be met each quarter and either party may terminate the agreement for any reason with 90-days notice. There can be no assurance that we will continue to
 meet those covenants and failure to do so may limit availability of, or cause us to lose, such financing. There can be no assurance that such financing will continue to be available to us in the future on acceptable terms.

An economic downturn or recession may negatively impact WFCDF s or its agents willingness to extend credit to us at the current credit limit or an increase in credit limit thus restricting our working
 capital. We also have lines of credit with our vendors for the purchase of goods and services for resale or internal use. The loss or decrease of our working capital facility or lines of credit with our vendors may have a material
 adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

15 

Table of Contents 

We rely on a small number of key vendors in our supply chain, and do not have long- term supply or guaranteed price agreements or assurance of
 inventory availability with our vendors. 

A substantial portion of our revenue within our technology segment depends on a small number of key vendors. Products manufactured by Cisco Systems represented approximately 40 , 39 , and 36 of
 our technology segment net sales for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Products manufactured by NetApp, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, HP Inc., Juniper Networks, Dell/EMC, and Arista Networks, collectively
 represented approximately 23 - 25 of technology segment net sales for the last three years. Manufacturing interruptions or delays, including as a result of the financial instability or bankruptcy of manufacturers, changes to or the
 addition of trade laws, duties or tariffs, currency fluctuations, significant labor disputes such as strikes, natural disasters, political or social unrest, international conflicts, such as Russia s invasion of Ukraine, pandemics, other
 public health crises, or other adverse events affecting any aspect of our vendors business, could disrupt our supply chain. We are experiencing product constraints due to the unavailability of raw materials or components, delays in
 shipping, failure of vendors to accurately forecast customer demand or to manufacture or otherwise obtain sufficient quantities of product or component parts to meet customer demand, among other reasons. If we experience significant
 supply chain disruptions, we may not be able to develop alternate sourcing quickly on favorable terms, if at all, which could result in increased costs, loss of sales and a loss of customers, and adversely impact our financial condition
 and results of operations. In addition, we are experiencing price increases from our suppliers as a result of an inflationary environment. Our intention is to pass along the price increases to our customers but that may not be possible
 for all cost increases. Some manufacturers and suppliers have instituted policies to disallow order cancellations. We may be at risk if a customer cancels an order with us, and we cannot cancel our corresponding order with the supplier.

As we do not stock inventory that is not related to an order we have received from our customers, we depend upon the supply of products available from our vendors to fulfill orders from our customers on a
 timely basis.

The loss of a key vendor or changes in its policies could adversely impact our financial results. Alleged or actual v iolations of a contract that results in
 either the termination of our ability to sell the product or a decrease in our certification level with the vendor could adversely impact our financial results. In addition, a reduction in the trade credit lines or the favorable terms
 granted to us by our vendors and financial partners could increase our need for, and cost of, working capital and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We depend on third-party companies to perform certain of our obligations to our customers, which if not performed adequately could cause significant disruption to our business. 

We rely on arrangements with third parties to perform certain professional services, staffing services, managed services, maintenance, warranties, configuration services, and other services for our customers.
 If these third-parties do not perform these services in accordance with the terms of our agreement and of a professional standard customary for the services, or if they cause disruption of, or security weaknesses in, our customers 
 businesses, results to our organization could include legal claims and associated costs, monetary damages paid to our customers, and an adverse effect on our customer relationships, our brand, and our reputation, and our results of
 operations or cash flows could be affected. In addition, the acquisition of third-party companies that we are relying upon to perform certain of our customer obligations, by our competitors may impact our revenue.

We rely on independent shipping companies to deliver products from us and our vendors to our customers. The failure or inability of these shipping companies to deliver products, or the unavailability of their
 shipping services, even temporarily, could have an adverse effect on our business. We may also be adversely affected by an increase in freight surcharges that may result from economic, supply-chain, geopolitical, or other disruptions.

We may experience a reduction in incentives offered to us and earned by us from our vendors that would affect our earnings. 

We receive payments and credits from vendors, including consideration pursuant to volume incentive programs, shared marketing expense programs, and early pay discounts. These programs are usually of
 finite terms and may not be renewed or may be changed in a way that adversely affects us. Vendor funding is used to offset inventory costs, costs of goods sold, marketing costs and other operating expenses. Certain of these funds are
 based on our volume of purchases, growth rate of purchases, and marketing programs. If we do not grow our sales over prior periods, or if we do not comply with the terms of these programs, or
 do not sell certain products that earn the incentive, there could be a material negative effect on the amount of incentives offered or paid to us by vendors. Supply chain constraints and staffing challenges may affect our ability to
 meet these volume requirements and may affect our and our vendors ability to engage in marketing programs. We may not continue to receive such incentives or may not be able to collect outstanding amounts relating to these incentives
 in a timely manner, or at all. Any sizeable reduction in, the discontinuance of, a significant delay in receiving, or the inability to collect such incentives, particularly related to incentive programs with our largest vendors, could
 have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to react timely to any fundamental changes in the programs of vendors, including the elimination of funding for some of
 the activities for which we have been compensated in the past, such changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

16 

Table of Contents 

We may fail to innovate or create new solutions which align with changing market and customer demand, and we face substantial competition from other companies. 

As a provider of a comprehensive set of solutions, which involves the offering of bundled solutions consisting of direct IT sales, advanced professional and managed services, our propriety software, and
 financing, we expect to encounter some of the challenges, risks, difficulties, and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies providing bundled solutions in rapidly evolving markets. Some of these challenges include our ability
 to increase the total number of users of our services, adapt to meet changes in our markets and competitive developments, or continue to update our technology to enhance the features and functionality of our suite of products. Our
 personnel must continually stay current with vendor and marketplace technology advancements, create solutions which may integrate evolving vendor products and services, as well as services and solutions we provide, to meet changing
 marketplace and customer demand. Further, we may provide customized solutions and services that are solely reliant on our own marketing, design, and fulfillment services, and we may lack the skills or personnel to execute. Our failure
 to innovate and provide bespoke value to our customers may erode our competitive position, market share and lead to reduced revenue and financial performance.

In all of our markets, some of our competitors have longer operating histories and greater financial, technical, marketing, and other resources than we do. In addition, some of these competitors may be able to
 respond more quickly to new or changing opportunities, technologies, and customer requirements. Many current competitors may have, and potential competitors may have, greater name recognition, engage in more extensive promotional
 marketing and advertising activities, offer more attractive terms to customers, and adopt more aggressive pricing and credit policies than we do.

In our technology segment, we compete in all areas of our business against local, regional, national, and international firms, including other direct marketers; national and regional resellers; online
 marketplace competitors; and regional, national, and international service providers. In addition, we face competition from vendors, which may choose to market their products directly to end-users, rather than through channel partners
 such as our company, and this could adversely affect our future sales. Many competitors compete based principally on price and may have lower costs or accept lower selling prices than we do and, therefore, our gross margins may not be
 maintainable. Online marketplace competitors are continually improving their pricing and offerings to customers as well as ease of use of their online marketplaces. Our competitors may offer better or different products and services
 than we offer. In addition, we do not have guaranteed purchasing volume commitments from our customers and, therefore, our sales volume may be volatile.

In our financing segment, we face competition from many sources including much larger companies with greater financial resources. Our competition may originate from vendors of the products we finance or
 financial partners who choose to market directly to customers through the vendors captive leasing organization or large or regional financial institutions such as banks with substantially lower cost of funds. Our competition may lower
 lease rates to increase market share. Historically, our financing segment is very transaction-based and has had volatility in its results of operations primarily due to large transaction gains derived from large transactions with system
 integrators where the federal government is the end user, and customer-driven events such as early buyouts or terminations. These transactions are unpredictable and often outsized. There is no guarantee that we will continue to
 originate large transaction gains or that customers will drive large post contract earnings in the future. In addition, customers may decrease demand for leasing as a result of the adoption of Codification Topic 842, Leases Codification Topic 842 which requires certain transactions be recorded on balance sheet.

We may not have adequately designed or maintained our IT platforms for internal use or solutions we offer to our customers or have adequate or competent IT personnel to support our business. 

We depend heavily upon the accuracy and reliability of our information, telecommunication, cybersecurity, and other platforms which are used for customer management, sales, distribution, marketing,
 purchasing, inventory management, order processing and fulfillment, customer service and general accounting functions. We must continually maintain, secure, and improve our systems. We may not properly select or implement software
 which may result in the lack of data integrity within or between systems, increase our costs or impair our control environment or may lead to other negative impacts on our business or results. We may need to implement new software, or
 make changes to existing software and processes, to be compliant with rapidly evolving data privacy laws, which may incur costs and impact data integrity. The protections we have in place address a variety of threats to our
 information technology systems, both internal and external, including human error. Inadequate security practices or design of our IT systems, or IT systems from third parties which we utilize, or third-party service providers failure
 to provide adequate services could result in the disclosure of sensitive or confidential information or personal information or cause other business interruptions that could damage our reputation and disrupt our business. Inadequate design or interruption of our information systems, Internet availability, telecommunications systems or power failures could have a material adverse effect on our business, our reputation,
 financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations. 

17 

Table of Contents 

Our managed services business requires us to monitor our customers devices on their networks across varying levels of service. If we have not designed our IT systems to provide this service accurately or if
 there is a security breach in our IT system or the customers systems, we may be liable for claims. In addition, we rely on our managed services personnel to perform this monitoring service. Illness or insufficient staffing, or improper
 training, performance, or supervision may negatively affect the services we provide our customers resulting in decreased revenue and the potential for litigation.

Products as complex as those used to provide our solutions or cloud automation solutions can contain unknown and undetected errors, performance problems, or use open-source code. We may have serious defects
 following introduction of new products or enhancements to existing products. Undetected errors or performance problems may be discovered in the future and certain errors we consider to be minor may be serious to our customers.

Our products, or automation solutions, may be inadvertently harmed, such as during a product integration or upgrade, or may be circumvented or sabotaged by third parties such as hackers, which could
 result in the disclosure of sensitive information or personal information, unauthorized procurement, or cause other business interruptions that could damage our reputation and disrupt our business. Attacks may range from random
 attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crime and advanced persistent threats . In addition, our customers may experience a loss in connectivity to our proprietary
 solutions because of a power loss at our data center, interruption in internet availability, or defects in our solutions. This could result in lost revenues, delays in customer acceptance, security breaches, and unforeseen liabilities
 that could be detrimental to our reputation and to our business. 

We rely on the competency of our internal IT personnel. Our failure to hire, develop, retain, and supervise competent IT personnel to secure our data, as well as design and maintain resilient technology
 systems including our data and voice networks, infrastructure, and applications, could significantly interrupt our business causing a negative impact on our results.

If we fail to identify acquisition candidates, or perform sufficient due diligence prior to completing an acquisition, or fail to integrate a completed acquisition our earnings may be affected. 

Mergers and acquisitions are significant factors in our growth strategy. If we fail to identify businesses available for purchase or at an acceptable valuation, our growth strategy may be negatively affected
 and, as such, may negatively affect our results of operations.

Our ability to successfully integrate the operations we acquire, reduce costs, or leverage these operations to generate revenue and earnings growth, could significantly impact future revenue and earnings.
 Integrating acquired operations is a significant challenge particularly as the current remote work environment requires at least some tasks be completed remotely, and integration may divert management s attention from other business
 concerns, and there is no assurance that we will be able to manage the integrations successfully. Failure to successfully integrate acquired operations may adversely affect our cost structure thereby reducing our earnings and return on
 investment. In addition, we may fail to perform adequate due diligence and acquire entities with unknown liabilities, fraud, cultural or business environment issues, or that may not have adequate internal controls as may be required by
 law.

If we acquire a company that does not fit culturally, strategically, or in some other fashion, the acquisition may not produce the expected results or may negatively affect our reputation, which may
 negatively affect our business, results of operations, or cash flows. The unpredictability of the economy, order backlogs, and inflation will also make it difficult to properly value or anticipate the future success of
 acquisition targets and impact our overall growth strategy.

18 

Table of Contents 

Our results of operations are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency. 

We have several foreign subsidiaries and conduct business in various countries and currencies. As result of these foreign operations, we have exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency rates resulting primarily from the translation
 exposure associated with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. While our consolidated financial statements are reported in US dollars, the financial statements of our subsidiaries outside the US are prepared using
 the local currency as the functional currency and translated into US dollars. As a result, fluctuations in the exchange rate of the US dollar relative to the functional currencies of our subsidiaries could cause fluctuations in our
 results of operations. However, our operations in foreign countries are insignificant. We also have foreign currency exposure to the extent net sales and purchases are not denominated in a subsidiary s functional currency, which could
 have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or cash flows.

A natural disaster or other adverse event at one of our primary configuration centers, data center, or a third-party provider location could negatively impact our business. 

We have configuration centers and data centers in the US and third-party providers in the UK and Netherlands. The configuration centers contain inventory owned by us and our customers, which serve as distribution centers for orders
 we do not drop ship directly to the customer. We perform services in those configuration centers such as product configuration services, and warehouse and logistics services. If the configuration centers or surrounding infrastructure
 were to be seriously damaged or disrupted by a natural disaster or other adverse event, including disruption related to political or social unrest, we could utilize another distribution center or third-party distributors to ship
 products to our customers. However, this may not be sufficient to avoid interruptions in our service or the loss of inventory at that location and may not enable us to meet all of the needs of our customers and would cause us to incur
 incremental operating costs. In addition, we operate in facilities which may contain both business-critical data and confidential information of our customers and third parties, such as data center colocation and hosted solution
 partners. A natural disaster or other adverse event at locations such as these or third-party provider locations could negatively impact our business, results of operations or cash flows.

Actual or anticipated epidemics, pandemics, outbreaks, or other public health crises may adversely affect our customers and suppliers financial condition and the operations of our business. 

Our business could be materially and adversely affected by the impact of any epidemic, pandemic, outbreak, or other public health crisis. The risk of any epidemic, pandemic, outbreak or other public health
 crisis could cause customers to delay or cancel orders and could cause temporary or long-term disruptions in our supply chains and/or delays in the delivery of our products and services to our customers. Quarantines or other
 cancellations of public events as well as governmental containment actions could also adversely affect our customers financial condition, resulting in reduced spending for the products and services we sell or uncollectible accounts
 receivable, leases or notes receivable or our customers ability to receive goods we ship to their locations. Moreover, any epidemic, pandemic, outbreak, or other public health crisis could adversely affect our ability to adequately
 staff and manage our businesses. Risks or regulations related to an epidemic, pandemic, or other health crisis may continue to lead to the complete or partial closure of one or more of our offices or configuration centers or the
 operations of our customers or our sourcing partners. Office closures of our customers may reduce our ability to provide onsite professional services and staffing.

Our earnings may fluctuate, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock. 

Our earnings are susceptible to fluctuations for several reasons, including, but not limited to, variability in the timing of large transactions in our technology and financing segments, product
 constraints, inflation, and the risk factors discussed herein . In addition, our cost structure is based, in part, on expected sales and gross profit. Therefore, if we experience any
 unexpected sales or gross profit shortfall for any reason, we may not be able to adjust our cost structure rapidly which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or cash flows. In the event our sales or net
 earnings are less than the level expected by the market in general, such shortfall could have an immediate and significant adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. 

We may be required to take impairment charges for goodwill or other intangible assets related to acquisitions. 

We have acquired certain portions of our business and assets through acquisitions. Further, as part of our long-term business strategy, we may continue to pursue acquisitions of other companies or assets. In
 connection with prior acquisitions, we have accounted for the portion of the purchase price paid in excess of the book value of the assets acquired as goodwill or intangible assets, and we may be required to account for similar premiums
 paid on future acquisitions in the same manner.

Under the applicable accounting principles, goodwill is not amortized and is carried on our books at its original value, subject to annual review and evaluation for impairment, whereas intangible assets are
 amortized over the life of the asset. Changes in the business itself, the economic environment (including business valuation levels and trends), or the legislative or regulatory environment may trigger a review and evaluation of our
 goodwill and intangible assets for potential impairment outside of the normal review periods. These changes may adversely affect either the fair value of the business or our individual reporting units and we may be required to take an
 impairment charge.

19 

Table of Contents 

If market and economic conditions deteriorate, this could increase the likelihood that we will need to record impairment charges to the extent the carrying value of our goodwill exceeds the fair value of our
 overall business. Such impairment charges could materially adversely affect our net earnings during the period in which the impairment is realized. As of March 31, 2023, we had a carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets of
 136.1 million and 25.0 million, respectively.

We may not be able to realize our entire investment in the equipment we lease. 

The realization of the residual value of the equipment we lease, predominantly at the end of the term of a lease, as well as during the life of the lease, is an important element in our financing segment. At
 the inception of certain leases, we record a residual value for the leased equipment based on our estimate of the value of the equipment at the expected disposition date.

A decrease in the market value of leased equipment at a rate greater than the rate we projected, whether due to rapid technological or economic obsolescence, excessive or unusual wear and tear on the
 equipment, or other factors, would adversely affect the recoverability of the estimated residual values of such equipment. Further, certain equipment residual values are dependent on the vendor s warranties, reputation, rules regarding
 relicensing of software to operate the equipment, and other factors, including market liquidity. In addition, we may not realize the full market value of equipment if we need to sell it to meet liquidity needs or for other reasons
 outside of the ordinary course of business. Consequently, there can be no assurance that we will realize our estimated residual values for equipment.

The degree of residual realization risk varies by transaction type. Sales-type leases bear less risk because contractual payments typically cover 90 or more of the equipment s lease cost at inception.
 Operating leases have a higher degree of risk because a smaller percentage of the equipment s value is covered by contractual cash flows at lease inception.

RISKS RELATED TO THE ECONOMY AND OUR INDUSTRY

General economic weakness may harm our operating results and financial condition. 

Our results of operations are largely dependent upon the state of the economy. Global economic weakness, inflation, rising cost and interest rates, and other economic uncertainties may result in decreased
 sales, gross margin, earnings and/or growth rates from our US based customers and from customers outside the US. Actions taken by central banks to counter inflation or weakness in the global banking industry, sustained uncertainty about
 global political conditions, periods of intense diplomatic or armed conflict (such as the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and responsive sanctions against Russia), government spending cuts and the impact of new government
 policies (including the introduction of new or increased taxes, the imposition of minimum taxes or new or increased limitations on deductions, credits or other tax benefits), or a tightening of credit markets, or rising interest rates,
 could cause our customers and potential customers to postpone or reduce spending on technology products or services which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or cash flows.

Rising interest rates or the loss of key lenders or the constricting of credit markets may affect our future profitability and our ability to monetize our financing receivables and investments in operating
 leases. 

We finance transactions with our customers utilizing fix-rate borrowing. If we fund such transactions at inception with a third-party lender, we are able to lock an interest rate spread on the transaction
 between the customer rate and third-party rate. However, we may delay funding the transaction, and if interest rates increase in the interim, the interest rate spread will decrease, which will adversely impact our profitability, or we
 may not choose to fund the transaction due to higher interest rates, thus inhibiting our ability to monetize our portfolio to generate cash.

We rely on lenders to fund financing transactions we originate with our customers. Loss of any lender or group of lenders may significantly impact our ability to originate financing transactions, which may
 negatively impact our financial condition. In addition, our lenders may no longer be willing to provide funding under our current terms and conditions and may demand updated terms and conditions that negatively impact our ability to
 consummate a financing transaction with our customers. The current banking environment, particularly in the technology sector, is under regulatory and consumer scrutiny in the wake of recent bank failures such as Silicon Valley Bank,
 which may make it more difficult for us to obtain required capital and on desirable terms. We are also subject to changes, if any, in our lenders willingness to provide financing for different, particularly lower, credit quality
 lessees, or lessees in certain market segments that may experience headwinds. Changes in interest rates, the federal government s early termination of contracts, or other factors may make it more difficult or impossible for us to find
 or maintain lenders needed for us to profitably finance leasing solutions where the government is the end-user, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or cash flows.

20 

Table of Contents 

Changes in the IT industry, customers usage, or procurement of IT, and/or rapid changes in product standards may result in reduced demand for the IT hardware and software solutions and services we sell as
 well as financing. 

Our results of operations are influenced by a variety of factors, including the condition of the IT industry, shifts in demand for, or availability of, IT hardware, software, peripherals and services, and
 industry introductions of new products, upgrades, methods of distribution, and the nature of how IT is consumed and procured. The IT industry is characterized by rapid technological change and the frequent introduction of new products,
 product enhancements and new distribution methods or channels, each of which can decrease demand for current products or render them obsolete. In addition, the proliferation of cloud technology, IaaS, SaaS, PaaS, software defined
 networking, or other emerging technologies may reduce the demand for products and services we sell to our customers. Cloud offerings may influence our customers to move workloads to cloud providers, which may reduce the procurement of
 products and services from us. Changes in the IT industry may also affect the demand for our advanced professional and managed services. These as a service offerings in many cases are recorded on a net basis which results in a
 reduction of net sales and an increase in gross margin, or on a ratable basis. Over the past several years, we have seen a significant increase in gross billings recorded on a net basis and a ratable basis due to the industry shift to
 as a service offerings. In addition, these as a service offerings that are billed over time decrease the demand for financing these types of transactions and do not provide post contract revenue opportunities due to the intangible
 nature of the offering as well as similar other software offerings. We have invested a significant amount of capital in our strategy to provide certain products and services, and this strategy may adversely impact our financial position
 due to competition or changes in the industry or improper focus or selection of the products and services we decide to offer. If we fail to react in a timely manner to such changes, our results of operations may be adversely affected.
 Our sales can be dependent on demand for specific product categories, and any change in demand for, or supply of, such products could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

We depend on continued innovations in hardware, software, and service offerings by our vendors, as well as the competitiveness of their offerings and our ability to partner with new and emerging technology providers. 

The technology industry is characterized by rapid innovation and the frequent introduction of new and enhanced hardware, software, and service offerings, such as cloud-based solutions, including IaaS, SaaS, and PaaS. We depend on
 innovations in hardware, software, and service offerings by our vendors, as well as the acceptance of those innovations by our customers for the offerings we sell. A decrease in the rate of innovation by our vendors, or the lack of
 acceptance of innovations by our customers, or a shift by customers to technology platforms that we do not sell could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or cash flows.

In addition, if we are unable to keep up with changes in technology and new hardware, software, and service offerings for example by not providing the appropriate training to our account managers, sales technology specialists and
 engineers to enable them to effectively sell and deliver such new offerings to customers our business, results of operations or cash flows could be adversely affected.

We also depend upon our vendors for the development and marketing of hardware, software, and services to compete effectively with hardware, software, and services of vendors whose products and services we do not currently offer or
 are not authorized to offer in one or more customer channels. In addition, our success depends on our ability to develop relationships with and sell hardware, software, and services from emerging vendors, as well as vendors that we have
 not historically represented in the marketplace. To the extent that a vendor s offering that is highly in demand is not available to us for resale in one or more customer channels, and there is not a competitive offering from another
 vendor that we are authorized to sell in such customer channels, or we are unable to develop relationships with new technology providers or companies that we have not historically represented, or we partner with a vendor that is not in
 demand or the demand for whose products significantly decreases, our business, results of operations, or cash flows could be adversely impacted.

21 

Table of Contents 

RISKS RELATED TO LAWS AND REGULATIONS

Failure to comply with new laws or changes to existing laws may adversely impact our business. 

Our operations are subject to numerous US and foreign laws and regulations in a number of areas including, but not limited to, areas of labor and employment, immigration, advertising, e-commerce, patent and copyright, tax, import and
 export requirements, anti-corruption, data privacy requirements, anti-competition, and environmental, health, and safety. We are also subject to a vast number of pending laws, such as state privacy laws, and securities laws such as the
 SEC s proposed rules on climate-related disclosures and proposed amended rules on cybersecurity risk management. Compliance with these laws, regulations, and similar requirements may be onerous and expensive. The laws and regulations
 may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and may be repeatedly and unpredictably modified or rescinded by legislative bodies, regulatory agencies, and/or courts, further increasing the cost of compliance and doing business,
 and the risk of noncompliance. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to help comply with applicable laws and regulations, but there can be no certainty that our employees, contractors, or agents will fully comply with
 laws and regulations or our policies and procedures. Additionally, as our customers and vendors implement policies and processes for their own compliance with current, anticipated, and pending laws and regulations, they may impose
 requirements on us, which we may not be able to timely and cost-effectively fulfill.

We may not adequately protect ourselves through our contract vehicles, or our insurance policies may not be adequate to address potential losses or claims. 

Our contracts may not protect us against the risks inherent in our business including, but not limited to, warranties, limitations of liability, indemnification obligations, human resources and
 subcontractor-related claims, patent and product liability, regulatory and compliance obligations, data security and privacy, and financing activities. Also, we face pressure from our
 customers for competitive pricing and contract terms. In addition, order cancellations by our customers may result from product constraints, or other economic concerns. While we may mitigate risk through our contracts, if orders are
 cancelled by our customers, we may have an increased risk of dispute resulting in non-payment. Such disputes may be complicated by novel legal arguments relating to contract enforceability, such as the application of force majeure,
 impossibility or impracticability of performance, and frustration of purpose. Despite the non-recourse nature of the loans financing certain of our activities, non-recourse lenders may file suit if the underlying transaction turns out
 poorly for the lenders. We are subject to such claims and the cost of defending such claims due to the nature of our business. 

We also are subject to audits by various vendor partners and customers, including government agencies, relating to purchases and sales under various contracts. In addition, we are subject to indemnification
 claims under various contracts.

Failure to comply with our public-sector contracts or applicable laws and regulations could result in, among other things, termination, fines or other liabilities, and changes in procurement regulations could adversely impact our
 business. 

Revenues in our public sector are derived from sales to SLED customers, through various contracts and open market sales of products and services. Sales to SLED customers are highly regulated and SLED customer purchases are subject to
 availability of funds from taxation, grants, or other sources. Noncompliance with contract provisions, government procurement regulations, or other applicable laws or regulations could result in civil, criminal, and administrative
 liability, including substantial monetary fines or damages, termination of SLED sector customer contracts, and suspension, debarment, or ineligibility from doing business with the government and other customers in the SLED sector.
 Contracts in the SLED sector are generally terminable at any time for convenience of the contracting agency or upon default and are subject to audits. In addition, most contracts require successfully bidding and award of the contract.
 These bid processes can be complex and require extensive review of terms and conditions and data compilation. Multiple bidders may win a product category, which creates aggressive competition even after contract award. The effect of any
 of these possible actions could adversely affect our business, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, the adoption of new or modified procurement regulations and other requirements may increase our compliance costs and reduce
 our gross margins, which could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations, or cash flows.

We face risks of claims from third parties for intellectual property infringement, including counterfeit products, that could harm our business. 

We may be subject to claims that our products and services, or products that we resell, infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties and/or are counterfeit products. In addition, the current
 product constraint environment may foster more counterfeit product availability and we may be subject to claims by our customers, vendors, or suppliers for unknowingly selling these types of products. The vendor of certain products or
 services we resell may not provide us with indemnification for infringement or indemnification; however, our customers may seek indemnification from us. We could incur substantial costs in defending infringement claims against ourselves
 and our customers. In the event of such claims, we and our customers may be required to obtain one or more licenses from third parties. We may not be able to obtain such licenses from third parties at a reasonable cost or at all.
 Defense of any lawsuit or failure to obtain any such required license could significantly increase our expenses and/or adversely affect our ability to offer one or more of our services.

22 

Table of Contents 

We may be unable to protect our intellectual property and costs to protect our intellectual property may affect our earnings. 

The success of our business strategy depends, in part, upon proprietary technology and other intellectual property rights. To date, we have relied primarily on a combination of copyright, trademark, and
 trade secret laws, and contractual provisions with our customers, subcontractors, and employees to protect our proprietary technology. It may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy certain portions of our products
 or reverse engineer or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Some of our agreements with our customers and technology licensors contain residual clauses regarding confidentiality and the rights of third parties to
 obtain the source code for our products. These provisions may limit our ability to protect our intellectual property rights in the future that could seriously harm our business and operating results.
 Our means of protecting our intellectual property rights may not be adequate. 

The legal and associated costs to protect our intellectual property in the US and foreign jurisdictions may significantly increase our expenses and have a material adverse effect on our operating results. We
 may deem it necessary to protect our intellectual property rights and significant expenses could be incurred with no certainty of the results of these potential actions. Costs relative to lawsuits are usually expensed in the periods
 incurred and there is no certainty in recouping any of the amounts expended regardless of the outcome of any action.

RISKS RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR STOCK

If securities analysts do not publish research or reports about our company, or if they issue unfavorable commentary about us or our industry or downgrade our common stock, the price of our common stock could decline. 

The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that third-party securities analysts publish about us and our industry. One or more analysts could downgrade our common stock, or issue other
 negative commentary about us or our industry. If one or more of the analysts that publish research about us cease coverage, we could lose visibility in the market, or such discontinuance may be viewed negatively by the market. As a
 result of one or more of these factors, the trading price of our common stock could decline. In the event our future performance does not meet the expectations of such analysts and/or estimates included in their reports, the trading
 price of our common stock could decline.

Future offerings of debt or equity securities, which would rank senior to our common stock, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

If, in the future, we decide to issue debt or equity securities that rank senior to our common stock, it is likely that such securities will be governed by an indenture or other instrument containing covenants restricting our
 operating flexibility. Additionally, any convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue in the future may have rights, preferences, and privileges more favorable than those of our common stock and may result in dilution to owners
 of our common stock. We and, indirectly, our stockholders, will bear the cost of issuing and servicing such securities. Because our decision to issue debt or equity securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and
 other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, or nature of our future offerings, if any. Thus, holders of our common stock will bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our
 common stock and diluting the value of their holdings in our common stock.

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES

As of March 31, 2023, we leased a total of 326 thousand square feet of office and warehouse space across 20 properties, primarily in the US, that are used in our technology segment and financing segment. Our
 leases expire at varying dates over the next 10 years. We have certain employees that work at customer sites or from their homes. Additionally, we utilize coworking spaces in certain cities. Our largest office space is our headquarters
 in Herndon, Virginia. Our lease on this space terminates on December 31, 2024.

We anticipate no difficulty in retaining occupancy through lease renewals, month-to-month occupancy, or replacing leased properties with equivalent properties. We believe that suitable additional or substitute
 leased properties will be available as required.

23 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, please refer to Note 10 , Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this
 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not Applicable

24 

Table of Contents 

PART II

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

MARKET INFORMATION

On March 31, 2023, our common stock traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol PLUS. 

On May 1, 2023, there were 215 stockholders of record of our common stock, although there is a much larger number of beneficial owners.

DIVIDEND POLICIES AND RESTRICTIONS

We did not pay any cash dividends on our common stock during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022. Holders of our common stock are entitled to dividends if and when declared by our Board of
 Directors Board ), out of funds legally available. Generally, we have retained our earnings for use in the business and to repurchase our common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings to fund ongoing operations, finance
 the growth and development of our business and continue to repurchase our common stock. Any future determination concerning the payment of dividends will depend upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements
 and any other factors deemed relevant by our Board.

PURCHASES OF OUR COMMON STOCK

The following table provides information regarding our purchases of our common stock during the three months ended March 31, 2023. Please refer to Note 12 , Stockholders Equity in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional
 information. 

Period

Total 

 number of shares purchased (1)

Average

 price paid per share

Total number of 

 shares purchased

 as part of publicly

 announced plans or 

 programs

Maximum number 

 of shares that may

 yet be purchased 

 under the plans or

 programs (2)

January 1, 2023 through January 31, 2023

0

-

0

1,000,000

February 1, 2023 through February 28, 2023

0

-

0

1,000,000

March 1, 2023 through March 31, 2023

2,500

48.65

2,500

997,500

Total

2,500

2,500

(1) 

All shares were acquired in open-market purchases.

(2) 

The amounts presented in this column are the remaining number of shares that may be repurchased after repurchases during the month. On March 24, 2022, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 1,000,000 shares
 of our outstanding common stock, over a 12-month period beginning May 28, 2022. On March 22, 2023, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 1,000,000 shares of our outstanding
 common stock, over a 12-month period beginning May 28, 2023. 

ITEM 6. 

[RESERVED]

25 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations (the financial review of e Plus is intended to help investors understand
 our company and our operations. The financial review is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, the Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this report.

EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW

BUSINESS DESCRIPTION

We provide leading IT products and services, flexible leasing and financing solutions, and enterprise supply management to enable our customers to optimize their IT infrastructure and supply chain processes.

We design, implement, and provide IT solutions for customers. We focus primarily on specialized IT segments including data center infrastructure, networking, security, cloud, and collaboration. Our solutions
 incorporate hardware and software products from multiple leading IT vendors. As our customers IT requirements have grown increasingly complex, we have evolved our offerings by investing in our professional and managed services
 capabilities and by expanding our relationships with existing and emerging key vendors.

We are an authorized reseller of over 1,500 vendors, which have enabled us to provide our customers with new and evolving IT solutions. We possess top-level engineering certifications with a broad range of
 leading IT vendors that enable us to offer IT solutions that are optimized for each of our customers specific requirements. Our proprietary software solutions allow our customers to procure, control and automate their IT solutions
 environment.

BUSINESS TRENDS

We believe the following key business trends are impacting our business performance and our ability to achieve business results:

General economic concerns including inflation, rising interest rates, staffing shortages, remote work trends, and global unrest may impact our customers willingness to spend on technology and
 services.

A worldwide shortage of certain IT products is resulting from, among other things, shortages in semiconductors and other product components. Like others in the industry, we are experiencing
 ongoing supply constraints that have affected, and could continue to further affect, lead times for delivery of products, our having to carry more inventory for longer periods, the cost of products, vendor return and
 cancellation policies, and our ability to meet customer demands. We continue to work closely with our suppliers to further mitigate disruptions outside our control. Despite these actions, we believe extended lead times will
 likely persist for at least the next few quarters.

We are experiencing increases in prices from our suppliers, as well as rising wages and interest rates. We generally have been able to pass price increases to our customers. Our labor costs
 related to services we perform will take longer to pass to customers that have service engagements where prices may be set. Our financing quotes are generally indexed to market changes to enable us to change rates from time of
 quote to funding. Financing transactions funded with our cash flows, not debt, are subject to interest rate risk. If the market interest rate exceeds our internal rate of return, we may not fund the transaction to obtain the
 proceeds and lock in our profit on the transaction. Accordingly, inflation could have a material impact on our sales, gross profit, or operating costs in the future.

Customers top focus areas include security, cloud solutions, hybrid work environments (work from home, work from anywhere, and return to office), as well as digital transformation and
 modernization. We have developed advisory services, solutions, and professional and managed services to meet these priorities and help our customers attain and maintain their desired outcome.

Modernizing legacy applications, data modernization, reducing operational complexity, securing workloads, the cost and performance of IT operations, and agility are changing the way companies are
 purchasing and consuming technology. These are fueling deployments of solutions on cloud, managed services and hybrid platforms and licensing models, which may include invoicing over the term of the agreement.

26 

Table of Contents 

Rapid cloud adoption has led to customer challenges around increasing costs, security concerns, and skillset gaps. These challenges are consistent across all industries and sizes. We have
 developed a Cloud Managed Services portfolio to address these needs, allowing our clients to focus on driving business outcomes via optimized and secure cloud platforms.

KEY BUSINESS METRICS

Our management monitors several financial and non-financial measures and ratios on a regular basis to track the progress of our business. We believe that the most important of these measures and ratios include net sales, gross
 margin, operating income margin, net earnings, and net earnings per common share, in each case based on information prepared in accordance with US GAAP, as well as the non-GAAP financial measures and ratios, including Adjusted EBITDA,
 Adjusted EBITDA margin, Non-GAAP: Net earnings and Non-GAAP: Net earnings per common share. We use a variety of operating and other information to evaluate the operating performance of our business, develop financial forecasts, make
 strategic decisions, and prepare and approve annual budgets. We use Gross billings as an operational metric to assess the volume of transactions within our Technology segment as well as to understand changes in our accounts receivable.
 We believe Gross billings will aid investors in the same manner.

These key indicators include financial information that is prepared in accordance with US GAAP and presented in our consolidated financial statements, as well as non-GAAP and operational performance measurement tools. Generally, a
 non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company s performance or financial position that either excludes or includes amounts that are correspondingly not normally excluded or included in the most directly comparable
 measure calculated and presented in accordance with US GAAP. Our use of non-GAAP information as analytical tools has limitations, and you should not consider them in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our financial results
 reported under GAAP, as these measures used by management may differ from similar measures used by other companies, even when similar terms are used to identify such measures.

Set forth in footnotes (1) and (2) of the tables that immediately follow this paragraph, we set forth our reasons for using and presenting Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Non-GAAP: Net earnings and Non-GAAP: Net earnings per
 common share-diluted in the tables and discussion that follow.

27 

Table of Contents 

The following table provides our key business metrics (in thousands, except per share amounts):

Year Ended March 31,

Consolidated 

2023

2022

2021

Financial Metrics 

Net sales

2,067,718

1,821,019

1,568,323

Gross profit

517,524

460,982

393,554

Gross margin

25.0

25.3

25.1

Operating income margin

8.0

8.1

6.8

Net earnings

119,356

105,600

74,397

Net earnings margin

5.8

5.8

4.7

Net earnings per common share - diluted

4.48

3.93

2.77

Non-GAAP Financial Metrics 

Non-GAAP: Net earnings (1)

133,931

117,964

85,567

Non-GAAP: Net earnings per common share - diluted (1)

5.02

4.39

3.19

Adjusted EBITDA (2)

190,592

170,004

128,245

Adjusted EBITDA margin

9.2

9.3

8.2

Technology Segment 

Financial Metrics 

Net sales

2,015,245

1,733,036

1,507,954

Gross profit

474,490

408,153

346,235

Gross margin

23.5

23.6

23.0

Operating income

140,110

109,000

75,665

Non-GAAP Financial Metric 

Adjusted EBITDA (2)

164,184

131,353

97,219

Operational Metric 

Gross billings (3)

Data Center / Cloud

892,308

828,002

723,971

Networking

927,319

709,687

590,690

Security

639,416

476,339

418,499

Collaboration

127,027

131,941

91,833

Other

282,748

240,586

236,707

Product gross billings

2,868,818

2,386,555

2,061,700

Service billings

277,070

239,194

210,136

Total gross billings

3,145,888

2,625,749

2,271,836

Financing Segment 

Financial Metrics 

Net sales

52,473

87,983

60,369

Gross profit

43,034

52,829

47,319

Operating income

26,052

38,316

30,670

Non-GAAP Financial Metric 

Adjusted EBITDA (2)

26,408

38,651

31,026

(1) Non-GAAP: Net earnings and Non-GAAP: Net earnings per common share diluted are based on net earnings calculated in accordance with US GAAP, adjusted to exclude other income (expense), share-based
 compensation, and acquisition and integration expenses, and the related tax effects.

We use Non-GAAP: Net earnings and Non-GAAP: Net earnings per common share diluted as supplemental measures of our performance to gain insight into our operating performance and performance trends. We
 believe that the exclusion of other income and acquisition-related amortization expense in calculating Non-GAAP: Net earnings and Non-GAAP: Net earnings per common share diluted provides management and investors a useful measure for
 period-to-period comparisons of our business and operating results by excluding items that management believes are not reflective of our underlying operating performance. Accordingly, we believe that Non-GAAP: Net earnings and Non-GAAP:
 Net earnings per common share diluted provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results. However, our use of non-GAAP information as analytical tools has limitations, and you
 should not consider them in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our financial results as reported under US GAAP. In addition, other companies, including companies in our industry, might calculate similar Non-GAAP: Net earnings
 and Non-GAAP: Net earnings per common share diluted or similarly titled measures differently, which may reduce their usefulness as comparative measures.

28 

Table of Contents 

The following table provides our calculation of Non-GAAP: Net earnings and Non-GAAP: Net earnings per common share diluted (in thousands, except per share amounts):

Year Ended March 31,

2023

2022

2021

GAAP: Earnings before tax

162,974

146,884

106,906

Share based compensation

7,824

7,114

7,167

Acquisition and integration expense

-

-

271

Acquisition related amortization expense

9,411

10,072

9,116

Other (income) expense

3,188

432

(571

Non-GAAP: Earnings before provision for income taxes

183,397

164,502

122,889

GAAP: Provision for income taxes

43,618

41,284

32,509

Share based compensation

2,104

2,014

2,188

Acquisition and integration expense

-

-

78

Acquisition related amortization expense

2,527

2,803

2,730

Other (income) expense

950

120

(143

Tax benefit (expense) on restricted stock

267

317

(40

Non-GAAP: Provision for income taxes

49,466

46,538

37,322

Non-GAAP: Net earnings

133,931

117,964

85,567

Year Ended March 31,

2023

2022

2021

GAAP: Net earnings per common share - diluted

4.48

3.93

2.77

Share based compensation

0.21

0.20

0.19

Acquisition and integration expense

-

-

0.01

Acquisition related amortization expense

0.26

0.26

0.24

Other (income) expense

0.08

0.01

(0.02

Tax benefit (expense) on restricted stock

(0.01

(0.01

-

Total non-GAAP adjustments - net of tax

0.54

0.46

0.42

Non-GAAP: Net earnings per common share - diluted

5.02

4.39

3.19

(2) We define Adjusted EBITDA as net earnings calculated in accordance with US GAAP, adjusted for the following: interest expense, depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation, acquisition and
 integration expenses, provision for income taxes, and other income. Segment Adjusted EBITDA is defined as operating income calculated in accordance with US GAAP, adjusted for interest expense, share-based compensation, acquisition and
 integration expenses, and depreciation and amortization. We consider the interest on notes payable from our financing segment and depreciation expense presented within cost of sales, which includes depreciation on assets financed as
 operating leases, to be operating expenses. As such, they are not included in the amounts added back to net earnings in the Adjusted EBITDA calculation. In the table below, we provide a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net earnings,
 which is the most directly comparable financial measure to this non-GAAP financial measure. Adjusted EBITDA margin is our calculation of Adjusted EBITDA divided by net sales.

We use Adjusted EBITDA as a supplemental measure of our performance to gain insight into our operating performance and performance trends. We believe that the exclusion of other income in calculating
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin provides management and investors a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our business and operating results by excluding items that management believes are not reflective of our
 underlying operating performance. Accordingly, we believe that Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results. However, our use of
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin as analytical tools has limitations, and you should not consider them in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our financial results as reported under US GAAP. In addition, other
 companies, including companies in our industry, might calculate Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin or similarly titled measures differently, which may reduce their usefulness as comparative measures.

29 

Table of Contents 

The following table provides our calculations of Adjusted EBITDA (in thousands):

Year Ended March 31,

Consolidated 

2023

2022

2021

Net earnings

119,356

105,600

74,397

Provision for income taxes

43,618

41,284

32,509

Share based compensation

7,824

7,114

7,167

Interest and financing costs

2,897

928

521

Acquisition and integration expense

-

-

271

Depreciation and amortization

13,709

14,646

13,951

Other (income) expense, net 

3,188

432

(571

Adjusted EBITDA

190,592

170,004

128,245

Technology Segment 

Operating income

140,110

109,000

75,665

Depreciation and amortization

13,598

14,535

13,839

Share based compensation

7,579

6,890

6,923

Interest and financing costs

2,897

928

521

Acquisition and integration expense

-

-

271

Adjusted EBITDA

164,184

131,353

97,219

Financing Segment 

Operating income

26,052

38,316

30,670

Depreciation and amortization

111

111

112

Share based compensation

245

224

244

Adjusted EBITDA

26,408

38,651

31,026

(3) Gross billings are the total dollar value of customer purchases of goods and services including shipping charges during the period, net of customer returns and credit memos, sales,
 or other taxes. Gross billings includes the transaction values for certain sales transactions that are recognized on a net basis, and, therefore,
 includes amounts that will not be recognized as revenue. 

FINANCIAL SUMMARY

Net sales : Net sales for the year ended March 31, 2023, increased 13.5 to 2,067.7 million, or an increase of 246.7 million compared to 1,821.0 million in the prior fiscal year. The increase in net
 sales was driven by higher revenues from our technology segment, offset by lower revenues from our financing segment. The increase in sales from the technology segment was due to increases in both product and services sales as a result
 of higher customer demand. The decline in revenues from our financing segment was due to lower proceeds from early lease buyouts and sales of leased equipment.

Gross billings from our technology segment for the year ended March 31, 2023, increased by 19.8 , or 520.1 million, to 3,145.9 million compared to 2,625.7 million in the prior fiscal year. Gross billings
 increased year over year at a faster rate than net sales due to a shift in mix to a higher proportion of third-party maintenance, software assurance, subscriptions/SaaS licenses, and services which we recognize revenue on a net basis.

Gross profit: Consolidated gross profit for the year ended March 31, 2023, increased 12.3 , to 517.5 million, compared to 461.0 million in the prior fiscal year due to increased net sales volume.
 Overall, gross margins were consistent year over year as higher product margins were offset by lower service margins.

Operating expenses: Operating expenses for the year ended March 31, 2023, increased 37.7 million, or 12.0 , to 351.4 million, as compared to 313.7 million in the prior year. Our
 increase in operating expenses was primarily due to an increase of 23.5 million in salaries and benefits and an increase of 12.2 million in general and administrative expenses. Salaries and benefits increased due to an increase in the
 number of employees as well as higher variable compensation corresponding to the increase in gross profit. As of March 31, 2023, we had 1,754 employees, an increase of 11.2 from 1,577 as of March 31,
 2022. 

30 

Table of Contents 

General and administrative expenses also increased due to the increase in employees, as we had higher software, subscription and maintenance fees and travel and entertainment costs. Travel and entertainment increased due to the
 return of in person business meetings and events. The other categories of expenses increased from the increase in personnel. We had higher professional service fees, which was partially due to post go-live support for a new software
 platform within our financing segment.

Provision for credit losses increased 0.8 million primarily due to higher exposure within our financing portfolio. Interest and financing costs increased
 2.2 million due to higher outstanding borrowings. Offsetting these increases, was a decrease of 1.0 million in depreciation and amortization.

Operating income: As a result of the foregoing, operating income for the year ended March 31, 2023, increased 18.9 million, or 12.8 , to 166.2 million and operating margin decreased by 10 basis points
 to 8.0 , as compared to 147.3 million for the year ended March 31, 2022. The increase in operating income was due to increases from our technology segment, which was offset by lower operating income from our financing segment.

Provision for income taxes: Our effective income tax rate for the year ended March 31, 2023, was 26.8 compared to 28.1 in the prior year. The decrease in our effective income tax rate year over year is primarily due to lower
 than forecasted non-deductible expenses, increased benefits from foreign sales along with favorable state return to provision adjustments.

Net earnings: Consolidated net earnings for the year ended March 31, 2023, increased 13.0 to 119.4 million, as compared to 105.6 million for the year ended March 31, 2022, due to an increase in gross
 profit, offset by an increase in operating expenses and foreign exchange losses.

Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended March 31, 2023, was 190.6 million, an increase of 20.6 million, or 12.1 , compared to the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA margin for the year ended March 31, 2023,
 decreased 10 b asis points to 9.2 , as compared to the prior year period of 9.3 . The increase in Adjusted EBITDA was due
 to increases from our technology segment, which was offset by lower Adjusted EBITDA from our financing segment. 

Net earnings per common share diluted for the year ended March 31, 2023, increased 0.55, or 14.0 , to 4.48 per share, as compared to 3.93 per share in the
 prior year. Non-GAAP: Net earnings per common share diluted for the year ended March 31, 2023, increased 0.63, or 14.4 , to 5.02 per share, as compared to 4.39 per share in the prior year.

SEGMENT OVERVIEW

Our operations are conducted through two segments: technology and financing.

Technology Segment 

The technology segment derives revenue from sales of product, project-related advanced professional services, managed services, and staff augmentation. The technology segment sells primarily to corporate
 customers, state and local governments, and higher education institutions on a nationwide basis, with geographic concentrations relating to our physical locations. The technology segment also provides internet-based business-to-business
 supply chain management solutions for information technology products.

Customers who purchase IT equipment and services from us may have a customer master agreement CMA with our company, which stipulates the terms and conditions of the relationship. Some CMAs contain pricing
 arrangements, and most contain mutual voluntary termination clauses. Our other customers place orders using purchase orders without a CMA in place or with other documentation customary for the business. Often, our work with state and
 local governments is based on public bids and our written bid responses. Our service engagements are generally governed by statements of work and are primarily fixed price (with allowance for changes); however, some service agreements
 are based on time and materials.

Technology segment revenue generally falls into the following three categories:

Product revenue: Revenue generated from the sale of third-party hardware, perpetual and subscription software, maintenance,
 software assurance, and services.

Professional services: Revenue generated from our advanced professional services that are performed under time materials,
 fixed fee, or milestone contracts. Professional services include cloud consulting, staff augmentation services, and project management services.

Managed services: Revenue generated from our advanced managed
 services that include managing various aspects of our customers environments and are billed in regular intervals over a contract term, usually between three to five years. Managed services include security solutions,
 storage-as-a-service, cloud hosted services, cloud managed services, and service desk. 

We endeavor to minimize the cost of sales through incentive programs provided by vendors and distributors. The programs we qualify for are generally set by our reseller authorization level with the vendor. The
 authorization level we achieve and maintain governs the types of products we can resell as well as such items as variable discounts applied against the list price, funds provided for the marketing of these products and other special
 promotions. These authorization levels are achieved by us through purchase volume, certifications held by sales executives or engineers and/or contractual commitments by us. The authorization levels are costly to maintain, and these
 programs continually change and, therefore, there is no guarantee of future reductions of costs provided by these vendor consideration programs.

31 

Table of Contents 

Financing Segment 

Our financing segment offers financing solutions to corporations, governmental entities, and educational institutions nationwide and in Canada, the UK, and several other European countries. The financing segment derives revenue from
 leasing IT, medical equipment and other equipment, and the disposition of that equipment at the end of the lease. The financing segment also derives revenues from the financing of third-party software licenses, software assurance,
 maintenance, and other services.

Financing segment revenue generally falls into the following three categories:

Portfolio income: Interest income from financing receivables and rents due under operating leases.

Transactional gains: Net gains or losses on the sale of financial assets.

Post-contract earnings: Month-to-month rents; early termination, prepayment, make-whole or buyout fees; and the sale of off-lease (used) equipment.

We also recognize revenue from events that occur after the initial sale of a financial asset and remarketing fees from certain residual value investments.

During the fiscal year 2023, we implemented a new cloud-based lease accounting application to provide us with a platform for scalable growth, eliminate inefficient processes, and allow us to retire several
 legacy applications.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The Year Ended March 31, 2023, Compared to the Year Ended March 31, 2022

32 

Table of Contents 

TECHNOLOGY SEGMENT

The results of operations for our technology segment for the years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022 were as follows (in thousands):

Year Ended March 31,

Percent 

2023

2022

Change

Change

Financial Metrics 

Net sales

Product

1,750,802

1,492,411

258,391

17.3

Services

264,443

240,625

23,818

9.9

Total

2,015,245

1,733,036

282,209

16.3

Cost of sales

Product

1,370,061

1,175,789

194,272

16.5

Services

170,694

149,094

21,600

14.5

Total

1,540,755

1,324,883

215,872

16.3

Gross profit

474,490

408,153

66,337

16.3

Selling, general, and administrative

317,885

283,690

34,195

12.1

Depreciation and amortization

13,598

14,535

(937

(6.4

Interest and financing costs

2,897

928

1,969

212.2

Operating expenses

334,380

299,153

35,227

11.8

Operating income

140,110

109,000

31,110

28.5

Key Metrics Other Information 

Gross billings

3,145,888

2,625,749

520,139

19.8

Adjusted EBITDA

164,184

131,353

32,831

25.0

Net sales by customer end market:

Telecom, Media Entertainment

532,921

502,408

30,513

6.1

Technology

393,594

250,485

143,109

57.1

SLED

290,624

241,769

48,855

20.2

Healthcare

274,936

270,481

4,455

1.6

Financial Services

156,257

155,160

1,097

0.7

All others

366,913

312,733

54,180

17.3

Total

2,015,245

1,733,036

282,209

16.3

Net sales by type:

Data Center / Cloud

587,097

581,113

5,984

1.0

Networking

803,678

611,488

192,190

31.4

Security

214,459

158,927

55,532

34.9 

Collaboration

57,472

57,244

228

0.4

Other

88,096

83,639

4,457

5.3

ePlus services

264,443

240,625

23,818

9.9

Total

2,015,245

1,733,036

282,209

16.3

33 

Table of Contents 

Net sales: Net sales for the year
 ended March 31, 2023, increased due to an increase in customer demand, primarily from customers in technology and SLED industries, due to customer specific IT related initiatives. P roduct sales increased in networking due to our ability to leverage improvements in the global supply chain and an increase in security product sales as our customers focus on improving their security posture
 in their environments . Contributing to the increase in net sales was higher service revenues, due to increases in sales of our managed services
 offerings, as well as higher professional services due, in part, to improvements in the global supply chain. Also contributing to the increase in net sales were increases in the cost of equipment we incurred from our
 suppliers due, in part, to inflation, which we typically pass on to our customers.

Our net sales by customer end market have remained consistent with the prior year, with over 80 of our sales being generated from
 customers within the five end markets specified in the table above. 

Gross billings to our customers increased primarily due to organic customer demand, rather than acquisition or loss of a specific customer or set of customers.

Cost of sales: Cost of sales for the year ended March 31, 2023, increased due to the increase in demand for both product and services. Cost of product increased slightly less than the increase in
 product sales due to a change in product sales mix, as a greater portion of our transaction volume consisted of sales of third-party maintenance, software assurance, subscription/SaaS licenses, and services, for which the revenues and
 cost of sales are presented on a net basis. Cost of services increased slightly more than the increase in service revenue due to higher third-party costs incurred.

Gross profit: Gross profit for the year ended March 31, 2023, increased consistent with the increase in net sales. Gross margins were consistent year over year as higher product margins were offset by
 lower service margins. Gross margin on product sales increased 50 basis points to 21.7 due to a shift in product mix to a greater proportion of sales of third-party maintenance, software assurance, subscription/SaaS licenses, and
 services, which are presented on a net basis. Also contributing to the increase in gross margin on product sales was higher vendor incentives which as a percentage of net sales for the year ended March 31, 2023, increased by 10 basis
 points.

Gross margin on service sales decreased 250 basis points to 35.5 for the year ended March 31, 2023, primarily due to a decrease in
 professional service margins. The decline in professional service margins was due to higher third party costs , as well as a few larger competitively priced contracts with existing customers.

Selling, general, and administrative expenses: Selling, general, and administrative expenses for the year ended March 31, 2023, increased mainly
 due to an increase in salaries and benefits.

Salaries and benefits, including variable compensation, increased 24.1 million or 9.8 to 270.0 million, compared to 245.9 million during the prior year, due to an increase in the number of employees and
 higher variable compensation as a result of the corresponding increase in gross profit. Our technology segment had 1,718 employees as of March 31, 2023, an increase of 175 from 1,543 as of March 31, 2022, driven by increased demand for
 our services and the acquisition of Future Com, Ltd. We added 139 additional customer-facing employees, of which 84 were professional services and technical support personnel.

General and administrative expenses increased 10.2 million, or 27.0 , to 47.8
 million, as compared to 37.6 million in the prior year. General and administrative expenses increased in travel and entertainment, advertising
 and marketing fees, professional service fees, software license and maintenance fees, and warehouse and logistics costs.

Travel and entertainment increased due to the return of in-person business meetings and events. Warehouse and logistics costs increased due to the increase in inventory. The other categories of expenses increased primarily from

increase s in personnel.

Depreciation and amortization expense: Depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended March 31, 2023, decreased as higher amortization expense from our
 acquisition of Future Com, Ltd was offset by lower amortization from previous acquisitions.

Interest and financing costs: Interest and financing costs for the year ended March 31, 2023 , increased due
 to higher average borrowings outstanding and higher interest rates during the year under our WFCDF Credit Facility, offset by paydowns on an installment payment arrangement. Our average month-end borrowing balance on the accounts
 receivable component of our WFCDF Credit Facility was 47.0 million over the year ended March 31, 2023, compared to 19.0 million over the prior year. Our weighted average interest rate on the accounts receivable component of our
 WFCDF Credit Facility was 5.35 during our year ended March 31, 2023, compared to 2.00 over the prior year. 

34 

Table of Contents 

FINANCING SEGMENT

The results of operations for our financing segment for the years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022 were as follows (in thousands):

Year Ended March 31,

Percent 

2023

2022

Change

Change

Financial Metrics 

Portfolio earnings

11,356

17,764

(6,408

(36.1

Transactional gains

16,125

18,181

(2,056

(11.3

Post-contract earnings

23,581

50,495

(26,914

(53.3

Other

1,411

1,543

(132

(8.6

Net sales

52,473

87,983

(35,510

(40.4

Cost of sales

9,439

35,154

(25,715

(73.1

Gross profit

43,034

52,829

(9,795

(18.5

Selling, general, and administrative

15,635

13,427

2,208

16.4

Depreciation and amortization

111

111

-

0.0

Interest and financing costs

1,236

975

261

26.8

Operating expenses

16,982

14,513

2,469

17.0

Operating income

26,052

38,316

(12,264

(32.0

Key Metrics Other Information 

Adjusted EBITDA

26,408

38,651

(12,243

(31.7

Net sales: Net sales for the year ended March 31, 2023, decreased due to lower post-contract and portfolio earnings. Post-contract revenue decreased due
 to lower proceeds from early lease buyouts and sales of equipment, as we had a few large, customer-driven transactions in the prior year. Portfolio revenue decreased mostly due to decreases in operating lease revenue as a portion of the early lease buyouts in fiscal year 2022 were from customers with operating lease contracts. Transactional gains decreased compared to the prior year due to a decline in the volume of
 financial assets sold during the year. T otal proceeds from sales of financing receivables were 706.0 million and 855.1 million for the years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively . 

Cost of sales: Cost of sales for the year ended March 31, 2023, de creased due to a decrease in the cost of equipment from early lease buyouts, and
 sales of off-lease equipment of 20.1 million and a decrease in operating lease depreciation of 5.6 million. 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses: Selling, general, and administrative expenses for
 the year ended March 31, 2023, increased due to the deployment of hosted lease accounting software in August 2022, as we incurred higher
 professional fees following the implementation of this software platform, as well as higher software license and maintenance costs including amortization of the costs to implement the hosted software. In addition, we incurred
 additional provision for credit losses as a result of changes in our net
 credit exposure. These increases are offset by a slight decrease in salaries and benefits, mainly driven by a decrease in variable compensation due to the decline in gross profit. 

Our financing segment employed 36 people as of March 31, 2023, compared to 34 people as of March 31, 2022. Certain support functions for the financing segment are shared resources with the technology segment.

Interest and financing costs: Interest and financing costs for the year ended March 31, 2023, increased due to higher borrowings during the year as well as higher interest rates. As of March 31, 2023,
 our non-recourse notes payable increased to 34.3 million from 21.2 million in the prior year. Our weighted average interest rate for non-recourse notes payable was 5.01 and 3.59 as of March 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively.

CONSOLIDATED

Other income (expense), net: Other income (expense), net, for the year ended March 31, 2023, was a net expense of 3.2 million, compared to a net expense of 0.4 million in the prior year.
 We incurred foreign currency transaction losses of 5.4 million during fiscal year 2023, up from 0.5 million last year. Offsetting this, was a 1.9 million gain recognized in fiscal year 2023 related to our receipt of funds resulting
 from our claim in a class action lawsuit.

35 

Table of Contents 

Income taxes: Our effective income tax rates for the years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022 were 26.8 and 28.1 , respectively. Our effective tax rate was lower for the year ended March 31,
 2023, as compared to the prior year, primarily due to lower than forecasted non-deductible expenses, increased benefits from foreign sales along with favorable state return to provision adjustments.

Net earnings: Net earnings for the year ended March 31, 2023, were 119.4 million, an increase of 13.0 or 13.8 million, as compared to 105.6 million in the prior year. The net earnings increase was
 due primarily to the increase in operating profits from our technology segment.

Basic and fully diluted earnings per common share for the year ended March 31, 2023, were 4.49 and 4.48, respectively, an increase of 13.3 and 13.9 over the prior year. Basic and fully diluted earnings per
 common share were 3.96 and 3.93, respectively, for the year ended March 31, 2022.

Weighted average common shares outstanding used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per common share were 26.6 million and 26.7 million, respectively, for the year ended March 31, 2023. Weighted
 average common shares outstanding used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per common share were 26.6 million and 26.9 million, respectively, for the year ended and March 31, 2022.

The Year Ended March 31, 2022, Compared to the Year Ended March 31, 2021

36 

Table of Contents 

TECHNOLOGY SEGMENT

The results of operations for our technology segment for the years ended March 31, 2022, and 2021 were as follows (in thousands):

Year Ended March 31,

Percent 

2022

2021

Change

Change 

Financial Metrics 

Net sales

Product

1,492,411

1,305,789

186,622

14.3

Services

240,625

202,165

38,460

19.0

Total

1,733,036

1,507,954

225,082

14.9

Cost of sales

Product

1,175,789

1,036,627

139,162

13.4

Services

149,094

125,092

24,002

19.2

Total

1,324,883

1,161,719

163,164

14.0

Gross profit

408,153

346,235

61,918

17.9

Selling, general, and administrative

283,690

256,210

27,480

10.7

Depreciation and amortization

14,535

13,839

696

5.0

Interest and financing costs

928

521

407

78.1

Operating expenses

299,153

270,570

28,583

10.6

Operating income

109,000

75,665

33,335

44.1

Key Metrics Other Information 

Gross billings

2,625,749

2,271,836

353,913

15.6

Adjusted EBITDA

131,353

97,219

34,134

35.1

Net sales by customer end market:

Telecom, Media Entertainment

502,408

371,912

130,496

35.1

Healthcare

270,481

200,067

70,414

35.2

Technology

250,485

251,683

(1,198

(0.5

SLED

241,769

245,919

(4,150

(1.7

Financial Services

155,160

198,761

(43,601

(21.9

All others

312,733

239,612

73,121

30.5

Total

1,733,036

1,507,954

225,082

14.9

Net sales by type:

Data Center / Cloud

581,113

516,930

64,183

12.4

Networking

611,488

510,205

101,283

19.9

Security

158,927

155,186

3,741

2.4

Collaboration

57,244 

47,504

9,740

20.5

Other

83,639

75,964

7,675

10.1

ePlus services

240,625

202,165

38,460

19.0

Total

1,733,036

1,507,954

225,082

14.9

37 

Table of Contents 

Net sales: Net sales for the year
 ended March 31, 2022, increased due to an increase in customer demand, primarily from customers in telecom, media and entertainment and healthcare industries, partially offset by a decrease in net sales to customers in the financial
 services sector. These changes were driven by growth in product sales in collaboration and networking, and peripherals and artificial intelligence included in the other category, which management, based on its industry knowledge,
 generally attributed to hybrid work models having become the prominent operating model for most of our customers. Timing of purchases by our existing customers are determined by their buying cycle and the timing of their specific IT
 related initiatives throughout the year . 

Also contributing to the increase in net sales were increases in the cost of equipment we incurred from our suppliers due, in part, to
 inflation, which we typically pass on to our customers. Service revenues increased due to higher demand for both professional and managed services.

Our net sales by customer end market have remained consistent with the prior year, with over 80 of our sales being generated from customers
 within the five end markets specified in the table above.

Gross billings to our customers increased due to organic customer demand as well as our acquisition of Systems Management and Planning, Inc.
 SMP in December 2020 , rather than the acquisition or loss of a specific customer
 or set of customers. 

Cost of sales: The increase in cost
 of sales for the year ended March 31, 2022, was due to the increase in demand for both product and services. Cost of product increased slightly less than the increase in product sales due to a change in product sales mix, as a greater
 portion of our transaction volume consisted of sales of third-party maintenance, software assurance, subscription/SaaS licenses, and services, for which the revenues and cost of sales are presented on a net basis. Overall, cost of
 services increased 19.2 , consistent with the 19.0 increase in sales.

Gross profit: Gross profit
 increased for the 2022 fiscal year due to the increase in customer demand as well as higher margins. Gross margin in the Technology segment increased 60 basis points to 23.6 . Gross margin on product sales increased 60 basis points to
 21.2 due to a shift in product mix to a greater proportion of sales of third-party maintenance, software assurance, subscription/SaaS licenses, and services. Also contributing to the increase in product margins was higher vendor
 incentives earned, which increased 9.0 million in fiscal year 2022.

Service margin decreased 10 basis points to 38.0 for the year ended March 31, 2022, due to changes in mix of services provided.
 The service margin decline was comprised of a 90 basis points improvement from managed services, due to ongoing growth and scale in this offering, offset by a 100 basis points decline from professional services due to higher third party
 costs.

Selling, general, and administrative expenses: Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased for the 2022 fiscal year mainly due to an increase in salaries and benefits.

Salaries and benefits, including variable compensation, increased 24.1 million or 10.9 to 245.9 million, compared to 221.8 million during the prior year, due to 14.2 million of additional variable
 compensation resulting from the increase in gross profit and 9.9 million due to higher salary and benefits expense. Our technology segment had 1,543 employees as of March 31, 2022, which is an increase of 17, or 1.1 , from 1,526 on
 March 31, 2021.

General and administrative expenses increased 3.8 million, or 11.2 , to 37.6 million during the year ended March 31, 2022, compared to 33.9 million the prior year. Contributing to the year over year
 increase in general and administrative expenses were increases in travel and entertainment, and software, subscription, and maintenance expenses of 2.5 million.

Depreciation and amortization expense: Depreciation and amortization expense increased for the year ended March 31, 2022, due to an increase in amortization of customer relationships as a result of the
 SMP acquisition in December 2020.

Interest and financing costs: Interest and financing costs increased for the year ended March 31, 2022, due to higher borrowings outstanding during the year under our WFCDF Credit Facility.

38 

Table of Contents 

FINANCING SEGMENT

The results of operations for our financing segment for the years ended March 31, 2022, and 2021 were as follows (in thousands):

Year Ended March 31,

Percent 

2022

2021

Change

Change

Financial Metrics 

Portfolio earnings

17,764

16,486

1,278

7.8

Transactional gains

18,181

14,506

3,675

25.3

Post-contract earnings

50,495

23,771

26,724

112.4

Other

1,543

5,606

(4,063

(72.5

Net sales

87,983

60,369

27,614

45.7

Cost of sales

35,154

13,050

22,104

169.4

Gross profit

52,829

47,319

5,510

11.6

Selling, general, and administrative

13,427

15,053

(1,626

(10.8

Depreciation and amortization

111

112

(1

(0.9

Interest and financing costs

975

1,484

(509

(34.3

Operating expenses

14,513

16,649

(2,136

(12.8

Operating income

38,316

30,670

7,646

24.9

Key Metrics Other Information 

Adjusted EBITDA

38,651

31,026

7,625

24.6

Net sales: For the year ended March 31, 2022, net sales increased due to higher post contract earnings and transactional gains, offset slightly by a decrease in other financing revenues. Post-contract
 revenue increased due to an increase of 22.8 million from proceeds from early lease buyouts and sales of off-lease equipment, as we had a few large customer driven transactions in fiscal year 2022. Portfolio revenue increased due to
 increases in operating lease income offset by decreased sales-type lease earnings over the prior fiscal year. Other financing revenues decreased due to lower profit recognized from signing new lease extensions with customers where the
 prior lease was classified as an operating lease and the new modified lease was determined to be a sales-type lease. Transactional gains increased due to higher volume of financing receivables sold. Total proceeds from sales of
 financing receivables were 855.1 million and 364.0 million for the years ended March 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively.

Cost of sales: Cost of sales for the year ended March 31, 2022, increased due to an increase of 18.2 million in the cost of equipment from early lease buyouts and off-lease equipment and an increase in
 operating lease depreciation of 3.7 million.

Selling, general, and administrative expenses: Selling,
 general, and administrative expenses decreased in the 2022 fiscal year due to a reduction in our allowance for credit losses by 1.2 million, and salaries and
 benefits of 0.6 million. Our financing segment employed 34 people as of March 31, 2022, and 2021. Certain support functions for the financing segment are shared resources with the technology segment.

Interest and financing costs: Interest and financing costs decreased due to lower borrowings during the year. Our total notes payable for the financing segment decreased as of March 31, 2022, to 21.2
 million from 56.1 million for the prior year. Our weighted average interest rate for our non-recourse notes payable was 3.59 as of March 31, 2022, compared to 3.35 for March 31, 2021.

CONSOLIDATED

Other income (expense), net: Other income (expense), net during the year ended March 31, 2022, netted to an expense of 0.4 million and included foreign exchange rate loss of 0.5 million. Other income
 (expense), net during the year ended March 31, 2021, was income of 0.6 million and included foreign exchange rate gain of 0.5 million and interest income of 0.1 million.

Income taxes: Our effective income tax rates for the years ended March 31, 2022, and 2021 were 28.1 and 30.4 , respectively. The decrease in our effective income tax rate year over year is primarily
 due to prior year unfavorable adjustments to the federal benefit from state taxes and non-deductible executive compensation.

Net earnings: Net earnings were 105.6 million for the year ended March 31, 2022, an increase of 41.9 or 31.2 million as compared to 74.4 million in the prior fiscal year. The net earnings increase
 was due primarily to the increase in operating profits from our technology segment, and a lower income tax rate in the current year compared to the year ended March 31, 2021.

39 

Table of Contents 

Basic and fully diluted earnings per common share for the year ended March 31, 2022, were 3.96 and 3.93, respectively, and both increased 41.9 over the prior year. Basic and fully diluted earnings per
 common share were 2.79 and 2.77, respectively, for the year ended March 31, 2021.

Weighted average common shares outstanding used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per common share were 26.6 million and 26.9 million, respectively, for year ended March 31, 2022. Weighted
 average common shares outstanding used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per common share were 26.7 million and 26.8 million, respectively, for the year ended March 31, 2021.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

LIQUIDITY OVERVIEW

We finance our operations through funds generated from operations and through borrowings. We use those funds to meet our capital requirements, which have historically consisted primarily of working capital for
 operational needs, capital expenditures, purchases of equipment for lease, payments of principal and interest on indebtedness outstanding, acquisitions and the repurchase of shares of our common stock.

Our borrowings in our technology segment are through our WFCDF Credit Facility. Our borrowings in our financing segment are primarily through secured borrowings that involve transferring all or part of the
 contractual payments due to us to third-party financing institutions.

We believe that cash on hand and funds generated from operations, together with available credit under our credit facility, will be enough to finance our working capital, capital expenditures, and other
 requirements for at least the next year.

Our ability to continue to expand, both organically and through acquisitions, is dependent upon our ability to generate enough cash flow from operations or from borrowing or other sources of financing as may
 be required. While at this time we do not anticipate requiring any additional sources of financing to fund operations, if demand for IT products declines, or if our supply of products is delayed or interrupted, our cash flows from
 operations may be substantially affected.

CASH FLOWS

The following table summarizes our sources and uses of cash for the years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022 (in thousands):

Year Ended March 31,

2023

2022

Net cash used in operating activities

(15,425

(20,571

Net cash used in investing activities

(18,926

(1,259

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

(20,950

47,176

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash

3,016

470

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents

(52,285

25,816

40 

Table of Contents 

Cash flows from operating activities 

We used 15.4 million in operating activities during the year ended March 31, 2023, compared to using 20.6 million during the year ended March 31, 2022. The following table provides a breakdown of operating
 cash flows by segment for the years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022 (in thousands):

Year Ended March 31,

2023

2022

Technology segment

17,157

(20,243

Financing segment

(32,582

(328

Net cash used in operating activities

(15,425

(20,571

Technology Segment: During the year ended March 31, 2023, our technology segment provided 17.2 million from operating activities primarily due to net earnings and an
 increase in payables, partially offset by increases in accounts receivables and inventories.

During the year ended March 31, 2022, our technology segment used 20.2 million from operating activities primarily due to increases in working capital, inventories, and accounts receivable, offset by net
 earnings.

To manage our working capital, we monitor our cash conversion cycle for our technology segment, which is defined as days sales outstanding DSO in accounts receivable plus days of supply in inventory
 DIO minus days of purchases outstanding in accounts payable DPO ).

The following table presents the components of the cash conversion cycle for our Technology segment:

As of March 31,

2023

2022

(DSO) Days sales outstanding (1)

74

71

(DIO) Days inventory outstanding (2)

38

25

(DPO) Days payable outstanding (3)

(53

(46

Cash conversion cycle

59

50

(1) 

Represents the rolling three-month average of the balance of trade accounts receivable-trade, net for our technology segment at the end of the period divided by Gross billings for the same three-month period.

(2) 

Represents the rolling three-month average of the balance of inventory, net for our technology segment at the end of the period divided by the direct cost of products and services billed to our customers for the same
 three-month period.

(3) 

Represents the rolling three-month average of the combined balance of accounts payable-trade and accounts payable-floor plan for our technology segment at the end of the period divided by the direct cost of products and
 services billed to our customers for the same three-month period.

Our standard payment term for customers is between 30-60 days; however, certain customers or orders may be approved for extended payment terms. Our DSOs for the quarters ended March 31, 2023, and 2022 were greater than our standard
 payment terms primarily due to a significant proportion of sales in those quarters to customers with payment terms greater than or equal to net 60 days. Invoices processed through our credit facility, or the A/P-floor plan balance, are
 typically paid within 45-60 days from the invoice date, while A/P trade invoices are typically paid within 30 days from the invoice date.

Our cash conversion cycle increased to 59 days for March 31, 2023, compared to 50 days for March 31, 2022, as DIO increased by 13 days, DPO increased by 7 days, and DSO increased by 3 days from March 31, 2022,
 to March 2023.

Inventory, which represents equipment ordered by customers but not yet delivered, increased 56.9 to 243.3 million as of March 31, 2023, up from 155.1 million as of March 31, 2022, partially due to ongoing projects with customers.
 Accounts receivable trade, net increased by 17.1 to 504.1 million as of March 31, 2023, up from 430.4 million as of March 31, 2022, primarily due to a 17.6 increase in Gross billings to 733.1 million in the fourth quarter as
 compared to 623.6 million in the prior fiscal year. The increase in days payable outstanding is driven by our growth in sales volume.

Financing Segment: During the year ended March 31, 2023, our financing segment used 32.6 million in operating activities, primarily due to changes in financing
 receivables and deferred costs, partially offset by net earnings.

During the year ended March 31, 2022, our financing segment used 0.3 million from operating activities, primarily due to the issuance of new financing receivables.

41 

Table of Contents 

Cash flows related to investing activities 

During the year ended March 31, 2023, we used 18.9 million in investing activities, consisting of 9.4 million for purchases of property, equipment, and operating lease equipment and 13.3 million to acquire
 Future Com, Ltd., partially offset by 3.7 million of proceeds from the sale of operating lease equipment.

During the year ended March 31, 2022, we used 1.3 million from investing activities, consisting of 23.2 million for purchases of property, equipment, and operating lease equipment, partially offset by 21.9
 million of proceeds from the sale of property, equipment, and operating lease equipment.

Cash flows from financing activities 

During the year ended March 31, 2023, we used 21.0 million in financing activities. We had net repayments of notes payable and borrowings on our credit facility in our technology segment of 7.1 million,
 offset by net borrowings of non-recourse and recourse notes payable of 4.1 million by our financing segment. Additionally, we had cash inflows of 10.7 million from net borrowings on the floor plan facility and cash outflows of 7.2
 million from the repurchase of common stock.

During the year ended March 31, 2022, financing activities provided 47.2 million. We had net repayments of notes payable in our technology segment of 6.7 million, offset by net borrowings of non-recourse and
 recourse notes payable of 20.8 million by our financing segment. Additionally, we had cash inflows of 46.7 million from net borrowings on the floor plan facility and cash outflows of 13.6 million from the repurchase of common stock.

Our borrowing of non-recourse and recourse notes payable primarily arises from our financing segment when we transfer contractual payments due to us under financing agreements to third-party financial
 institutions. When the transfers do not meet the requirements for a sale, the proceeds paid to us represent borrowings of non-recourse and recourse notes payable.

Non-Cash Activities 

We transfer contractual payments due to us under lease and financing agreements to third-party financial institutions. In certain assignment agreements, we may direct the third-party financial institution to
 pay some of the proceeds from the assignment directly to the vendor or vendors that have supplied the assets being leased or financed. In these situations, the portion of the proceeds paid directly to our vendors are non-cash
 transactions.

SECURED BORROWINGS FINANCING SEGMENT

We may finance all or most of the cost of the assets that we finance for customers by transferring all or part of the contractual payments due to us to third-party financial institutions. When we account for the transfer as a secured
 borrowing, we recognize the proceeds as either recourse or non-recourse notes payable. Our customers are responsible for repaying the debt from a secured borrowing. The lender typically secures a lien on the financed assets at the time
 the financial assets are transferred and releases it upon collecting all the transferred payments. We are not liable for the repayment of non-recourse loans unless we breach our representations and warranties in the loan agreements. The
 lender assumes the credit risk and its only recourse, upon default by the customer, is against the customer and the specific equipment under lease. While we expect that the credit quality of our financing arrangements and our residual
 return history will continue to allow us to obtain such financing, such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Interest rates have been rising and may continue to rise. To preserve our expected internal rate of
 return, we generally quote rates that are indexed. Some of our lenders will not commit to rates for a length of time, resulting in exposure to us if the rates rise and we cannot pass such exposure to the customer.

CREDIT FACILITY TECHNOLOGY SEGMENT

We finance the operations of our subsidiaries e Plus Technology, inc., e Plus Technology Services, inc. and SLAIT Consulting,
 LLC (collectively, the Borrowers in our technology segment through a credit facility with WFCDF. The WFCDF Credit Facility has a floor plan facility and a revolving credit facility.

Please refer to Note 9 , Notes Payable and Credit Facility in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part
 II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information concerning our WFCDF Credit Facility. 

42 

Table of Contents 

The loss of the WFCDF Credit Facility could have a material adverse effect on our future results as we currently rely on this facility and its components for daily working capital and liquidity for our
 technology segment and as an operational function of our accounts payable process.

Floor plan facility 

We finance most purchases of products for sale to our customers through the floor plan facility. Once our customers place a purchase order with us and we have approved their credit, we place an
 order for the desired products with one of our vendors. Our vendors are generally paid by the floor plan facility and our liability is reflected in accounts payable floor plan in our consolidated balance sheets. 

Most customer payments to us are remitted to our lockbox accounts. Once payments are cleared, the monies in the lockbox accounts are automatically and daily transferred to our operating account. We pay
 down the floor plan facility on three specified dates each month, generally 30-60 days from the invoice date . Our borrowings and repayments under the floor plan component are included in net
 borrowings (repayments) on floor plan facility within cash flows from the financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. 

As of March 31, 2023, we had a maximum credit limit of 500.0 million, and an outstanding balance on the floor plan of 134.6 million. As of March 31, 2022, we had a maximum credit limit of 375.0 million, and
 the outstanding balance on the floor plan facility was 145.3 million. On our balance sheet, our liability under the floor plan facility is presented as part of accounts payable floor plan.

Revolving credit facility 

The outstanding balance under the revolving credit facility is presented as part of recourse notes payable- current on our consolidated balance sheets. Our borrowings and repayments under the revolving credit facility are included in
 borrowings of non-recourse and recourse notes payable and repayments of non-recourse and recourse notes payable, respectively, within cash flows from the financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows.

As of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, we did not have any outstanding balance under the revolving credit facility. The maximum credit limit under this facility was 200.0 million as of March 31, 2023, compared to 100.0 million
 as of March 31, 2022.

PERFORMANCE GUARANTEES

In the normal course of business, we may provide certain customers with performance guarantees, which are generally backed by surety bonds. In general, we would only be liable for these
 guarantees in the event of default in the performance of our obligations. We are in compliance with the performance obligations under all service contracts for which there is a performance guarantee, and we believe that any liability
 incurred in connection with these guarantees would not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated statements of operations.

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS

As part of our ongoing business, we do not participate in transactions that generate relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured
 finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. As of March 31, 2023, and 2022, we were not
 involved in any unconsolidated special purpose entity transactions.

ADEQUACY OF CAPITAL RESOURCES

The continued implementation of our business strategy will require a significant investment in both resources and managerial focus. In addition, we may selectively acquire other companies that have attractive
 customer relationships and skilled sales and/or engineering forces. We may also open facilities in new geographic areas, which may require a significant investment of cash. We may also acquire technology companies to expand and enhance
 our geographic footprint, or the platform of bundled solutions to provide additional functionality and value-added services. We may require additional capital due to increases in inventory to accommodate our customers IT installation
 schedules. We may continue to use our internally generated funds to finance investments in leased assets or investments in notes receivable due from our customers. These actions may result in increased working capital needs as the
 business expands. As a result, we may require additional financing to fund our strategy, implementation, potential future acquisitions, and working capital needs, which may include additional debt and equity financing. While the future
 is uncertain, we do not believe our WFCDF Credit Facility will be terminated by WFCDF or us. Additionally, while our lending partners in our financing segment have become more discerning in their approval processes, we currently have
 funding resources available for our transactions.

43 

Table of Contents 

POTENTIAL FLUCTUATIONS IN QUARTERLY OPERATING RESULTS

Our future quarterly operating results and the market price of our common stock may fluctuate. In the event our revenues or earnings for any quarter are less than the level expected by
 securities analysts or the market in general, such shortfall could have an immediate and significant adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. Any such adverse impact could be greater if any such shortfall occurs near the
 time of any material decrease in any widely followed stock index or in the market price of the stock of one or more public equipment leasing and financing companies, IT resellers, software competitors, major customers, or vendors of
 ours.

Our quarterly results of operations are susceptible to fluctuations for a number of reasons, including, but not limited to currency fluctuations, reduction in IT spending, shortages of
 product from our vendors due to material shortages, any reduction of expected residual values related to the equipment under our leases, the timing and mix of specific transactions, the reduction of manufacturer incentive programs, and
 other factors. Quarterly operating results could also fluctuate as a result of our sale of equipment in our lease portfolio to a lessee or third-party at the expiration of a lease term or prior to such expiration, and the transfer of
 financial assets. Sales of equipment and transfers of financial assets may have the effect of increasing revenues and net income during the quarter in which the sale occurs and reducing revenues and net income otherwise expected in
 subsequent quarters.

We believe that comparisons of quarterly results of our operations are not necessarily meaningful and that results for one quarter should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance.

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

Our material contractual obligations consist of payments on recourse and non-recourse notes payable and lease liabilities. Please refer to Note 5 , Lessee Accounting and Note 9 , Notes Payable and Credit Facility in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding the maturities of these obligations. Additionally, we have contractual obligations of 10.5 million over the next 4 years for
 certain hosted software and data center services. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with US GAAP. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 , Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The accounting policies described below
 are significantly affected by critical accounting estimates. Such accounting policies require significant judgments, assumptions, and estimates, and actual results could differ materially from the amounts reported based on these
 policies. 

REVENUE RECOGNITION When we enter into contracts with customers, we are required to identify the performance obligations in the contract. We recognize most of our revenues from the sales of third-party
 products, third-party software, third-party maintenance, software support, and services, e Plus professional and managed services, and hosting e Plus
 proprietary software. Our recognition of revenue differs for each of these distinct types of performance obligations and identifying each performance obligation appropriately may require judgment.

When a contract contains multiple distinct performance obligations, we allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. We determine standalone
 selling prices using expected cost-plus margin. When we finance sales of third-party software and third-party maintenance, software support, and services, we reduce the transaction price by the financing component.

We recognize revenue from sales of third-party products and third-party software at the point in time that control passes to the customer, which is typically upon delivery of the product to the customer. We
 perform an analysis to estimate the amount of sales in-transit at the end of the period and adjust revenue and the related costs to reflect only what has been delivered to the customer. This analysis is based upon an analysis of
 current quarter and historical delivery dates.

We recognize revenue from sales of third-party maintenance, software support, and services when our customer and vendor accept the terms and conditions of the arrangement. On occasion, judgment is required
 to determine this point in time.

44 

Table of Contents 

We provide e Plus professional services under both time and materials and fixed price contracts. When services are provided on a time and materials basis, we
 recognize sales at agreed-upon billing rates as services are performed. When services are provided on a fixed fee basis, we recognize sales over time in proportion to our progress toward complete satisfaction of the performance
 obligation. Using this method requires a determination of the appropriate input or output method to measure progress. We most often measure progress based on costs incurred in proportion to total estimated costs, commonly referred to
 as the cost-to-cost method. When using this method, significant judgment may be required to estimate the total costs to complete the performance obligation. We typically recognize sales of e Plus

managed services on a straight-line basis over the period services are provided.

We recognize financing revenues from our investments in leases and notes receivable. We recognize interest income on our notes-receivable using the effective interest method.

We classify our leases as either sales-type leases or operating leases. For sales-type leases, upon lease commencement, we recognize the present value of the lease payments and the residual asset discounted
 using the rate implicit in the lease. When we are financing equipment provided by another dealer, we typically do not have any selling profit or loss arising from the lease. When we are the dealer of the equipment being leased, we
 typically recognize revenue in the amount of the lease receivable and cost of sales in the amount of the carrying value of the underlying asset minus the unguaranteed residual asset. We may need to use judgment to determine the fair
 value of the equipment. After the commencement date, we recognize interest income as part of net sales using the effective interest method. For operating leases, we recognize the underlying asset as an operating lease asset. We
 depreciate the asset on a straight-line basis to its estimated residual value over its estimated useful life. We recognize the lease payments over the lease term on a straight-line basis as part of net sales.

We account for the transfer of financial assets as sales or secured borrowings. When a transfer meets all the requirements for sale accounting, we derecognize the financial asset and record a net gain or
 loss that is included in net sales. We utilize qualified attorneys to provide a true-sale-at-law opinion to support the conclusion that transferred financial assets have been legally isolated.

RESIDUAL ASSETS Our estimate for the residual asset in a lease is the amount we expect to derive from the underlying asset following the end of the lease term. Our estimates vary, both in amount and as a
 percentage of the original equipment cost, and depend upon several factors, including the equipment type, vendor s discount, market conditions, lease term, equipment supply and demand, and new product announcements by vendors. We
 evaluate residual values for impairment on a quarterly basis. We do not recognize upward adjustments due to changes in estimates of residual values.

GOODWILL We test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, as of October 1, and between annual tests if an event occurs, or circumstances change, that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of
 a reporting unit below its carrying amount. Goodwill is tested for impairment at a level of reporting referred to as a reporting unit.

In a qualitative assessment, we assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not (that is, a likelihood of more than 50 percent) that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than
 its carrying amount, including goodwill. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an event representing an indicator of impairment has occurred between annual test dates. Such indicators may include: a
 significant decline in expected future cash flows; a sustained, significant decline in stock price and market capitalization; a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate; unanticipated competition; the
 testing for recoverability of a significant asset group within a reporting unit; and reductions in revenue or profitability growth rates.

In the quantitative impairment test, we compare the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. We estimate the fair value of each reporting unit using a combination of the
 income approach and market approaches.

The income approach incorporates the use of a discounted cash flow method in which the estimated future cash flows and terminal values for each reporting unit are discounted to a present value using a
 discount rate. Cash flow projections are based on management s estimates of economic and market conditions which drive key assumptions of revenue growth rates, operating margins, capital expenditures and working capital requirements.
 The discount rate in turn is based on the specific risk characteristics of each reporting unit, the weighted average cost of capital and its underlying forecast.

The market approach estimates fair value by applying performance metric multiples to the reporting unit s prior and expected operating performance. The multiples are derived from comparable publicly traded
 companies with similar operating and investment characteristics as the reporting unit.

45 

Table of Contents 

The fair values determined by the market approach and income approach, as described above, are weighted to determine the fair value for each reporting unit. Although we have consistently used the same methods
 in developing the assumptions and estimates underlying the fair value calculations, such estimates are uncertain and may vary from actual results.

VENDOR CONSIDERATION We receive payments and credits from vendors and distributors, including consideration pursuant to volume incentive programs, and shared marketing expense programs. Many of these
 programs extend over one or more quarters sales activities. Different programs have different vendor/program specific goals to achieve. We recognize the rebates pursuant to volume incentive programs, when the rebate is probable and
 reasonably estimable, based on a systematic and rational allocation of the cash consideration offered to each of the underlying transactions that results in our progress towards earning the rebate. Should our actual performance be
 different from our estimates, we may be required to adjust our receivables.

ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES We maintain an allowance for credit losses related to our accounts receivable and financing receivables. We record an expense in the amount necessary to adjust the allowance for
 credit losses to our current estimate of expected credit losses on financial assets. We estimate expected credit losses based on our internal rating of the customer s credit quality, our historical credit losses, current economic
 conditions, and other relevant factors. Prior to providing credit, we assign an internal rating for each customer s credit quality based on the customer s financial status, rating agency reports and other financial information. We
 review our internal ratings for each customer at least annually or when there is an indicator of a change in credit quality, such as a delinquency or bankruptcy. We write off financing receivables when we deem them to be
 uncollectable. As of March 31, 2023, we estimated lower expected credit loss rates related to both our accounts receivable and financing receivables as compared to March 31, 2022.

INCOME TAXES We make certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax expense for financial statement reporting purposes. These estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of certain tax
 assets and liabilities, which principally arise from differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement reporting purposes. We also must analyze income tax reserves, as well as determine
 the likelihood of recoverability of deferred tax assets and adjust any valuation allowances accordingly.

Considerations with respect to the recoverability of deferred tax assets include the period of expiration of the tax asset, planned use of the tax asset, and historical and projected taxable income as well
 as tax liabilities for the tax jurisdiction to which the tax asset relates. Valuation allowances are evaluated periodically and will be subject to change in each future reporting period as a result of changes in one or more of these
 factors. The calculation of our tax liabilities also involves considering uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. We recognize liabilities for uncertain income tax positions based on our estimate of whether, and
 the extent to which, additional taxes will be required.

BUSINESS COMBINATIONS We account for business combinations using the acquisition method. For each acquisition, we recognize most assets acquired, and liabilities assumed at their fair values at the
 acquisition date. Our valuations of certain assets acquired, including customer relationships and trade names, and certain liabilities assumed, involve significant judgment and estimation. Additionally, our determination of the
 purchase price may include an estimate for the fair value of contingent consideration. We utilize independent valuation specialists to assist us in determining the fair value of certain assets and liabilities. Our valuations utilize
 significant estimates, such as forecasted revenues and profits. Changes in our estimates could significantly impact the value of certain assets and liabilities.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

Please refer to Note 2 , Recent Accounting Pronouncements in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item
 8 of this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Our financial position is exposed to a variety of risks, including interest rate risks and foreign currency. Additionally, we have seen an increase in these risks and related uncertainties with increased
 volatility in the financial markets in the current environment with supply chain shortages.

46 

Table of Contents 

INTEREST RATE RISK

Although a substantial portion of our liabilities are non-recourse, fixed-interest-rate instruments, we utilize our lines of credit and other financing facilities which are subject to fluctuations in
 short-term interest rates. These non-recourse instruments, which are denominated in US dollars, were entered for other than trading purposes and, except for amounts drawn under the WFCDF Credit Facility, bear interest at a fixed rate.
 Because the interest rate on these instruments is fixed, changes in interest rates will not directly impact our cash flows. Our financing transactions are funded with our cash flows, not debt, and may be subject to interest
 rate risk. If the market interest rate exceeds our internal rate of return, we may not fund the transaction to obtain the proceeds. Borrowings under the WFCDF Credit Facility bear interest at a
 market-based variable rate. 

FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK

We have transactions in foreign currencies, primarily in British Pounds, Euros, and Indian Rupees. There is a potential for exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency rates resulting primarily from the translation exposure
 associated with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. In addition, we have foreign currency exposure when transactions are not denominated in our subsidiary s functional currency. To date, our foreign operations are
 insignificant in relation to total consolidated operations, and we believe that potential fluctuations in currency exchange rates will not have a material effect on our financial position.

We lease assets in foreign countries, including Canada, the UK, and several other European countries. As a lessor, we lease assets for amounts denominated in British Pounds, Euros, and Canadian dollars. As our
 foreign operations have been smaller compared to our domestic operations, we believe that potential fluctuations in currency exchange rates will not have a material effect on our financial position.

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

See the consolidated financial statements and schedules listed in the accompanying Index to Financial Statements and Schedules. 

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

The Company s management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer CEO and the Chief Financial Officer CFO ), has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, or disclosure
 controls , as of the end of the period covered by this report as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e). Disclosure controls are controls and procedures designed to reasonably ensure that information
 required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Form 10-K annual report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
 controls include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our
 CEO and CFO, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our disclosure controls include some, but not all, components of our internal control over financial
 reporting. 

Based on the evaluation described above, the CEO and CFO concluded that disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2023, were effective in ensuring information required to be disclosed in our SEC
 reports was recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information was accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as
 appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). This system is designed to provide reasonable
 assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

47 

Table of Contents 

Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions
 and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
 that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
 disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.

Our management performed an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, utilizing the criteria described in the Internal Control Integrated
 Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). The objective of this assessment was to determine whether our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of March
 31, 2023.

Management s assessment included evaluation of such elements as the design and operating effectiveness of key financial reporting controls, process documentation, accounting policies, and our overall control
 environment. Based on this assessment, management determined that, as of March 31, 2023, the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting.

Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, who audited the consolidated financial statements of the Company included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has also audited the
 effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as stated in its report appearing on page F-5.

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that occurred during the quarter ended
 March 31, 2023, which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

LIMITATIONS ON THE EFFECTIVENESS OF CONTROLS

Our management, including our CEO and CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system cannot
 provide absolute assurance due to its inherent limitations; it is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. A control system also can be
 circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs.
 Because of such limitations, disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting cannot prevent or detect all misstatements, whether unintentional errors or fraud. However, these inherent limitations are known features of
 the financial reporting process; therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk.

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION

None.

ITEM 9C. 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

None.

PART III

Except as set forth below, the information required by Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 is incorporated by reference from our definitive 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not
 later than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year.

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Information about our directors may be found under the caption Proposal 1 Election of Directors in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement ). The information
 in the 2023 Proxy Statement set forth under the captions of Corporate Governance Code of Conduct and Board Committees is incorporated herein by reference.

The information under the heading Executive Officers in Item 1 of this report is incorporated in this section by reference.

48 

Table of Contents 

CODE OF ETHICS

We have a code of ethics that applies to all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and our Board. The Code of Conduct is
 available on our website at www.eplus.com/investors/corporate-governance-legal/code-of-conduct . We will disclose on our website any amendments to or waivers from any provision
 of the Code of Conduct that applies to any of the directors or executive officers. 

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information in the 2023 Proxy Statement set forth under the captions Director Compensation, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, 2023 Executive Compensation, and Corporate Governance Compensation
 Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The information in the 2023 Proxy Statement set forth under the captions Equity Compensation Plan Information and Stock Ownership is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

The information in the 2023 Proxy Statement set forth under the caption Corporate Governance - Related Person Transactions and Independence of Our Board of Directors is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

The information in the 2023 Proxy Statement set forth under the caption Proposal 3 Ratification of the Selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for our
 Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2023 is incorporated herein by reference.

PART IV

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a)(1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying Index to Financial Statements and Schedules are filed as a part of this report and incorporated herein by reference.

(a)(2) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE

See Financial Statement Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts on page S-1. 

(a)(3) EXHIBIT LIST

Exhibits 10.2 through 10.12 are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements.

Exhibit No.

Exhibit Description

3.1 

e Plus inc. Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as last amended November 9, 2021 (filed herewith).

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of e Plus inc., as of March 2, 2022. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K
 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022). 

4.1 

Specimen Certificate of Common Stock (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-11737) originally filed on September 11, 1996).

49 

Table of Contents 

4.2 

Description of e Plus inc. s securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
 4.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022).

10.1 

Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by and between e Plus and its directors and officers (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
 our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2016).

10.2 

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement effective September 6, 2017, by and between e Plus inc. and Mark P. Marron (Incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended December 31, 2017).

10.3 

Amendment #1, effective July 16, 2018, to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement effective September 6, 2017, by and between e Plus inc. and Mark P.
 Marron (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 18, 2018).

10.4 

Amendment #2, effective November 14, 2019, to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement effective September 6, 2017, by and between e Plus inc. and Mark P.
 Marron (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended December 31, 2019).

10.5 

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement effective September 6, 2017, by and between e Plus inc. and Elaine D. Marion (Incorporated herein by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended December 31, 2017).

10.6 

Amendment #1, effective November 14, 2019, to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective September 6, 2017, by and between e Plus inc. and Elaine
 D. Marion (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended December 31, 2019).

10.7 

Employment Agreement, effective May 7, 2018, by and between e Plus inc. and Darren S. Raiguel. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2018).

10.8 

Amendment No. 1, effective November 14, 2019, to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective May 7, 2018, by and between e Plus inc. and Darren S
 Raiguel. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 6, 2020).

10.9 

e Plus inc. 2017 Non-Employee Director Long-Term Incentive Plan (updated to reflect the stock split effected December 13, 2021) as amended
 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Current Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended December 31, 2021).

10.10 

e Plus inc. 2012 Employee Long-term Incentive Plan (updated to reflect stock split effected March 31, 2017) (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to
 our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017).

10.11 

ePlus inc. Cash Incentive Plan, effective April 1, 2018, (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 18, 2018).

10.12 

e Plus 2021 Employee Long-Term Incentive Plan (updated to reflect the stock split effected December 13, 2021) as amended (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current
 Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended December 31, 2021).

10.13 

e Plus inc. 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 20, 2022).

10.14 

First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2021, by and among e Plus Technology, inc., e Plus Technology Services,
 inc., SLAIT Consulting, LLC, certain of e Plus inc. subsidiaries as guarantors, Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC as administrative agent and the Lenders party thereto
 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report in Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2021). 

50 

Table of Contents 

10.15 

Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2021, by and among e Plus Technology, inc., e Plus Technology Services, inc., SLAIT
 Consulting, LLC, certain future subsidiaries of e Plus inc., as guarantors, Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC as administrative agent for the benefit of Secured Parties
 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2021). 

10.16 

First Amended and Restated Collateralized Guaranty, dated as of October 13, 2021, by and among e Plus Group, inc. and Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC as agent for the
 benefit of Secured Parties (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2021). 

10.17 

First Amended and Restated Limited Guaranty, dated as of October 13, 2021, by and between e Plus inc.
 and Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC as agent for the benefit of Secured Parties (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2021). 

10.18 

First Amendment to First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2022, by and among e Plus Technology, inc., e Plus Technology Services inc., SLAIT Consulting, LLC, certain of e Plus inc. subsidiaries as guarantors, Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance,
 LLC as administrative agent and the Lenders party thereto. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed on November 3, 2022). 

10.19 

Second Amendment to First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 10, 2023, by and among e Plus Technology, inc., e Plus Technology Services inc., SLAIT Consulting, LLC, certain of e Plus inc. subsidiaries as guarantors, Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC as administrative agent and the Lenders party thereto. (Incorporated herein
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 14, 2023). 

21 

Subsidiaries of e Plus inc. (filed herewith).

23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. (filed herewith).

31.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of e Plus inc. pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a). (filed herewith).

31.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of e Plus inc. pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a). (filed herewith).

32 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of e Plus inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 (furnished herewith).

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL document)

Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request; provided,
 however, that the registrant may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act for any document so furnished.

51 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 16.

FORM 10-K SUMMARY

None.

52 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
 authorized.

e Plus inc.

/s/ MARK P. MARRON 

By: Mark P. Marron

Chief Executive Officer and President

Date: May 24, 2023

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

/s/ MARK P. MARRON 

By: Mark P. Marron

Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director

 (Principal Executive Officer)

Date: May 24, 2023

/s/ ELAINE D. MARION 

By: Elaine D. Marion, Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

Date: May 24, 2023

/s/ RENEE BERGERON 

By: Ren e Bergeron, Director

Date: May 24, 2023

/s/ BRUCE M. BOWEN 

By: Bruce M. Bowen, Director

Date: May 24, 2023

/s/ JOHN E. CALLIES 

By: John E. Callies, Director

Date: May 24, 2023

/s/ C. THOMAS FAULDERS, III 

By: C. Thomas Faulders, III, Chairman

Date: May 24, 2023

/s/ ERIC D. HOVDE 

By: Eric D. Hovde, Director

Date: May 24, 2023

/s/ IRA A. HUNT 

By: Ira A. Hunt, Director

Date: May 24, 2023

/s/ MAUREEN F. MORRISON 

By: Maureen F. Morrison

Date: May 24, 2023

/s/ BEN XIANG 

By: Ben Xiang, Director

Date: May 24, 2023

53 

Table of Contents 

e Plus inc. AND SUBSIDIARIES

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES

PAGE

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Deloitte Touche LLP 
 (PCAOB ID 34 

F-2

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 

F-6

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31,
 2023, 2022 and 2021 

F-7

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

F-8

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31,
 2023, 2022 and 2021 

F-9

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years
 ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 

F-11

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-12

F-1 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of

e Plus inc.

Herndon, Virginia

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of ePlus inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of March 31, 2023, and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023,
 and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
 as of March 31, 2023, and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over
 financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of
 Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated May 24, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on
 our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
 Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
 whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and
 performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and
 significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
 communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit
 matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or
 disclosures to which they relate.

Revenue Recognition Gross Versus Net Recognition of Sales of Third-Party Software Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements

Critical Audit Matter Description

The Company is typically the principal in sales of third-party software. Sales are recognized on a gross basis with the selling price to the customer
 recorded as sales and the acquisition cost of the product recognized as cost of sales. The Company recognizes revenue from these sales at the point in time that control passes to the customer, which is typically upon delivery of the software to the
 customer. The Company is also the agent in sales of third-party maintenance, software support, and services as the third-party controls the service until it is transferred to the customer. Similarly, the Company is the agent in sales of third-party
 software and accompanying third-party support when the third-party software benefits the customer only in conjunction with the accompanying support. In these sales, the Company considers the third-party software and support as inputs to a single
 performance obligation. In all these sales where the Company is the agent, the Company recognizes sales on a net basis at the point that its customer and vendor accept the terms and conditions of the arrangement.

F-2 

Table of Contents 

Auditing the Company s determination of gross or net recognition of third-party software and support sales involved a high degree of subjectivity as it required the
 evaluation of whether the third -party software benefits the customer only in conjunction with the accompanying support. When the support is determined to be
 critical or essential to the software, the transaction is viewed as one combined performance obligation, and revenue is recognized net of related costs.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our audit procedures related to management s conclusion related to the recognition of sales of third-party software included the following, among others:

We tested the design and operating effectiveness of management s controls over the determination of gross or net recognition of third-party software and support sales.

For a selection of contracts, we performed the following procedures:

Inspected the customer invoice and purchase order to determine whether the sale represented a valid transaction with a customer.

Compared the cost per the Company s records to the cost per the vendor invoice.

Evaluated the sale to determine whether it constituted a single or multiple performance obligation(s) through inspection of the customer invoice, purchase order, and information on
 vendor websites accessed through third-party search engines.

Evaluated the sale to determine whether there was accompanying third-party support related to the software, and whether the support was separately identifiable or essential to the
 functionality of the software through inspection of customer invoices, purchase orders, information on vendor websites accessed through third-party search engines and inquiries with management, as necessary.

Transfers of Financial Assets Refer to Note 4 to the financial statements

Critical Audit Matter Description

The Company enters into arrangements to transfer the contractual payments due under financing receivables and operating lease agreements, which are accounted for in
 accordance with Codification Topic 860. These transfers are accounted for as either a sale or as a pledge of collateral in a secured borrowing. For transfers accounted for as a secured borrowing, the corresponding investments serve as collateral for
 non-recourse notes payable. For transfers accounted for as sales, the Company derecognizes the carrying value of the asset transferred plus any liability and recognizes a net gain or loss on the sale, which are presented within net sales in the
 consolidated statement of operations.

Auditing the Company s determination of whether the transfer should be accounted for as a secured borrowing or a sale involved a high degree of subjectivity. This
 subjectivity stems from management s assessment of whether the transferred assets have been isolated from the transferor.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our audit procedures related to management s conclusion related to the transfer of financial assets included the following, among others:

We tested the design and operating effectiveness of management s controls over the transfer of financial assets, including management s controls over the evaluation of the terms of
 loan documents and accompanying investor data, assignment agreements, and the calculation of the gain or loss.

F-3 

Table of Contents 

For a selection of transactions, we evaluated the Company s determination of sale or secured borrowing, by evaluating, among other factors, if the transferred assets have been
 isolated from the Company. Specifically, we performed the following procedures:

Obtained the executed transfer agreement and evaluated whether the Company:

Assigned its rights, titles, interests, estates, claims, and demands to the third-party assignee.

Retained any rights with respect to the payments assigned to the third-party assignee or had been appropriately isolated from the assets. We evaluated opinions from outside legal
 counsel, when applicable.

Obtained and inspected the cash proceeds support from the transfer and compared the cash received to the selling price.

Tested the mathematical accuracy of management s calculation of the gain or loss based on the cash proceeds and the receivable balance as of date of sale.

/s/ 

May 24, 2023

We have served as the Company s auditor since 1990.

F-4 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of

e Plus inc.

Herndon, Virginia

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of ePlus inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company
 maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control 
 Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as
 of and for the year ended March 31, 2023, of the Company and our report dated May 24, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

Basis for Opinion

The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the
 effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial
 reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the
 Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a
 material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit
 provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
 reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to
 the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
 financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
 evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 

McLean, Virginia

May 24, 2023

F-5 

Table of Contents 

e Plus inc. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS 

(in thousands, except per share amounts)

March 31, 2023

March 31, 2022

ASSETS

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

Accounts receivable trade, net

Accounts receivable other, net

Inventories

Financing receivables net, current

Deferred costs

Other current assets

Total current assets

Financing receivables and operating leases net

Deferred tax asset

Property, equipment, and other assets

Goodwill

Other intangible assets net

TOTAL ASSETS

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY

LIABILITIES

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Accounts payable floor plan

Salaries and commissions payable

Deferred revenue

Recourse notes payable current

Non-recourse notes payable current

Other current liabilities

Total current liabilities

Recourse notes payable - long-term

Non-recourse notes payable - long-term

Deferred tax liability 

Other liabilities

TOTAL LIABILITIES

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Note 10 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY

Preferred stock, per share par value; shares authorized; outstanding

Common stock, per share par value; shares authorized; outstanding at March 31, 2023 
 and outstanding at March 31, 2022 

Additional paid-in capital

Treasury stock, at cost, shares at March 31, 2023 and
 shares at March 31, 2022 

Retained earnings

Accumulated other comprehensive income foreign currency translation adjustment

Total Stockholders Equity

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

F-6 

Table of Contents 

e Plus inc. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(in thousands, except per share amounts)

Year Ended March 31,

2023

2022

2021

Net sales

Product

Services

Total

Cost of sales

Product

Services

Total

Gross profit

Selling, general, and administrative

Depreciation and amortization

Interest and financing costs

Operating expenses

Operating income

Other income (expense), net 

Earnings before tax

Provision for income taxes

Net earnings

Net earnings per common share basic

Net earnings per common share diluted

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic

Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

F-7 

Table of Contents 

e Plus inc. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

(in thousands)

Year Ended March 31 ,

2023 

2022 

2021 

NET EARNINGS

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME, NET OF TAX:

Foreign currency translation adjustments

Other comprehensive income (loss)

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

F-8 

Table of Contents 

e Plus inc. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
 CASH FLOWS 

(in thousands)

Year Ended March 31,

2023

2022

2021

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net earnings

Adjustments to reconcile
 net earnings to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

Provision for credit losses

Share-based compensation expense

Deferred taxes

Payments from lessees directly to lenders operating leases

Gain on disposal of property, equipment, and operating lease equipment

Changes in:

Accounts receivable

Inventories-net

Financing receivables net

Deferred costs and other assets

Accounts payable-trade

Salaries and commissions payable, deferred revenue, and other liabilities

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Proceeds from sale of property, equipment, and operating lease equipment

Purchases of property, equipment and operating lease equipment

Cash used in acquisitions, net of cash acquired

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Borrowings of non-recourse and recourse notes payable

Repayments of non-recourse and recourse notes payable

Repurchase of common stock

Repayments of financing of acquisitions

Net borrowings (repayments) on floor plan facility

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period

F-9 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - continued

(in thousands)

Year Ended March 31,

2023

2022

2021

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:

Cash paid for interest

Cash paid for income taxes

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities

Schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities:

Proceeds from sale of property, equipment, and leased equipment

Purchases of property, equipment, and operating lease equipment

Borrowing of non-recourse and recourse notes payable

Repayments of non-recourse and recourse notes payable

Vesting of share-based compensation

Repurchase of common stock 

New operating lease assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

F-10 

Table of Contents 

e Plus inc. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

(in thousands)

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Common Stock 

Paid-In 

Treasury 

Retained 

Comprehensive 

Shares

Par Value

Capital

Stock

Earnings

Income

Total

Balance, March 31, 2020

Issuance of restricted stock awards

Share-based compensation

Repurchase of common stock

Net earnings

-

Foreign currency translation adjustment

-

Balance, March 31, 2021 

Issuance of restricted stock awards

Share-based compensation

Repurchase of common stock

Stock split effected in the form of a dividend

Retirement of treasury stock

Net earnings

-

Foreign currency translation adjustment

-

Balance, March 31, 2022 

Issuance of restricted stock awards 

Share-based compensation 

Repurchase of common stock 

Net earnings 

- 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

- 

Balance, March 31, 2023 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

F-11 

Table of Contents 

e Plus inc. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

As of and for the Years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021

t holding
 any amounts in trust for third-party recipients, and there were restrictions on the withdrawal of funds from our money market
 funds.

F-12 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively, concentration of invoices due from Verizon Communications Inc. The risk on our accounts receivable and financing receivables is reduced by having a broad customer base in a diverse range of
 industries and through the ongoing evaluation of collectability of our portfolio. The credit risk is further mitigated by transferring certain of our financing receivables to financial institutions on a non-recourse basis and, for our lease
 receivables, by owning the underlying asset. A substantial portion of our sales are products from Cisco Systems, which represented approximately ,
 , and , of our
 technology segment net sales for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively.

million, million, and million, respectively, and their fair values were 
 million, million, and 
 million, respectively. On March 31, 2022, the carrying amounts of our notes receivable, recourse and non-recourse payables were 
 million, million, and 
 million, respectively, and their fair values were million, million, and million, respectively.

to years, with most terms ranging between to years. When we lease equipment under an operating lease, we recognize the underlying asset at cost and depreciate it on a straight-line bases over
 its estimated useful life. We estimate that the useful life for most information technology IT equipment under lease is .

F-13 

Table of Contents 

million, a loss of million,
 and a gain of million, respectively, due to foreign currency transactions.

F-14 

Table of Contents 

and lease warehouse space for periods of up to years, and we have some lease options
 that can be exercised to extend beyond those lease term limits. At the lease commencement date, we recognize operating lease liabilities based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments. In determining the present value of future
 minimum lease payments, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date. When the future minimum payments encompass non-lease components, we account for the lease and non-lease components as a
 single lease component. We elected not to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for leases with an initial term of 12 months or less. We recognize lease expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term beginning on the
 commencement date.

.
 We typically depreciate internal use IT equipment over , perpetual software licenses over , furniture and fixtures over ,
 and telecommunications equipment over .

F-15 

Table of Contents 

F-16 

Table of Contents 

months. We measure the award on the grant date at fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 

t have significant capitalized development costs for internal use software for either of the years ended March 31, 2023,
 or March 31, 2022. We capitalized development costs for internal use software of million for the year ended March 31, 2021. We had
 capitalized costs, net of amortization, of approximately million and million as of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, respectively, that is included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as a component of other intangible
 assets-net.

million and million,
 respectively, which were included within accounts receivable-other, net in the accompanying balance sheets.

F-17 

Table of Contents 

million, million, and million of receivables from contracts with customers included within financing receivables as of March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Non-current (included in other liabilities)

million and million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, and
 2022, respectively.

F-18 

Table of Contents 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter 

Total remaining performance obligations

Cost of sales

Gross profit

Lease income on operating leases

Unguaranteed residual value (1)

Unearned income

Allowance for credit losses (2)

Total, net

Reported as:

Current

Long-term

Total, net

thousand that we retained after selling the related lease receivable. 

F-19 

Table of Contents 

Unguaranteed residual value (1)

Unearned income

Allowance for credit losses (2)

Total, net

Reported as:

Current

Long-term

Total, net

thousand that we retained after selling the related lease receivable. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 
 and thereafter

Total

Accumulated depreciation

Investment in operating lease equipment net (1)

thousand as of both March 31, 2023, and 2022. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total

F-20 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively, and operating leases of million and million, respectively which were collateral for non-recourse notes payable. See Note 9 , Notes Payable and Credit Facility. 

million, million, and million, respectively, and total proceeds from these sales were million, million, and million, respectively. 

million for servicing obligations. 

and lease warehouse space for periods of up to years, and we have some lease options that can be exercised to extend beyond those lease term limits. We recognize our right-of-use assets as part
 of property, equipment, and other assets .
 As of March 31, 2023, and 2022, we had right-of-use assets of million and 
 million, respectively. 

million and million, respectively, and
 long-term lease liabilities of million
 and million, respectively. We
 recognized rent expense of million and
 million as part of selling, general,
 and administrative expenses during the years ended March 31, 2023 , and March 31, 2022 , respectively. 

Weighted average discount rate

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter 

Total lease payments

Less: interest

Present value of lease liabilities

office lease that had not yet commenced with a total commitment of million. 

F-21 

Table of Contents 

Acquisitions

-

-

Foreign currency translations

-

-

Ending balance

reporting unit. The carrying value of goodwill was million and million as of
 March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, respectively. Our goodwill balance increased by million for the year ended March 31, 2023, due
 to million in goodwill additions from our acquisition of Future Com, Ltd., offset by foreign currency translation of million. Please refer to Note 16 , Business Combinations for details of our acquisition. 

percent change in our estimate of the fair value of the reporting unit. 

Capitalized software development

Total

to years. Capitalized software development is generally
 amortized over years.

million, million, and million for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

F-22 

Table of Contents 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 and thereafter 

Total

Provision for credit losses

Write-offs and other

Balance as of March 31, 2021 

Provision for credit losses

Write-offs and other

Balance as of March 31, 2022 

Provision for credit losses

Write-offs and other

Balance as of March 31, 2023 

.

to .

and up to .

F-23 

Table of Contents 

Average CQR

Total

Lease receivables: 

High CQR

Average CQR

Total

Total amortized cost (1)

Average CQR

Total

Lease receivables: 

High CQR

Average CQR

Total

Total amortized cost (1)

Lease receivables

Total

F-24 

Table of Contents 

Lease receivables

Total

Leasehold improvements

Capitalized software

Vehicles

Total assets

Accumulated depreciation and amortization

Property and equipment - net

million for the year ended March 31, 2023, and 
 million for both the years ended March 31, 2022, and March 31, 2021.

million, together with a sublimit for a
 revolving credit facility for up to million.

million to million and increase the maximum
 aggregate amount of principal available under the Revolving Facility from million to million. 

million and million as of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, respectively. On our balance sheet, our liability under the accounts payable floor plan facility is presented as
 accounts payable floor plan.

F-25 

Table of Contents 

balance outstanding as of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022. On our balance sheet, our liability under the revolving
 credit facility is presented as part of recourse notes payable current. 

plus an Applicable Margin of . Our weighted average interest rate on the accounts
 receivable component of our WFCDF Credit Facility was during our year ended March 31, 2023, compared to over the prior year . 

million by ePlus inc . 

term, which automatically renews for successive terms thereafter. However, either the Borrowers or WFCDF may terminate the
 WFCDF Credit Facility at any time by providing a written termination notice to the other party no less than days prior to such
 termination . 

million and million, respectively, in recourse borrowings arising from one installment payment arrangement within our technology segment. Our payments under this installment agreement are due quarterly in amounts that are correlated to the payments due to us from a customer under a
 related notes receivable. We discounted our payments due under this installment agreement to calculate our payable balance using an interest rate of as of both March 31, 2023 , and March 31, 2022 . 

million and million, respectively, of
 non-recourse borrowings that were collateralized by investments in notes and leases. Principal and interest payments are generally due periodically in amounts that are approximately equal to the total payments due from the customer under the
 leases or notes receivable that collateralize the notes payable. The weighted average interest rate for our non-recourse notes payable was and , as of March 31, 2023 , and March 31, 2022 , respectively. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total maturities

F-26 

Table of Contents 

Basic and diluted common shares outstanding: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic

Effect of dilutive shares

Weighted average shares common outstanding diluted

Earnings per common share - basic

Earnings per common share - diluted

shares of our outstanding common stock, over a 12-month period beginning May 28, 2023. On March 24, 2022, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to shares of our outstanding common stock, over a 12-month period beginning May 28, 2022. On March 18, 2021, our board of directors authorized
 the repurchase of up to shares of our outstanding common stock, adjusted for the stock split, over a 12-month period beginning
 May 28, 2021. These plans authorized purchases to be made from time to time in the open market, or in privately negotiated transactions, subject to availability. Any repurchased shares will have the status of treasury shares and may be used, when
 needed, for general corporate purposes.

shares of our outstanding common stock at an average cost of per share for a total purchase price of million under the share repurchase plan; we also
 acquired shares of common stock at a value of million to satisfy tax withholding obligations relating to the vesting of employees restricted stock. 

F-27 

Table of Contents 

shares of our outstanding common stock at an average cost of 
 per share for a total purchase price of million under the share repurchase plan; we also acquired shares of common stock at a value of 
 million to satisfy tax withholding obligations relating to the vesting of employees restricted stock.

shares were authorized for grant of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock,
 restricted stock units, performance awards, or other share-based awards to e Plus employees.

shares, retroactively adjusted for the stock split, were authorized for grant to non-employee directors. The purpose of the 2017 Director LTIP is
 to align the economic interests of the directors with the interests of stockholders by including equity as a component of pay and to attract, motivate and retain experienced and knowledgeable directors. Each director receives an annual grant of
 restricted stock having a grant-date fair value equal to the cash compensation earned by an outside director during our fiscal year ended immediately before the respective annual grant-date. These restricted shares are prohibited from being sold,
 transferred, assigned, pledged, or otherwise encumbered or disposed of. The shares vest half on the anniversary and half on the second-year anniversary from the date of the grant. In addition, each director may also elect to receive stock in lieu of their cash compensation. Stock
 received in lieu of cash vests immediately.

restricted shares under the 2017 Director LTIP and restricted shares under the 2021 Employee LTIP.

restricted shares under the 2017 Director LTIP, 
 restricted shares under the 2012 Employee LTIP, and restricted shares under the 2021 Employee LTIP. 

F-28 

Table of Contents 

Granted

Vested

Forfeited

Non-vested March 31, 2023 

, , and , respectively.

million, million, and million, respectively.

shares of common stock at a value of 
 million, which was included in treasury stock. For the year ended March 31, 2022, we withheld shares of common stock at a value of
 million, which was included in treasury stock.

-month intervals at a discount off the lesser of the closing market price on the first or the last trading day of each
 offering period. The aggregate number of shares of our stock that may be issued to participants under the plan is million. Our
 inaugural offering period under the 2022 ESPP is January 1, 2023, to June 30, 2023. Through March 31, 2023, we had t yet issued any
 shares under the 2022 ESPP.

Income tax benefit

million, which
 is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of months.

F-29 

Table of Contents 

million, million, and million, respectively.

t have any unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions. As of March 31, 2022, our total gross unrecognized tax benefits
 recorded for uncertain income tax, and interest and penalties thereon, were negligible. We recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as part of income tax expense.

to the provision for income taxes included in the consolidated statements of operations is as follows (in thousands, except percentages):

State income tax expense net of federal benefit

Non-deductible executive compensation

Other

Provision for income taxes

Effective income tax rate

State

Foreign

Total current expense

Deferred: 

Federal

State

Foreign

Total deferred expense (benefit)

Provision for income taxes

F-30 

Table of Contents 

Deferred revenue

Allowance for credit losses

Restricted stock

Other deferred tax assets

Accrued bonus

Lease liabilities

Other credits and carryforwards

Gross deferred tax assets

Less: valuation allowance

Net deferred tax assets

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property and equipment

Operating leases

Prepaid expenses

Right-of-use assets

Tax deductible goodwill

Total deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax asset

million was recorded, to
 offset gross deferred tax assets primarily attributable to net operating losses at certain of the foreign subsidiaries and foreign tax credit carry forwards. We believe that it is more likely than not that we will realize the remaining gross deferred
 tax assets through generating taxable income or the reversal of existing temporary differences attributable to the gross deferred tax liabilities.

March 31, 2022 

Assets:

Money market funds

F-31 

Table of Contents 

million, equal to cash paid at closing. As of our filing date, our initial accounting for the business combination is incomplete.

million consisting of million paid in cash at closing plus an additional million that
 was subsequently paid to the sellers based on adjustments to our determination of the total net assets delivered. 

Other assets

Identified intangible assets

Accounts payable and other liabilities

Contract liabilities 

Total identifiable net assets

Goodwill

Total purchase consideration

million consists of customer relationships with an estimated useful life of . The fair value of acquired receivables equals the
 gross contractual amounts receivable. We expect to collect all acquired receivables.

million, which was assigned to our technology reporting unit. The goodwill recognized in the acquisition is attributable to the acquired assembled workforce and expected synergies, none of which qualify for recognition as a separate intangible asset.
 The total amount of goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The amount of revenues and earnings of the acquiree since the acquisition date are not material. Likewise, the impact to the revenue and earnings of the combined entity for
 the current reporting period as though the acquisition date had been April 1, 2022, is not material.

F-32 

Table of Contents 

operating segments- our technology segment and our financing segment. Our
 technology segment includes sales of information technology products, third-party software, third-party maintenance, advanced professional and managed services and our proprietary software to commercial, state, and local governments, and government
 contractors. Our financing segment consists of the financing of IT equipment, software and related services to commercial, state, and local governments, and government contractors. Our CODM uses several measures to allocate resources and assess
 performance. Our reported measure is earnings before taxes. 

F-33 

Table of Contents 

Service

Total

Cost of Sales

Product

Service

Total

Gross Profit

Selling, general, and administrative

Depreciation and amortization

Interest and financing costs

Operating expenses

Operating income

Other income (expense), net

Earnings before tax

Net Sales 

Contracts with customers

Financing and other

Total

Purchases of property, equipment and operating lease equipment

Selected Financial Data - Balance Sheet 

Total assets

F-34 

Table of Contents 

Technology

State and local government and educational institutions

Healthcare

Financial Services

All others

Net sales

Less: Revenue from financing and other

Revenue from contracts with customers

Type: 

Data Center / Cloud

Networking

Security

Collaboration

Other

ePlus services

Net sales

Less: Revenue from financing and other

Revenue from contracts with customers

Timing and position as principal or agent: 

Transferred at a point in time as principal 

Transferred at a point in time as agent 

Transferred over time as principal 

Revenue from contracts with customers 

Non US

Total

F-35 

Table of Contents 

Non US

Total

, and of net sales for the years ended March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 , and March 31, 2021 , respectively, all of which related to our technology segment. 

F-36 

Table of Contents 

Year ended March 31, 2022 

Year ended March 31, 2023 

Allowance for credit losses: 

Year ended March 31, 2021 

Year ended March 31, 2022 

Year ended March 31, 2023 

Valuation for deferred taxes: 

Year ended March 31, 2021 

Year ended March 31, 2022 

Year ended March 31, 2023 

million, million, and million as
 of March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 brhc20053157_ex3-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.1

Exhibit 3.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED

 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF

 EPLUS INC.

The present name of the corporation is ePlus inc. (the Corporation ). The Corporation was incorporated under the name MLC Holdings, Inc. by filing of its original Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of
 State of the State of Delaware on August 27, 1996. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, which restates and integrates and also further amends the provisions of the Corporation s Certificate of Incorporation,
 was duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Laws of the State of Delaware (particularly Chapter 1, Title 8 of the Delaware Code, as amended, and referred to as the Delaware General
 Corporation Law ). The Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation is hereby amended, integrated and restated to read in its entirety as follows:

FIRST

The name of the Corporation is ePlus inc.

SECOND

The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, 19801, and the name of the Corporation s registered agent in the State
 of Delaware is The Corporation Trust Company.

THIRD

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law.

FOURTH

The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is fifty-two million (52,000,000) shares consisting of fifty 50 million (50,000,000) shares of common stock having
 a par value of .01 per share (the Common Stock and two million (2,000,000) shares of preferred stock having a par value of .01 per share (the Preferred Stock ).

The Board of Directors of the Corporation is authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by law, to provide by resolution or resolutions for the issuance of shares of the Preferred Stock as a class or in series, and,
 by filing a certificate of designations, pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, setting forth a copy of such resolution or resolutions to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series and to fix the
 designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of the class or of each such series and the qualifications, limitations, and restrictions thereof. The authority of the Board of Directors with respect to the class or each series shall
 include, but not be limited to, determination of the following:

a) the number of shares constituting any series and the distinctive designation of that series;

b) the dividend rate of the shares of the class or of any series, whether dividends shall be cumulative, and if so, from which date or dates, and the relative rights of priority, if any of payment of dividends
 on shares of the class or of that series;

c) whether the class or any series shall have voting rights, in addition to the voting rights provided by law, and if so, the terms of such voting rights;

d) whether the class or any series shall have conversion privileges and, if so, the terms and conditions of conversion, including provision for adjustment of the conversion rate in such events as the Board of
 Directors shall determine;

e) whether or not the shares of the class or of any series shall be redeemable, and, if so, the terms and conditions of such redemption, including the date or date upon or after which they shall be redeemable
 and the amount per share payable in case of redemption, which amount may vary under different conditions and at different redemption rates;

f) whether the class or any series shall have a sinking fund for the redemption or purchase of shares of the class or of that series, and if so, the terms and amount of such sinking fund;

g) the rights of the shares of the class or of any series in the event of voluntary or involuntary dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, and the relative rights of priority, if any, of payment of
 shares of the class or of that series; and

h) any other powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions of the class or of that series.

All rights accruing to the outstanding shares of the Corporation not expressly provided for to the contrary herein or in any certificate of designation shall be vested exclusively in the Common Stock.

FIFTH

The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.

SIXTH

In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors of the Corporation is expressly authorized to make, alter, or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation.

SEVENTH

No person shall be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director; provided , however , that the foregoing shall not eliminate or
 limit the liability of a director (i) for any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii)
 under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit.

EIGHTH

The Corporation shall indemnify, in the manner and to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law (and in the case of any amendment thereto, to the extent that such amendment permits the
 Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than permitted prior thereto), any person (or the estate of any person) who is or was a party to, or is threatened to be made a party to, any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or
 proceeding, whether or not by or in the right of the Corporation, and whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or otherwise, by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was
 serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan. The corporation may, to the fullest
 extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any such person against any liability which may be asserted against such person. To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General
 Corporation Law, the indemnification provided herein may include expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement and any such expenses may be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such
 action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the person seeking indemnification to repay such amounts if it is ultimately determined that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified. The indemnification provided
 herein shall not be deemed to limit the right of the Corporation to indemnify any other person for any such expenses to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, nor shall it be deemed exclusive of any other rights to
 which any person seeking indemnification from the Corporation may be entitled under any agreement, the Corporation s Bylaws, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, both as to action in such person s official capacity and as
 to action in another capacity while holding such office. The Corporation may, but only to the extent that the Board of Directors may (but shall not be obligated to) authorize from time to time, grant rights to indemnification and to the
 advancement of expenses to any employee or agent of the Corporation to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Article Eighth as they apply to the indemnification and advancement of expenses of directors and officers of the Corporation.

NINTH

From time to time any of the provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation may be amended, altered, or repealed, and other provisions authorized by the laws of the State of Delaware at the time in force may be added
 or inserted in the manner and at the time prescribed by said laws, and all rights at any time conferred upon the stockholders of the Corporation by this Certificate of Incorporation are granted subject to the provisions of this Article Ninth.

</EX-3.1>

<EX-21>
 3
 brhc20053157_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 21

 Subsidiaries of e Plus inc.

 Technology

e Plus Technology, inc., a Commonwealth of Virginia corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of e Plus inc.

e Plus Software, LLC, a Commonwealth of Virginia limited liability corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of e Plus Technology, inc.

e Plus Technology Netherlands B.V., a Netherlands private company with limited liability, a wholly-owned subsidiary of e Plus Technology, inc.

e Plus Cloud Services, inc., a Commonwealth of Virginia corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of e Plus Technology, inc.

SLAIT Consulting, LLC, a Commonwealth of Virginia limited liability corporation, a
 wholly-owned subsidiary of e Plus Technology, inc.

IGXGlobal UK, Limited, an England and Wales Private limited Company, a wholly-owned
 subsidiary of e Plus Technology, inc.

Onecloud Consulting Inc, a California corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of e Plus Technology, inc.

CloudUno Consulting India Private Limited, an Indian private limited company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Onecloud Consulting Inc.

Cloud Uno Pte. Ltd., a Singapore private limited company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Onecloud Consulting Inc.

e Plus EMEA, inc. Ltd., an Israel limited company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of e Plus Technology, inc.

e Plus Technology Canada, inc., registered in Canada, wholly owned by e Plus Technology, inc.

e Plus Technology Services, inc., a Commonwealth of Virginia corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of e Plus Technology, inc.

Financing

e Plus Group, inc., a Commonwealth of Virginia corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of e Plus inc.

e Plus Financing Netherlands B.V., a Netherlands private company with limited liability, a wholly-owned subsidiary of e Plus Group, inc.

IGX Capital UK, Ltd., an England and Wales Private limited Company, a wholly-owned
 subsidiary of e Plus Group, inc.

e Plus Iceland, inc., a Commonwealth of Virginia corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of e Plus Group, inc.

e Plus Government, inc., a Commonwealth of Virginia corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of e Plus inc.

e Plus Capital, inc., a Commonwealth of Virginia corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of e Plus inc.

e Plus Canada Company, registered in Canada, wholly owned by e Plus Capital, inc.

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 brhc20053157_ex23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

Exhibit 23

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-220601, 333-261441, and 333-268147 on Forms S-8 and Registration Statement No.
 333-269626 on Form S-3 of our reports dated May 24, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of e Plus
 inc. and subsidiaries, and the effectiveness of e Plus inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report
 on Form 10-K of e Plus inc. for the year ended March 31, 2023.

/s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 

McLean, Virginia

May 24, 2023

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 brhc20053157_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

 CERTIFICATION

I, Mark P. Marron, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of e Plus inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
 reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15 (f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
 this report based on such evaluation; and

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
 directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: May 24, 2023

/s/ MARK P. MARRON

Mark P. Marron

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 brhc20053157_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

 CERTIFICATION

 I, Elaine D. Marion, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of e Plus inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
 reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15 (f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by
 this report based on such evaluation; and

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
 directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and
 report financial information; and

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: May 24, 2023

/s/ ELAINE D. MARION

Elaine D. Marion

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 brhc20053157_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32

CERTIFICATION

PURSUANT TO 18 USC. SECTION 1350

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of e Plus inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), Mark P. Marron,
 Chief Executive Officer and President, and Elaine D. Marion, Chief Financial Officer, each hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his or her knowledge:

a) 
 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

b) 
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of e Plus inc.

Date: May 24, 2023

/s/ MARK P. MARRON

Mark P. Marron Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ ELAINE D. MARION

Elaine D. Marion Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer)

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to e Plus and will be retained by us and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
 request. The foregoing certification is being furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and it is not to be incorporated by reference into any
 filing of the Company, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 plus-20230331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 plus-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 plus-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 plus-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 plus-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

