<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1903464_0001193125-23-103807.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4654980</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>305291</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>818743</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1278881</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1118822</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1014401</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-103807.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417170326
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-103807
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aimfinity Investment Corp. I
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001903464
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41361
		FILM NUMBER:		23824635

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 ROCKEFELLER PLAZA, 11TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10020
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6467222971

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 ROCKEFELLER PLAZA, 11TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10020

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-103807.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 d410481d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended 

 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from 
 to 
. 

 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of

 incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

 Identification Number)

, 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

 ) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class

Trading

 Symbol

Name of each exchange

 on which registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the ordinary shares held by non-affiliates
 of the registrant, computed as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was . The registrant s units commenced public trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on April 26, 2022, and its new units and class 1 redeemable warrants commenced separate public trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on June 16, 2022. 
 As of April 11
, 2023, there were of the registrant s Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and of the registrant s Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 None. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

1 

Item 1. 
 
 Business. 

2 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors. 

11 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 

13 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties. 

13 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings. 

13 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 

13 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

13 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 

14 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

15 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

20 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

20 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

20 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures. 

20 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information. 

21 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

21 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

21 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation. 

25 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 

26 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

28 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

29 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

30 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary. 

30 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This report, including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete an initial business combination; 

our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 
 1 

Table of Contents 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the ongoing military action with the country of Ukraine commenced by the Russian Federation and Belarus in February 2022, adverse changes in general economic industry and competitive conditions, or adverse changes in government regulation or prevailing market interest rates; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance following our initial public offering. The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. PART I References in this report to we, our, us or the Company refer to Aimfinity Investment Corp. I. References to our management or our management team refer to our current officers and directors, and references to the sponsor refer to Aimfinity Investment LLC. References to founder shares are to shares of our Class B ordinary shares initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering, and the shares of our Class A ordinary shares issued upon the conversion thereof as provided herein, and references to initial shareholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering and any transferees of such founder shares. Item 1. Business. General We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this report as our initial business combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities, we are a shell company as defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. On April 28, 2022, we consummated our initial public offering (the IPO of 8,050,000 units, which included 1,050,000 units issued pursuant to the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option (the Units ), each Unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par 
 2 

Table of Contents 

value 0.0001 per share (the public shares ), one Class 1 redeemable warrant (the Class 1 Warrant and one-half of one Class 2 redeemable warrant (the Class 2 Warrant of the Company (each, a Public Warrant ), each whole Public Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share for 11.50 per share. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, and the IPO generated gross proceeds of 80,500,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated a private placement (the Private Placement with our sponsor, of an aggregate of 492,000 units (the Private Placement Units (including 42,000 Private Placement Units purchased pursuant to the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option) at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 4,920,000. Each Private Placement Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share (the Private Placement Shares ), one Class 1 Warrant, and one-half of one Class 2 Warrant. The terms and provisions of the warrants in the Private Placement Units (together, the Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that, subject to certain limited exceptions, they are subject to transfer restrictions until 30 days following the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. On April 28, 2022, a total of 82,110,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement was deposited in a trust account (the Trust Account established for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders at a U.S. based trust account, with U.S. Bank, National Association, acting as trustee. The Class 1 Warrant and Class 2 Warrants have similar terms, except that the Class 1 Warrants separated and began separate trading on June 16, 2022 (the 52nd day following the effective date of the IPO). Holders have the option to continue to hold the Units or separate the Class 1 Warrants from the Units. Separation of the Class 1 Warrants from the Units will result in new units consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one Class 2 Warrant (the New Units ). Holders will need to have their brokers contact the Company s transfer agent in order to separate the Units into Class 1 Warrants and New Units consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one Class 2 Warrant. Additionally, the Units and the New Units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of the initial business combination. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its tax obligations (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), the funds held in the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Company s initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any of the Company s public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (a) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to provide for the redemption of the Company s public shares in connection with any proposed initial business combination or to redeem 100 of the Company s public shares if it does not complete its initial business combination by July 28, 2023, or by January 28, 2024 if the period of time to consummate a business combination is extended (such period, the Completion Window (such shareholder vote, a Shareholder Extension Vote or (b) with respect to any other material provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) the redemption of the Company s public shares if it is unable to complete its initial business combination within the Completion Window, subject to applicable law. We are focused on identifying unique business concepts with high-performing organizations that have both aspirations to accelerate growth and create enduring value within the technology, hospitality or consumer services sector. While we will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region in our identification and acquisition of a target company, we intend to focus on technology, consumer and hospitality and will not complete our initial business combination with a target that is headquartered in China (including Hong Kong and Macau) or conducts a majority of its business in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). Founder Share and Private Placement Unit Distribution and Repurchase On March 17, 2023, the sponsor initiated a distribution of 280,000 founder shares and 492,000 Private Placement Units of the Company held by the sponsor to Imperii Strategies LLC, Aimfinity Investment Co., and Yuming Investments LLC, all existing members of the sponsor at that time, and entered into a repurchase agreement with Xin Wang, Joshua Gordon, James J. Long and Nicholas Torres III, then directors and officers of the Company, to transfer 10,000 founder shares each to the sponsor, as a result of which, the sponsor directly held 1,692,500 founder shares as of March 17, 2023. The sale and repurchase of the founder shares and the distributions were made pursuant to an exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Management Change We were incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on July 26, 2021. On the same date, Jing Cao and Qiang Wang were appointed as directors of the Company. On November 26, 2021, Jing Cao was also appointed as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. On April 25, 2022, the registration statement of the Company s IPO was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). On the same date, Joshua Gordon, James J. Long and Xin Wang became directors of the Company. Nicholas Torres III was appointed as the Chief Financial Officer of the company on the same date. On March 17, 2023, all of our directors and officers resigned from their respective positions. There was no known disagreement with any of the Company s outgoing directors on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. Concurrently with the resignations, the Company, by ordinary resolution of the holders of the Class B ordinary shares of the Company, or the founder shares , appointed I-Fa Chang as sole director of the board of directors (the Board ). On the same day, I-Fa Chang, exercising his authority as the sole director of the Board, appointed four new members to the Board to fill such vacancies, consisting of Kevin Vassily as a Class I director, Hanzhong (Han) Li and Teng-Wei Chen as Class II directors, and Xuedong (Tony) Tian as a Class III director, effective immediately. The Board then appointed Mr. Chang as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Mr. Tian as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, effectively immediately. The Board further designated Mr. Chang as a Class III director. All of our current officers and directors are U.S. citizens except that certain members of our management are Taiwan citizens. We do not believe that our officers, directors, sponsor and members of our sponsor have significant ties to China, except that our CFO, Mr. Tian, and our director, Dr. Li, lived in China more than twenty years ago. However, both Mr. Tian and Dr. Li are U.S. citizens and have spent their professional career in the United States (with the exception that Dr. Li worked as the CFO of a pharmaceutical company in China from 2017 to 2018). As we disclose in our Prospectus that we will not complete our initial business combination with a target that is headquartered in China (including Hong Kong and Macau) or conducts a majority of its business in China (including Hong Kong and Macau), we do not believe the historical path of one officer and one director will result in a material change in our search for a target company and the value of the securities that we are registering for sale. However, we cannot predict the perception from potential target companies or the market, it is uncertain whether that would make us a less attractive partner to a non-China-based target company and such perception may potentially limit or negatively impact our search for an initial business combination. See Item 1A - Risk Factors - We do not have significant tie to China except that our CFO and one director, both of which are U.S. citizens, lived in China more than 20 years ago. It is uncertain whether that would make us a less attractive partner to a non-China -based target company and such perception may potentially limit or negatively impact our search for an initial business combination . in this Report. Business Strategy and Competitive Strengths Our business strategy is to identify and complete our initial business combination with a company within the technology, hospitality or consumer services sector. Our selection process will leverage our team s broad and deep relationship network, unique industry experiences and strong deal sourcing capabilities to access a broad spectrum of differentiated opportunities. This network has been developed through our team s extensive experience and demonstrated success in both investing in and operating businesses in our target sectors and across a variety of industries. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Our team will communicate with their networks of relationships to articulate the parameters for our search for a target company and a potential business combination and begin the process of pursuing and reviewing potential opportunities. We believe that our management team is well positioned to identify attractive business combination opportunities with a compelling industry backdrop and an opportunity for transformational growth. Our team s objectives are to generate attractive returns for shareholders and enhance value through improving operational performance of the acquired company. We expect to favor opportunities with certain industry and business characteristics. Key industry characteristics include compelling long-term growth, attractive competitive dynamics, consolidation opportunities and low risk of technological obsolescence. Key business characteristics include high barriers to entry, significant streams of recurring revenue, opportunity for operational improvement, attractive steady-state margins, high incremental margins and attractive free cash flow characteristics. Business Combination Criteria Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, which are not meant to be exhaustive. However, we intend to seek to acquire businesses that we believe: 

are fundamentally sound but are underperforming their potential; 

exhibit unrecognized value or other characteristics that we believe have been misevaluated by the marketplace; 

are at an inflection point where we believe we can drive improved financial performance; 

offer opportunities to enhance financial performance through organic initiatives and/or inorganic growth opportunities that we identify in our analysis and due diligence; 

can benefit from our management and directors knowledge of the target sectors, proven collection of operational strategies and tools, and past experiences in profitability and rapidly scaling businesses; 

are valued attractively relative to their existing cash flows and potential for operational improvement; and 

offer an attractive potential return for our shareholders, weighing potential growth opportunities and operational improvements in the target business against any identified downside risks. These criteria and guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. However, we will not complete our initial business combination with a target that is headquartered in China (including Hong Kong and Macau) or conducts a majority of its business in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria and guidelines in our shareholder communications related to our initial business combination, which would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that we would file with the SEC. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Initial Business Combination Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations with a total aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriters fees and taxes payable on the interest income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of our signing of a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. We refer to this as the 80 of net assets test. If our board of directors determines that it is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or appraisal firm, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. In addition, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. We will have until July 28, 2023, 15 months after the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months as described below), to consummate an initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 15 months, we will, by resolution of our board if requested by our sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by up to six times, each time by an additional one months (up to January 28, 2024 to complete a business combination), subject to the sponsor depositing additional funds into the Trust Account as set out below. In connection with any such extension, public shareholders will not be offered the opportunity to vote on or redeem their shares. Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination for an additional three months, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees must deposit into the Trust Account 268,330.65 0.033333 per public share) on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each one-month extension (up to an aggregate of 1,610,000, or 0.20 per public share, if we extend the period in full). We will issue a press release announcing each extension at least three days prior to the deadline. In addition, we will issue a press release the day after the deadline, announcing whether the funds have been timely deposited. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are obligated to fund the Trust Account in order to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination, but our sponsor will not be obligated to extend such time. In addition to the foregoing arrangements, we may extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If our initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. If our securities are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of net asset test. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

We may, at our option, pursue a business combination opportunity jointly with one or more entities affiliated with US Tiger Securities, Inc., a New Jersey corporation, a representative of the underwriters in the IPO US Tiger ). US Tiger and/or one or more investors in funds or separate accounts managed by or affiliated with US Tiger, which we refer to as an Affiliated Joint Transaction. Any such parties would co-invest only if (i) permitted by applicable regulatory and other legal limitations; (ii) we and US Tiger considered a transaction to be mutually beneficial to us as well as the affiliated entity; and (iii) other business reasons exist to do so, such as the strategic merits of including such co-investors, the need for additional capital beyond the amount held in our Trust Account to fund the initial business combination and/or the desire to obtain committed capital for closing the initial business combination. An Affiliated Joint Transaction may be effected through a co-investment with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the initial business combination by issuing to such parties a class of equity or equity-linked securities. We refer to this potential future issuance, or a similar issuance to other specified purchasers, as a specified future issuance throughout. The amount and other terms and conditions of any such specified future issuance would be determined at the time thereof. We are not obligated to make any specified future issuance and may determine not to do so. This is not an offer for any specified future issuance. Pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of our Class B ordinary shares, any such specified future issuance would result in an adjustment to the conversion ratio such that our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees, if any, would retain their aggregate percentage ownership of founder shares at 20 of the sum of the total number of all ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the IPO plus all shares issued in the specified future issuance, unless the holders of a majority of the then-issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares agreed to waive such adjustment with respect to the specified future issuance at the time thereof. We cannot determine at this time whether a majority of the holders of our Class B ordinary shares at the time of any such specified future issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio. They may waive such adjustment due to (but not limited to) the following: (i) closing conditions which are part of the agreement for our initial business combination; (ii) negotiation with Class A shareholders on structuring an initial business combination; (iii) negotiation with parties providing financing which would trigger the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B ordinary shares; or (iv) as part of the Affiliated Joint Transaction. If such adjustment is not waived, the specified future issuance would not reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class B ordinary shares, but would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. If such adjustment is waived, the specified future issuance would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of both classes of our ordinary shares. To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Acquisition Process In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. We will also utilize our management team s expertise in analyzing and evaluating operating plans, financial projections and determining the appropriate return expectations given the risk profile of the target business as well as the suitability of the target to become a public company. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Members of our management team and board of directors may, directly or indirectly, own founder shares and/or Private Placement Units and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. In particular, because the founder shares were purchased at approximately 0.012 per share, the holders of our founder shares (including our management team that directly or indirectly own founder shares) could make a substantial profit after our initial business combination even if our public shareholders lose money on their investment as a result of a decrease in the post-combination value of their ordinary shares (after accounting for any adjustments in connection with an exchange or other transaction contemplated by the business combination). Further, such officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. We may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Transaction opportunity with an entity to which US Tiger, investment funds advised by US Tiger or an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the initial business combination by making a specified future issuance to any such entity. In addition, our CFO is also the Managing Director and Head of Capital Markets of US Tiger. As a result, US Tiger, as a representative to the underwriters of the IPO and a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, is an affiliate of us. We may utilize Mr. Tian s affiliation with US Tiger during our search for suitable targets, if that occurs, we may engage US Tiger to act as our advisor in connection with the marketing of our business combination and pay to US Tiger a fee for such services upon consummation of our initial business combination. US Tiger is also affiliated or associated with Tradeup Inc., a founder of TradeUP Acquisition Corp. TradeUP Acquisition ), a SPAC listed on Nasdaq that has entered into a definitive business combination agreement with a biotech company. If we engage US Tiger to assist with marketing of our business combination, we may compete with TradeUP Acquisition for business opportunities, to the extent that TradeUP Acquisition s business combination is not consummated, and certain members of management who presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary, contractual or other obligations to US Tiger, TradeUP Acquisition or to clients of US Tiger, or other affiliates of our sponsor pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Additionally, certain of our officers and directors have fiduciary and contractual duties to other SPACs listed or to be listed on Nasdaq including Denali Capital Acquisition Corp., Inkstone Feibo Acquisition Corporation, Feutune Light Acquisition Corp. and Fortune Joy International Acquisition Corporation. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary, contractual or other obligations, including TradeUP Acquisition, Denali Capital Acquisition Corp., Inkstone Feibo Acquisition Corporation, Feutune Light Acquisition Corporation or Fortune Joy International Acquisition Corporation, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary, contractual or other obligations to present such opportunity to such entity and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us (including as described above). These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. However, we do not believe that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Redemption Rights for Public Shareholder upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, if any, divided by the number of then-issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be 10.20 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a public shareholder has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination does not close. Our initial shareholders have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by July 28, 2023 (or by January 28, 2024, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, or as may be extended by a Shareholder Extension Vote, as applicable) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement 
 7 

Table of Contents 

or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq rules. If we held a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. Submission of Our Initial Business Combination to a Stockholder Vote In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, assuming our initial shareholders continue to own the shares they currently own, we would not need any additional shares to be voted in favor of a transaction, in order to have such initial business combination approved. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In addition, our initial shareholders have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by July 28, 2023 (or by January 28, 2024, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, or as may be extended by a Shareholder Extension Vote, as applicable) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if We Seek Stockholder Approval If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO, which we refer to as Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on 
 8 

Table of Contents 

other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the IPO without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if No Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we will have by July 28, 2023 (or by January 28, 2024, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, or as may be extended by a Shareholder Extension Vote, as applicable) to consummate an initial business combination. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such prescribed time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within the prescribed time period. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. Corporate Information Our executive offices are located at 221 W 9 th St, PMB 235, Wilmington, Delaware 19801 since March 2023, and our telephone number is 425-365-2933. We are required to file Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and are required to disclose certain material events in Current Reports on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s Internet website is located at http://www.sec.gov. In addition, the Company will provide copies of these documents without charge upon request from us at by telephone at 425-365-2933. Status as a Public Company We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to a traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our Class A ordinary shares (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than a typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriter s ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a special purpose acquisition company, including our lack of an operating history and our potential need to seek shareholder approval of a proposed initial business combination, negatively. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act and as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we have encountered, and expect to continue to encounter, intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups, leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and potential future dilutions that our outstanding warrants represent, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Facilities We currently maintain our executive offices at 221 W 9 th St, PMB 235, Wilmington, Delaware 19801 since March 2023. Previously, we maintained our executive offices at 1 Rockefeller Plaza, 11th Floor, New York, New York 10022 between our inception and March 2023. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Employees We currently have two executive officers, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, I-Fa (Ivan) Chang, our Chief Financial Officer and Director, Xuedong (Tony) Xu. The two individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on the status of the proposed Transactions and, if the proposed Transactions are not consummated, whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Item 1A. Risk Factors. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on us and our operations: 

We are a recently incorporated blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of the business combination. 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

The ability of our shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

The ability of our shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may only receive 10.20 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Units not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate until July 28, 2023 (or by January 28, 2024, as applicable), it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or Public Warrants. 

If a public shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our shareholders will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders. 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

The current economic downturn may lead to increased difficulty in completing our business combination. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Recent volatility in capital markets may affect our ability to obtain financing for our business combination through sales of our ordinary shares or issuance of indebtedness. 

Military conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere may lead to increased and price volatility for public traded securities, which could make it difficult for us to consummate the business combination. For the complete list of risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 263874) filed in connection with our IPO and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, as filed with SEC on June 9, 2022, August 12, 2022, and November 14, 2022, respectively. In addition to any risk factors disclosed in our Prospectus, we believe the risks described below outline additional items of most concern to us: We do not have significant tie to China except that our CFO, Mr. Tian, and one of our directors, Dr. Li, are U.S. citizens who had lived in China in the past, it is uncertain whether that would make us a less attractive partner to a non-China -based target company and such perception may potentially limit or negatively impact our search for an initial business combination. All of our officers and directors/director nominees are U.S. citizens except that certain members of our management are Taiwan citizens. We believe that none of our officers, directors/director nominees, sponsor and member of our sponsor have significant ties to China. We do not believe that our officers, directors/director nominees, sponsor and members of our sponsor have significant ties to China, except that both our CFO, Mr. Tian, and our director, Dr. Li, lived in China more than twenty years ago. However, both Mr. Tian and Dr. Li are U.S. citizens and have spent their professional career in the United States (with the exception that Dr. Li worked as the CFO of a pharmaceutical company in China from 2017 to 2018). As provided in our Prospectus. we will not undertake an initial business combination with any company being based in or having the majority of the company s operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). We do not believe the historical path of one officer and one director will result in a material change in our search for a target company and the value of the securities that we are registering for sale. However, we cannot predict the perception from potential target companies or the market, it is uncertain whether that would make us a less attractive partner to a non-China-based target company and such perception may potentially limit or negatively impact our search for an initial business combination. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. Properties. We do not own or lease any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. We currently maintain our executive offices at 221 W 9th St, PMB 235, Wilmington, Delaware 19801 since March 2023. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. To the knowledge of our management, there is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information Our units, new units, Class A ordinary shares, warrants are each traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbols AIMAU, AIMBU, AIMA, AIMAW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on April 26, 2022, and our new units and class 1 warrants commenced separate public trading on June 16, 2022. Holders On December 31, 2022, there were 2 holders of record of our units, 1 holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, 1 holder of record of our warrants, and 6 holders of record of our founder shares. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities In December 2021, we issued an aggregate of 2,875,000 founder shares to our sponsor in exchange for a payment of 25,000 from our sponsor to cover for certain expenses on behalf of us, or approximately 0.009 per share. On March 18, 2022, our sponsor surrendered to the Company for cancellation 862,500 Class B ordinary shares for no consideration, resulting in our initial shareholders holding an aggregate of 2,012,500 Class B ordinary shares, or approximately 0.012 per share. On March 29, 2022, the sponsor transferred 20,000 founder shares to Nicholas Torres III, then Chief Financial Officer of the Company, and 60,000 founder shares to Xin Wang, Joshua Gordon and James J. Long, then independent directors of the Board. On March 17, 2023, the sponsor initiated a distribution of 280,000 founder shares held under its record to Imperii Strategies, LLC, Aimfinity Co. Ltd., and Yuming Investments LLC, its then existing members, all of which are permitted transferees of the founder shares. On the same date, it entered into a repurchase agreement with Nicholas Torres III, Xin Wang, Joshua Gordon and James J. Long, each of which agreed to sell 10,000 founder shares back to the sponsor. The sale and repurchase of the founder shares were made pursuant to an exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. As described above under the heading Business General in Part I of this report, on April 28, 2022, we consummated the Private Placement, with our sponsor and the underwriters, of an aggregate of 492,000 Private Placement Units (including over-allotment of 42,000 units) at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, to the sponsor, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 4,920,000. On March 17, 2023, the sponsor initiated a distribution of all 492,000 Private Placement Units of the Company held by the sponsor to Imperii Strategies, LLC, Aimfinity Co. Ltd., and Yuming Investments LLC, its then existing members, all of which are permitted transferees of the Private Placement Units. The private placement warrants in the Private Placement Units are substantially similar to the Public Warrants, except that if held by the sponsor or its permitted transferees, they may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis and subject to certain limited exceptions, will be subject to transfer restrictions until 30 days following the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company under all redemption scenarios and exercisable by holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. The Private Placement Warrants have been issued pursuant to, and are governed by the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement. The issuances of the Private Placement Warrants were made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The sale of the Private Placement Warrants was made pursuant to an exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering On April 28, 2022, we consummated our IPO of 8,050,000 Units, which included 1,050,000 Units issued pursuant to the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, and the IPO generated gross proceeds of 80,500,000. US Tiger Securities, Inc. and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC acted as the underwriters of the IPO. The securities sold in the IPO were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-263874). The SEC declared the registration statement effective on April 25, 2022. On April 28, 2022, a total of 82,110,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Units was deposited in the Trust Account. The net proceeds deposited into the Trust Account remain on deposit in the Trust Account and are invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund and meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a business combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders, Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. Item 6. [Reserved] 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. References to the Company, our, us, Aimfinity, or we refer to Aimfinity Investment Corp. I. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated on July 26, 2021 (inception) as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (the Business Combination ). We have not selected any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. We intend to effectuate our initial Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of our IPO and the sale of our shares, debt or a combination of cash, equity and debt. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. Recent Development On March 17, 2023, Aimfinity Investment LLC (the Sponsor initiated a distribution of 280,000 founder shares and 492,000 private placement units of the Company held by the sponsor to Imperii Strategies LLC, Aimfinity Co. Ltd., and Yuming Investments LLC, all existing members of the sponsor at that time, and entered into a repurchase agreement with Xin Wang, Joshua Gordon, James J. Long and Nicholas Torres III, then directors and officers of the Company, to transfer 10,000 founder shares each to the sponsor, as a result of which, the sponsor directly held 1,692,500 founder shares as of March 17, 2023. On the same date, Mr. I-Fa Chang entered into a Membership Interest Purchase and Transfer Agreement (the Membership Purchase Agreement with Aimfinity Investment LLC (the Sponsor ), Imperii Strategies LLC, Aimfinity Co. LTD and Yuming Investments LLC (each a Seller, and collectively, the Sellers ). Pursuant to the Membership Purchase Agreement, Mr. I-Fa Chang purchased all outstanding membership interests of the Sponsor from the Sellers, and became sole manager and member of the Sponsor, in exchange for the consideration of 1,000,000. Upon the purchased of membership interest, Mr. I-Fa Chang, as the sole member and manager of the sponsor, is deemed the beneficial owner of 1,692,500 founder shares. All founder shares and private placement units remain subject to the terms of the Letter Agreement dated April 25, 2022 and applicable lockup restrictions (as described in the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 263874), under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, relating to the initial public offering of the Company). In connection with the purchase of membership interest, on March 17, 2023, all of our then directors and officers resigned from their respective positions. There was no known disagreement with any of the Company s outgoing directors on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. Concurrently with the resignations, the Company, by ordinary resolution of the holders of the Class B ordinary shares of the Company, or the founder shares , appointed I-Fa Chang as sole director of the board of directors (the Board ). On the same day, I-Fa Chang, exercising his authority as the sole director of the Board, appointed four new members to the Board to fill such vacancies, consisting of Kevin Vassily as a Class I director, Hanzhong (Han) Li and Teng-Wei Chen as Class II directors, and Xuedong (Tony) Tian as a Class III director, effective immediately. The Board then appointed Mr. Chang as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Mr. Tian as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, effectively immediately. The Board further designated Mr. Chang as a Class III director. None of our officers or directors will receive any cash compensation for services rendered to us and the Company has entered into an Indemnity Agreement with each of our current directors and officers on March 17, 2023. Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from July 26, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the IPO, described below, and, after the IPO, identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination. We may generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with completing a Business Combination. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 352,037. For the period from July 26, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 2,704. Liquidity and Capital Resources Until the consummation of the IPO, our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of ordinary shares by the Sponsor and loans from our Sponsor. On April 28, 2022, we consummated the IPO of 8,050,000 units Public Units ), inclusive of 1,050,000 Public Units sold to the underwriters upon the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option. Each Public Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, 0.0001 par value per share (such shares included in the Public Units, the Public Shares ), one Class 1 redeemable warrant (the Class 1 Warrant and one-half of one Class 2 redeemable warrant (the Class 2 Warrant , together with the Class 1 Warrant, the Public Warrants ), each whole Public Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Public Share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. The Public Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of 80,500,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the sale of 492,000 Private Placement Units to the Sponsor at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of 4,920,000. Following the closing of the IPO and sale of the Private Placement Units on April 28, 2022, a total of 82,110,000 was placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by U.S. Bank, National Association, acting as trustee (the Trust Account ), and we had 1,495,650 of cash held outside of the Trust Account, after payment of costs related to the IPO, and available for working capital purposes. In connection with the IPO, we incurred 5,117,607 in transaction costs, consisting of 1,610,000 of underwriting fees, 2,817,500 of deferred underwriting fees and 690,107 of other offering costs. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022, 82,735,662 held in the Trust Account were held in money market funds, which are invested in U.S. Treasury Securities. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account, excluding deferred underwriting commissions, to complete our Business Combination. We may withdraw interest from the Trust Account to pay taxes, if any. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete a Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account to primarily identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If the Company completes the initial Business Combination, it would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units of the post-business combination entity, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash of 710,573 and working capital of 41,420. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. Accordingly, the accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP, which contemplates continuation of the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. Management plans to address this uncertainty during the period leading up to the initial Business Combination. Based on the foregoing, management believes the Company will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its needs through the earlier of the consummation of a business combination or one year from the date of this filing. Over this time period, the Company will be using these funds for paying existing accounts payable, identifying, and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target business, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon completion of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. Other Contractual Obligations Registration Rights The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Units and Private Warrants, including any of those issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any Private Placement Units issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement signed on April 25, 2022. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed after the completion of our initial Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The Company will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement We granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of the IPO to purchase up to 1,050,000 additional Public Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full on April 27, 2022. The underwriters received a cash underwriting discount of 0.20 per Public Unit, or 1,610,000 in the aggregate and paid at the closing of the IPO. In addition, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per Public Unit, or approximately 2,817,500 in the aggregate upon the consummation of a business combination. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates. In preparing these financial statements in conformity with US GAAP, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported expenses during the reporting period.\ Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, actual results may differ from these estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies and estimates 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Emerging Growth Company Status We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies, but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Investments held in Trust Account As of December 31, 2022, the assets held in the Trust Account were held in money market funds, which are invested in U.S. Treasury securities. The Company classifies its U.S. Treasury and equivalent securities as held-to-maturity in accordance with ASC Topic 320 Investments Debt and Equity Securities. Held-to-maturity securities are those securities which the Company has the ability and intent to hold until maturity. Held-to-maturity treasury securities are recorded at amortized cost on the accompanying balance sheet and adjusted for the amortization or accretion of premiums or discounts. Warrants The Company accounts for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, whether they meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s own Ordinary Shares and whether the warrant holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Company s control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. For issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of equity at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as liabilities at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption The Company accounts for its ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholder equity. The Company s public shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at a redemption value of 10.28 per share as temporary equity, outside of the shareholder equity section of the Company s balance sheet. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital or accumulated deficit if additional paid in capital equals to zero. Deferred Offering Costs The Company complies with the requirements of FASB ASC Topic 340-10-S99-1, Other Assets and Deferred Costs SEC Materials ASC 340-10-S99 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A, Expenses of Offering . Deferred offering costs consist of underwriting, legal, accounting and other expenses (including underwriting discounts and commissions) incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the IPO and was charged to shareholder s equity upon the completion of the IPO on April 28, 2022. Net Loss Per Ordinary Share Net loss per ordinary share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of Class B ordinary shares outstanding during the period, excluding ordinary shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor. Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 262,500 Class B ordinary shares that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters (see Notes 5 and 7). At December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the period presented. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 460,573, was over the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) limit. Fair Value of Financial Instruments ASC Topic 820 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures defines fair value, the methods used to measure fair value and the expanded disclosures about fair value measurements. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between the buyer and the seller at the measurement date. In determining fair value, the valuation techniques consistent with the market approach, income approach and cost approach shall be used to measure fair value. ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy for inputs, which represent the assumptions used by the buyer and seller in pricing the asset or liability. These inputs are further defined as observable and unobservable inputs. Observable inputs are those that buyer and seller would use in pricing the asset or liability based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs reflect the Company s assumptions about the inputs that the buyer and seller would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. The fair value hierarchy is categorized into three levels based on the inputs as follows: 

Level 1 - Valuations based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. Valuation adjustments and block discounts are not being applied. Since valuations are based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in an active market, valuation of these securities does not entail a significant degree of judgment. 

Level 2 - Valuations based on (i) quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities, (ii) quoted prices in markets that are not active for identical or similar assets, (iii) inputs other than quoted prices for the assets or liabilities, or (iv) inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by market through correlation or other means. 

Level 3 - Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. The fair value of the Company s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature. Income Taxes The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740 Income Taxes ASC 740 ). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized. ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim period, disclosure and transition. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of September 30, 2022. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company determined that the Cayman Islands is the Company s only major tax jurisdiction. The Company may be subject to potential examination by federal and state taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal and state tax laws. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk The net proceeds of our IPO and the Private Placement held in the Trust Account are invested in U.S. government securities with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Reference is made to Pages F-1 through F-19 comprising a portion of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

As required by Rules 13a-15f and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. The Company failed to maintain effective controls over period-end reconciliation of account level balances that resulted errors in accrued expenses and operating expenses. The Company concluded it should reconcile the balance with vendor during the year end. As a result, management identified the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting related to the accounting for accrued expense. To remediate these material weaknesses, we developed a remediation plan with assistance from our accounting advisors and have dedicated significant resources and efforts to the remediation and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements, we plan to enhance our system of evaluating and implementing the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements. Our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting This Report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by the rules of the SEC for newly public companies. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting During the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. Not applicable. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Directors and Executive Officers Our directors and executive officers are as follows: 

N ame 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

I-Fa Chang 
 
 51 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 Xuedong (Tony) Tian 
 
 51 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Hanzhong (Han) Li 
 
 54 
 
 Director 
 
 Teng-Wei Chen 
 
 41 
 
 Director 
 
 Kevin Vassily 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 Mr. I-Fa Chang has served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since March 2023. Mr. Chang has more two decades of investment management and advisory experience. Since April 2022, Mr. Chang has served as Chairman and CEO of Inkstone Feibo Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware incorporated special purpose acquisition corporation Inkstone SPAC seeking Nasdaq listing. In 2012, Mr. Chang founded Inkstone Capital Co., Ltd., a technology-focused investment advisory firm Inkstone Capital serving clients in Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan, and has served as its chief executive officer ever since. He has also served as an independent director of Sichuan Tianfu Bank, a regional bank based in Southeast China since 2015. Between October 2017 and June 2018, Mr. Chang served as a director and finance control officer for Finconn Inc., a subsidiary of the Taiwanese electronic manufacturing conglomerate, Foxconn. Before founding Inkstone Capital, Mr. Chang had extensive experience in financial and investment management across different sectors. Between June 2006 to December 2008, Mr. Chang served as a financial consultant for Chengdu Jiannanchun Shengbo Technology Co., Ltd., an IT solution company. He also served as a managing director for ARC China Investment Corporation, an investment management company from April 2007 to July 2011, and as a managing director for Xiamen Dazhou-ARC Investment Management Co., Ltd., a joint venture between ARC China and Dazhou Holding Group, a multi-industry conglomerate based in Xiamen, Fujian Province, PRC, from August 2011 to October 2012. Mr. Chang received his MBA in Finance from National Pingtung Science and Technology University in Taiwan, and his B.A. in Management Information System from California State University, San Bernardino. Mr. Xuedong (Tony) Tian has served as our Chief Financial Officer and a member of our Board since March 2023. Mr. Tian has served as a managing director and head of capital markets at US Tiger Securities, Inc. since October 2020. He has also served as the CEO of Feutune Light Acquisition Corporation (Nasdaq: FLFV), a SPAC listed on Nasdaq, since March 2022, and a director since June 2022. He has also served as CFO and director of Inkstone SPAC. From May 2012 to October 2020, Mr. Tian was the founder and president of Weitian Group LLC, a corporate advisory and investor relations firm. Prior to that, Mr. Tian served as a sell-side equity analyst at various investment banks, including managing director covering China at Merriman Capital, Inc. from June 2013 to January 2016; executive director and lead analyst covering China Industrials and IT outsourcing at Oppenheimer Co. Inc. from May 2011 to May 2012; vice president and lead China analyst at Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc. from May 2010 to April 2011; senior associate covering Networking, Hardware IT Supply Chain at Ticonderoga Securities LLC from October 2009 to May 2010; and associate covering Semiconductor Semiconductor Capital Equipment at Pacific Crest Securities LLC (now part of KeyBanc) from April 2008 to September 2009. Mr. Tian holds an MBA degree from New York University, a M.A. degree in Economics from the University of Connecticut and M.S. and B.S. degrees in Land Resources and Management from China Agricultural University. Mr. Tian is a CFA charter holder and currently holds Series 7, 24, 63, and 79 licenses. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Dr. Hanzhong (Han) Li has served as a member of our Board since March 2023. Dr. Li has more than two decades of investment, operational and management experience in biotechnology industry. Since February 2019, Dr. Li has served as the senior vice president for Corporate Development at Eureka Therapeutics, a clinical stage biotechnology company developing antibody-TCR T-Cell therapies for oncology treatment based in California. In this role, Dr. Li is responsible for a variety of initiatives on finance, corporate and business development for the company. Before joining Eureka, Dr. Li spent two years as the chief financial officer at Ascentage Pharma Group. Between 2010 and 2017, Dr. Li served as deputy director in the strategy and portfolio management group at Bayer Pharmaceuticals (FWB: BAYN), a German pharmaceutical company. Earlier in his career, Dr. Li served as an equity research analyst at Morgan Stanley, Suntrust Robinson Humphrey and Stanford Financial Group in New York, covering biotech and biopharmaceutical companies for the period between 2002 and 2009. He also worked as a research scientist at Genentech, Inc., where he served as lead inventor of three patents on novel cytokines. Dr. Li received his Ph.D. in Pharmacology from the Boston University School of Medicine and MBA from the Anderson School of Business at UCLA. Dr. Li is a director nominee of Inkstone SPAC. Dr. Teng-Wei Chen has served as a member of our Board since March 2023. Dr. Chen is an active start-up and early-stage investor in Southern Taiwan. Dr. Chen has served as managing director at You-Ci Management Consulting Co., Ltd., an investment company based in Pingtung, Taiwan, since 2015. Since 2018, Dr. Chen has been a director of New-shine Biomedical Co., Ltd., a Taiwanese biotechnology company of which he was also an investor. In 2019, he founded iDentist Business Space Co., Ltd., a provider of coworking and shared conferencing space provider in Pingtung, Taiwan. In 2021, Dr. Chen founded You-Cheng Internet Information Co., Ltd., an IT solution company based in Pingtung, and has served as its Chairman and CEO since then. As a dentist by training, Dr. Chen has been the chief dentist and manager of Sunshine Dental Clinic, in Pingtung, Taiwan since September 2015. From August 2012 to March 2014, Dr. Chen was a visiting dental specialist at Tainan Hospital, Ministry of Health and Welfare, Taiwan. Dr. Chen finished his residency at National Cheng Kung University Hospital, Taiwan, in July 2012, where he was a resident dentist for six years. Dr. Chen received his D.D.S. in Dentistry from China Medical University, Taiwan, in 2006. Dr. Li is a director nominee of Inkstone SPAC. Mr. Kevin Vassily has served as a member of our Board since March 2023. Mr Vassily is a member of the board of directors of Denali Capital Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: DECA) since April 2022, and Feutune Light Acquisition Corp. (Nasaq: FLFV) since June 2022, two SPACs listed on Nasdaq. In January 2021, he was appointed Chief Financial Officer, and in March 2021, became a member of the board of directors of iPower Inc. (Nasdaq: IPW), an online hydroponic equipment retailer and supplier. Prior to joining iPower, from 2019 to January 2021, Mr. Vassily served as Vice President of Market Development for Facteus, Inc., a financial analytics company focused on the Asset Management industry. From March 2019 through Janurary 2020, he served as an advisor at Woodseer Global, a financial technology firm providing global dividend forecasts. From October 2018 through its acquisition in March 2020, Mr. Vassily served as an advisor at Go Capture (which was acquired by Deloitte China in 2020), where he was responsible for providing strategic, business development, and product development advisory services for the company s emerging Data as a Service platform. Since February 2020, Mr. Vassily has served as a director of Zhongchao Inc. (Nasdaq: ZCMD), a provider of healthcare information, education and training services to healthcare professionals and the public in China. Since July 2018, Mr. Vassily has also served as an advisor at Prometheus Fund, a Shanghai-based merchant bank/private equity firm focused on the green economy. From April 2015 through May 2018, Mr. Vassily served as an associate director of research at Keybanc Capital Markets Inc. From June 2010 to April 2015, he served as the director of research at Pacific Epoch, LLC (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pacific Crest Securities LLC). From May 2007 to May 2010, he served as the Asia Technology business development representative and as a senior analyst at Pacific Crest Securities. From July 2003 to September 2006, he served as senior research analyst in the semiconductor technology group at Susquehanna International Group, LLP. From September 2001 to June 2003, Mr. Vassily served as the vice president and senior research analyst for semiconductor capital equipment at Thomas Weisel Partners Group, Inc. Mr. Vassily began his career on Wall Street in August 1998, as a research associate covering the semiconductor industry at Lehman Brothers. He holds a B.A. in liberal arts from Denison University and an M.B.A. from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College. Mr. Vassily is a director nominee of Tungray Technologies Inc., a Singapore-based manufacturing solution company seeking Nasdaq listing, and a director of Fortune Joy International Acquisition Corporation and of Inkstone SPAC. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors consists of five members. Holders of our founder shares will have the right to elect all of our directors prior to consummation of our initial business combination and holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended if approved by holders of at least 90 of our outstanding ordinary shares entitled to vote thereon. Each of our directors will hold office for a two-year term. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors of our board or by a majority of the holders of our ordinary shares (or, prior to our initial business combination, a majority of the holders of our founder shares). Pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement entered on April 25, 2022, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that our officers may consist of one or more chair of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has one standing committee: an audit committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Audit Committee We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Kevin Vassly, Hanzhong (Han) Li, and Teng-Wei Chen will serve as members of our audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that each member of our audit committee is independent under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Kevin Vassily serves as the Chair of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent within one year of the listing of our Class A ordinary shares. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Kevin Vassily qualifies as audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. The audit committee is responsible for: 

meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems; 

monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; 

monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis and, if any non-compliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such non-compliance or otherwise causing compliance; and 

reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Availability of Documents We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit committee charter as exhibits to the registration statement relating to our IPO. You will be able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Item 11. Executive Compensation. Executive Officer and Director Compensation None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the Trust Account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of March 23, 2023, based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; 

each of our executive officers and directors; and 

all of our executive officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the Private Placement Warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this report. 

Class B ordinary shares 

Class A ordinary shares 

Name of Beneficial Owners (1) 
 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 

Approximate Percentage of Class 

Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 

Approximate Percentage of Class 

Aimfinity Investment LLC (our sponsor) 

1,692,500 
 (1) 

84.10 

I-Fa Chang 

1,692,500 
 (1) 

84.10 

All officers and directors as a group (5 individuals) 

1,692,500 

84.10 

George Jing Cao 

280,000 

13.91 

492,000 
 (2) 

6.11 

Nicholas Torres III 

10,000 

James J. Long 

10,000 

Joshua Gordon 

10,000 

Xin Wang 

10,000 

Hudson Bay Capital Management LP 

700,000 
 (3) 

8.19 

Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. 

567,916 
 (4) 

6.65 

Kerry Propper 

500,000 
 (5) 

6.90 

AQR Capital Management, LLC 

493,000 
 (6) 

5.77 

Less than one percent. 

(1) 
 The shares reported above are held in the name of our sponsor. I-Fa Chang is the manager and sole member of our sponsor. As such, each of the sponsor and I-Fa Chang may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the ordinary shares held directly by our sponsor. I-Fa Chang disclaims any beneficial ownership of the ordinary shares held directly by our sponsor, and disclaims any beneficial ownership of such shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest each may have therein, directly or indirectly. 

(2) 
 492,000 Private Placement Units, each Private Placement Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, one Class 1 warrant and one-half of one warrant. 

(3) 
 This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed by Hudson Bay Capital Management LP and Sander Gerber (collectively, the Hudson Reporting Persons with the SEC on February 6, 2023. The Hudson Reporting Persons have a shared voting power of 700,000 shares and shared dispositive power of 700,000 shares. The business address of such holder is 28 Havemeyer Place, 2nd Floor, Greenwich, CT 06830 

(4) 
 This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed by Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. Polar with the SEC on February 10, 2023. Polar has sole voting power of 500,000 shares and sole dispositive power of 500,000 shares. The business address of such holder is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

(5) 
 This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed by Kerry Propper and Atonio Ruiz-Gimenez Propper Persons with the SEC on February 14, 2023. Propper Persons has sole voting power of 589,323 shares and sole dispositive power of 589,232 shares. The business address of such holder is 17 State Street, Suite 2100, New York, New York 10004. 

(6) 
 This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed by AQR Capital Management, LLC, AQR Capital Management Holdings, LLC and AQR Arbitrage, LLC (collectively, the AQR Persons with the SEC on February 14, 2023. The AQR Persons has a shared voting power of 493,000 shares and a shared dispositive power of 493,000 shares. As of March [ ], 2023, our initial shareholders beneficially owned approximately 20 of issued and outstanding ordinary shares and have the right to appoint all of our directors prior to our initial business combination. Holders of our public shares will not have the right to appoint any directors to our board of directors prior to our initial business combination. Because of this ownership block, our sponsor may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions including our initial business combination. Our sponsor has agreed (a) to vote any founder shares and public shares held by it in favor of any proposed business combination and (b) not to redeem any founder shares or public shares held by it in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. Our sponsor, our officers, our directors and US Tiger are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants The founder shares, Private Placement Units, Private Placement Shares, Private Placement Warrants and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the agreements entered into by our sponsor and our initial shareholders. Our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. The Private Placement Units and the securities within the units are not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. The foregoing restrictions are not applicable to transfers (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of our officers or directors, any members or partners of our sponsor or their affiliates, any affiliates of our sponsor, or any employees of such affiliates; (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of one of the individual s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individual s immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement or in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the founder shares, Private Placement Units or Class A ordinary shares, as applicable, were originally purchased; (f) by virtue of our sponsor s organizational documents upon liquidation or dissolution of our sponsor; (g) to the company for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination; (h) in the event of our liquidation prior to the completion of our initial business combination; or (i) in the event of our completion of a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property after our completion of our initial business combination; provided , however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (f) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreement. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. In December 2021, we issued an aggregate of 2,875,000 founder shares to our sponsor in exchange for a payment of 25,000 from our sponsor to cover for certain expenses on behalf of us, or approximately 0.009 per share. On March 18, 2022, our sponsor surrendered to the Company for cancellation 862,500 Class B ordinary shares for no consideration, resulting in our initial shareholders holding an aggregate of 2,012,500 Class B ordinary shares, or approximately 0.012 per share. The sponsor later transferred 20,000 founder shares to the Chief Financial Officer of the Company and 60,000 founder shares to certain members of our board of directors on March 29, 2022. Our sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 492,000 Private Placement Units (with each Private Placement Unit consisting of one Private Placement Share, one Class 1 Warrant and one-half of one Class 2 Warrant (together the Private Placement Warrant )) at the price of 10.00 per unit. Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. On March 16, 2023, the sponsor initiated a distribution of 280,000 founder shares and 492,000 private placement units of the Company held by the sponsor to its existing members. On the same date, it also entered into a repurchase agreement with Xin Wang, Joshua Gordon, James J. Long and Nicholas Torres III, then directors and officers of the Company, to transfer 10,000 founder shares each to the sponsor, as a result of which, the sponsor will directly hold 1,692,500 founder shares. If any of our sponsor, officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he, she or it has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he, she or it will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating, negotiating and completing an initial business combination. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. In addition, in order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required on a non-interest basis. If we complete our initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds held in the Trust Account released to us. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 10.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. Except as set forth above, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

We have entered into a registration and shareholder rights agreement with respect to the founder shares and Private Placement Warrants, which is described under the heading Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Other Contractual Obligations. Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions The audit committee of our board of directors has adopted a charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of related party transactions, which are those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the audit committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some or all of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction. Management will present to the audit committee each proposed related party transaction, including all relevant facts and circumstances relating thereto. Under the policy, we may consummate related party transactions only if our audit committee approves or ratifies the transaction in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the policy. The policy does not permit any director or executive officer to participate in the discussion of, or decision concerning, a related person transaction in which he or she is the related party. Director Independence We will be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. As a controlled company, we will not be required to comply with the Nasdaq rules that require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person who has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). Our board of directors has determined that each of Kevin Vassly, Hanzhong (Han) Li, and Teng-Wei Chen are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. We expect a majority of our board of directors to be comprised of independent directors within 15 months from the date of listing to comply with the majority independent board requirement in Rule 5605(b) of the Nasdaq listing rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP (formerly, Friedman LLP, prior to Friedman LLP combining with Marcum LLP effective September 1, 2022), for services rendered in 2022: 

Type of Fee 
 
 From July 26, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

Audit Fees 

30,000 

92,000 

Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

29 

Table of Contents 

Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our IPO. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). PART IV Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements 

(2) 
 Financial Statements Schedules All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements and notes herein. 

(3) 
 Exhibits We hereby file as part of this report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Copies of such material can be obtained on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. Not applicable. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 
 AIMFINITY INVESTMENT CORP. I 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 

F-2

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 

F-3

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021 and 2022 

F-4

Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from July 26, 2021 (inception) Through December 31, 2021 

F-5

Statements of Changes in Shareholders (Deficit) Equity for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from July 26, 2021 (inception) Through December 31, 2021 

F-6

Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from July 26, 2021 (inception) Through December 31, 2021 

F-7

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-8

F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Aimfinity Investment Corp. I 

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet

of Aimfinity Investment Corp. I (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders (deficit) equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum LLP

Marcum LLP

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 (such date takes into account the acquisition of certain assets of Friedman LLP by Marcum LLP effective September 1, 2022). 

April 17, 2023 

F-2 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 

Aimfinity Investment Corp. I 

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Aimfinity Investment Corp. I (the Company as of December 31, 2021 and the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders (deficit) equity and cash flows for the period from July 26, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from July 26, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/Friedman LLP 

Friedman LLP 

We served as the Company s auditor from 2021 through 2022. 

January 10, 2022 

F-3 

Table of Contents 

AIMFINITY INVESTMENT CORP. I 

BALANCE SHEETS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022

DECEMBER 31, 2021

Assets

Current assets:

Cash

Deferred offering costs

Prepaid expenses current portion

Total current assets

Prepaid expenses non-current
 portion

Cash held in Trust Account

Total Assets

Liabilities, Temporary Equity, and Shareholders (Deficit) Equity

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Payable related party

Promissory note related party

Total Current Liabilities

Deferred underwriters discount

Total Liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares at conversion value of per share

Shareholders (Deficit) Equity:

Preference shares, par value, shares authorized, n issued and outstanding

Class A ordinary shares, par value, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption)

Class B ordinary shares, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding

Additional paid-in
 capital

Accumulated deficit

() 

() 

Total Shareholders (Deficit) Equity

() 

Total Liabilities, Temporary Equity and Shareholders (Deficit) Equity

F- 4

Table of Contents 

AIMFINITY INVESTMENT CORP. I 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended

 December 31, 2022

For the Period From July 26, 2021

 (inception) through

 December 31, 2021

Formation and operating costs

Loss from Operations

() 

() 

Other income:

Interest earned on investment held in Trust Account

Net Loss

() 

() 

Basic and diluted weighted ordinary average shares outstanding, subject to possible redemption

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Basic and diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share attributable to Aimfinity Investment LLC

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 
 
 F- 5

Table of Contents 

AIMFINITY INVESTMENT CORP. I 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Preference shares

Ordinary Shares

Additional

Total

Class A

Class B

Paid-in

Accumulated

Shareholders 

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

Equity (Deficit)

Balance as of December 31, 2021

) 

Sale of public units through public offering

Sale of private placement shares

Underwriters discount

() 

() 
 
 Other offering expenses

() 

() 
 
 Reclassification of ordinary shares subject to redemption

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Allocation of offering costs to ordinary shares subject to redemption

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net Loss

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2022

() 

() 

For the Period From July 26, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021

Preference shares

Ordinary Shares

Additional

Total

Class A

Class B

Paid-in

Accumulated

Shareholders 

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

Equity (Deficit)

Balance as of July 26, 2021 (inception)

Founder shares issued to initial shareholders

Net Loss

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2021

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 
 
 F- 6

Table of Contents 

AIMFINITY INVESTMENT CORP. I 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

For the Period From July 26, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net loss

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:

Interest earned on investment held in Trust Account

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

() 

Accrued expense

Payable related party

Net cash used in operating activities

() 

() 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Purchase of investment held in trust account

() 

Net cash used in investing activities

() 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Proceeds from sale of Class B ordinary shares

Proceeds from sale of public units through public offering

Proceeds from sale of private placement shares

Payment of underwriters discount

() 

Payment of offering costs

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of promissory from founder

Repayment on promissory note to related party

() 

Net cash provided in financing activities

Net Change in Cash

Cash at beginning of period

Cash at end of period

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-cash
 Financing Activities

Deferred offering costs paid by promissory note-related party

Reclassification of ordinary shares subject to redemption

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 
 
 F- 7

Table of Contents 

Aimfinity Investment Corp. I 

 Notes To Financial Statements 

 . The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization, or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 
 The Company is an early stage emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage emerging growth companies. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. The Company s only activities from July 26, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the IPO, described below, and, after the IPO, identifying a target company for a Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating
 income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the IPO (as defined below). 
 The registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering IPO became effective on April 25, 2022. On April 28, 2022 the Company consummated the IPO of units (including units issued upon the full exercise of the over-allotment option, the Public Units ). Each unit consists of one share of the Company s Class A ordinary share and one Class 1 public warrant and one-half
 of one Class 2 public warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of the Company s Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, and only whole warrants are exercisable. The Units were sold at an offering price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of on April 28, 2022. 
 Substantially concurrently with the closing of the IPO, the Company completed the private sale of unites of Class A Ordinary Shares (the Private Placement Shares at a purchase price of per Private Placement Share, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . The Private Placement Shares are identical to the shares of Class A Ordinary Shares sold as part of the Units in the IPO, except that the holders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Placement Shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until days after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. 
 Transaction costs amounted to , consisting of of underwriting fees and of other offering costs. As of December 31, 2022, cash of were held outside of the Trust Account (as defined below) and is available for working capital purposes. 
 Following the closing of the IPO and the issuance and the sale of Private Placement Shares on April 28, 2022, per Public Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Public Units in the IPO and the sale of Private Placement Shares was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account maintained by U.S. Bank, National Association as a trustee. The funds in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a 7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to the Company to pay the franchise and income taxes, if any, the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and subject to the requirements of law and regulation, will provide that the proceeds from the IPO
 and the sale of the private placement units held in the trust account will not be released from the trust account (1) to the Company, until the completion of the initial business combination, or (2) to the Company s public shareholders, until the earliest of (a) the completion of the initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholders properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to provide holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the initial business combination or to redeem of the Company s public shares if the Company does not complete the initial business combination within months from the closing of th e IPO
 (or up to months from the closing of th e IPO
, if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a business combination, or as may be extended by the Shareholder Extension Period, as applicable) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares, and (c) the redemption of the Company s public shares if the Company has not consummated the business combination within 15 months from the closing of th e IPO
 (or up to 21 months from the closing of th e IPO
, if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a business combination, or as may be extended by the Shareholder Extension Period, as applicable), subject to applicable law. 

The Company s initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least of the assets held in the trust account (excluding deferred underwriting commissions and interest income earned on the trust account that is released for working capital purposes or to pay taxes) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. 
 The ordinary shares subject to redemption will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. The Company will have only 15 months from the closing of th e IPO
 (or up to 21 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination in full, as described in more detail in this prospectus), the Company will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to the Company to pay the franchise and income taxes that were paid by the Company or are payable by the Company, if any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 
 The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units being sold in th e IPO

, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that: (a) the founder Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into the Company s Class A ordinary shares at the time of the initial business combination, (b) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; (c) prior to the initial business combination, only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of the Company s founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason; (d) in a vote to continue the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (which requires the approval of at least two thirds of the votes of all ordinary shares voted at a general meeting), holders of the Company s founder shares have votes for every founder share and, as a result, the Company s initial shareholders will be able to approve any such proposal without the vote of any other shareholder; (e) the Company s initial shareholders have entered into agreements with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares (ii) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of the obligation to provide holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the initial business combination or to redeem 

of the Company s public shares if the Company does not complete the initial business combination within 
 months from the closing of th
 e IPO
 (or up to 
 months from the closing of th
 e IPO
 , if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus, or as may be extended by the Shareholder Extension Period, as applicable) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares; and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if the Company fail to consummate an initial business combination within 
 months from the closing of th
 e IPO
 (or up to 
 
 months from the closing of the IPO, if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a business combination, or as may be extended by the Shareholder Extension Period, as applicable), although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial business combination within the prescribed time frame; and (f) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. If the Company seek shareholder approval of the Company s initial business combination, the Company will complete the initial business combination only if the Company obtains the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. In such case, the Company s initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of the initial business combination.

The Founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the initial business combination at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an 
 as-converted
 basis, approximately 
 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the IPO, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement units issued to the Company s sponsor, its affiliates or any member of the management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one.

per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay the Company s tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under the indemnity of the underwriters of th e IPO
 against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. 
 Going Concern Consideration 

 The Company expects to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15,
 Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that if the Company is unsuccessful in consummating an initial Business Combination within the prescribed period of time from the closing of the IPO, the requirement that the Company cease all operations, redeem the public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve raises substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern. The balance sheet does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Management has determined that the Company has funds that are sufficient to fund the working capital needs of the Company until the consummation of an initial Business Combination or the winding up of the Company as stipulated in the Company s amended and restated memorandum of association. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared inconformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ), which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern. 

comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging
 growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

in cash as of December 31, 2022. The Company had cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

the warrants are required to be recorded as liabilities at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a 
 non-cash
 gain or loss on the statements of operations. (See Note 8).

per
 share as temporary equity, outside of the shareholder equity section of the Company s balance sheet. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable Ordinary Shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable Ordinary Shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital or accumulated deficit if additional paid in capital equals to zero. 

Class B ordinary shares that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters (see Notes 5 and 7). In order to determine the net income (loss) attributable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares, the Company first considered the undistributed income (loss) allocable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares and the undistributed income (loss) is calculated using the total net loss less dividends paid. The Company then allocated the undistributed income (loss) based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding between the redeemable and non-redeemable shares. 

Subsequent measurement adjustments recorded pursuant to ASC 480-10-S99-3A related to redeemable shares are treated in the same manner as dividends on non-redeemable shares. Class A ordinary shares are redeemable at a price determined by the Trust Account held by the Company. This redemption price is not considered a redemption at fair value. Accordingly, the adjustments to the carrying amount are reflected in the Earnings Per Share EPS using the two-class method. The Company has elected to apply the two-class method by treating the entire periodic adjustment to the carrying amount of the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption like a dividend. 

Based on the above, any remeasurement of redemption value of the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is considered to be dividends aid to the Public Shareholders. Warrants issued are contingently exercisable (i.e., on the later of 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination or 15 months from the closing of the IPO). For EPS purpose, the warrants are anti-dilutive since they would generally not be reflected in basic or diluted EPS until the contingency is resolved. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any other dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted income (loss) per ordinary share is the same as basic earnings per ordinary share for the period presented. 

() 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value

() 

Net loss including accretion of carrying value of redemption value

() 

() 

For the Year Ended

For the Year Ended

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Redeemable Common Stock

Non- Redeemable Common Stock

Redeemable Common Stock

Non- Redeemable Common Stock

Basic and diluted net loss per share:

Numerators:

Allocation of net loss including carrying value to redemption value

() 

() 

() 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value

Allocation of net income/(loss)

() 

() 

Denominators:

Weighted-average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income/ (loss) per share

was over the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) limit. 

Level 2 Valuations based on (i) quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities, (ii) quoted prices in markets that are not active for identical or similar assets, (iii) inputs other than quoted prices for the assets or liabilities, or (iv) inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by market through correlation or other means. 

Level 3 Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. 
 The fair value of the Company s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature.
 unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 
 The Company determined that the Cayman Islands is the Company s only major tax jurisdiction. 
 The Company may be subject to potential examination by federal and state taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal and state tax laws. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 
 The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 
 and , respectively, in money market funds which are invested in U.S. Treasury Securities. 

Public Units at per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Each Public Unit consists of one Public Share and one Class 1 Warrant and one-half
 of one Class 2 Warrant. The Company will not issue fractional shares. As a result, the warrants must be exercised in multiples of one whole warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase share of the Company s Public Share at a price of per share, and only whole warrants are exercisable. The warrants will become exercisable on the later of days after the completion of the initial Business Combination or months from the closing of the IPO, and will (except for Class 2Warrants embedded in the Public Shares that are redeemed prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, which Class 2 Warrants will expire upon redemption of such shares) expire after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. As a result, if the public shareholders redeem their Public Shares prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, the embedded Class 2 Warrants will expire. 
 The Class 1 and Class 2 warrants have similar terms, except that the Class 1 Warrants separated and began separately trading on the nd day following the effective date of the IPO. The New Units resulting from such separation (each such New Unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half
 of one Class 2 Warrant) will not separate into Class A ordinary shares and redeemable warrants until consummation of the initial Business Combination. 
 All of the 8,050,000 public shares sold as part of the Public Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or in connection with the Company s liquidation. In accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99,
 redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. 
 The Company s redeemable ordinary shares is subject to SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99.

 If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes immediately. The accretion or remeasurement is treated as a deemed dividend (i.e., a reduction to retained earnings, or in absence of retained earnings, additional paid-in
 capital). 

Less:

Proceeds allocated to Class 1 public warrants

() 
 
 Offering costs of public shares

() 
 
 Plus:

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value

Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption

Private Placement Units to the Company s sponsor, Aimfinity Investment LLC (the Sponsor ), at a purchase price of per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . 

The Sponsor will be permitted to transfer the Private Placement Units held by them to certain permitted transferees, including the Company s officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with or related to it or them, but the transferees receiving such securities will be subject to the same agreements with respect to such securities as the sponsor. Otherwise, these private units will not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferable or saleable until 

days after the completion of the Company s Business Combination. The warrants included in the Private Placement Units will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination (except as described herein). Otherwise, the warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the Units in the IPO, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period.

 Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of , or approximately per share. On March 18, 2022, the sponsor surrendered to the Company for cancellation Founder Shares for consideration, resulting in the Company s initial shareholders holding an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares, or approximately per share. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were Founder Shares issued and outstanding. 
 On March 29, 2022, the sponsor transferred founder shares to the Chief Financial Officer of the Company and founder shares to certain members of the board of directors. If the officer and director nominee do not become a officer or director of the Company at the time of the Company s initial public offering, is removed from office as director, or voluntarily resigns his position with the Company before a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company the Triggering Event ), all of such shares shall be returned to Sponsor. Further, considering that in case the business combination does not occur these awards will be forfeited, it was deemed that the above terms result in the vesting provision whereby the share awards would vest only upon the consummation of a business combination or change of control event. As a result, any compensation expense in relation to these grants will be recognized at the Triggering Event. As a result, the Company recorded compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The fair value of the Founder Shares on the grant date was approximately per share. The valuation performed by the Company determined the fair value of the shares on the date of grant by applying a discount based upon a) the probability of a successful IPO, b) the probability of a successful business combination, and c) the lack of marketability of the Founder Shares. The aggregate grant date fair value of the awards amounted to approximately . 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that a Business Combination is not considered probable, the therefore, no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. Total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested Founder Shares at December 31, 2022 amounted to approximately and is expected to be recognized upon the Triggering Event. 

The 

Founder Shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the initial Business Combination at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
 basis, approximately of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the IPO, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any private placement units issued to the Company s sponsor, its affiliates or any member of the management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of .

With certain limited exceptions, The Company s initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A)

after the completion of the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 
 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 
 trading days within any 
 -trading
 day period commencing at least 
 
 days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. The Company refers to such transfer restrictions throughout this prospectus as the 
 lock-up.
 Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Company s sponsor and directors and executive officers with respect to any founder shares.

 Promissory Note Related Party 

 On December 4, 2021, the Sponsor has agreed to loan the Company up to to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. This loan is non-interest
 bearing, unsecured and is due at the earlier of (1) June 30, 2022 or (2) the date on which the Company consummates an initial public offering of its securities. The outstanding balance of under the Promissory Note was repaid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering on April 29, 2022. 
 Payable Related Party 

 The Company entered an office lease agreement with Regus. The lease term is from December 2021 and December 2022 at per month. The leased office was not occupied by the Company until May 1, 2022 after the Company completed the IPO. The Sponsor make the payments for rent and is reimbursed the amounts from the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and payable to the Sponsor. 

Working Capital Loans 

 In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. Any such loans would be on an interest-free basis and would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to the Company upon completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. Up to of such loans may be convertible into units at a price of per unit, at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the private placement units issued to the Sponsor. The Company does not expect to seek loans from parties other than the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor as the Company does not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in the Company s trust account. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had borrowings under the working capital loans. 
 per Public Unit, or in the aggregate, paid at the closing of the IPO and (ii) a deferred underwriting discount 

 of per Public Unit, or approximately in the aggregate, upon the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 
 preference shares, par value, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. 
 Class

A Ordinary Shares

The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2022, there were and Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding. 
 Class

B Ordinary Shares

The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. On December 4, 2021, the Company issued Class B ordinary shares. On March 18, 2022, the sponsor surrendered to the Company for cancellation Class B ordinary shares for consideration, resulting in the Company s initial shareholders holding an aggregate of so that the initial shareholders will collectively own of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after IPO. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

Public shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described below, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s shareholders except as required by law. Unless specified in the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of the Company s ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by the Company s shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds
 of the Company s ordinary shares that are voted, and pursuant to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. The Company s board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors. The shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Prior to the initial Business Combination, (i) only holders of the Company s founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and (ii) in a vote to continue the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (which requires the approval of at least two thirds of the votes of all ordinary shares voted at a general meeting), holders of the Company s Class B ordinary shares will have ten votes for every Class B ordinary share and holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares will have one vote for every Class A ordinary share. These provisions of the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than of the Company s ordinary shares who attend and vote at the Company s general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of the Company s Class B ordinary shares. Holders of the Company s Public Shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors prior to the initial Business Combination. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial Business Combination, holders of a majority of the Company s founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. In connection with the initial Business Combination, the Company may enter into a shareholders agreement or other arrangements with the shareholders of the target with respect to voting and other corporate governance matters following completion of the initial Business Combination. 
 Warrants

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of months from the closing of this offering and days after the completion of the initial business combination, except as discussed in the immediately succeeding paragraph. The warrants will (except for Class 2 redeemable warrants attached to shares that are redeemed in connection with the initial business combination, which Class 2 redeemable warrants will expire upon redemption of such shares) expire after the completion of the initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Class 1 Warrants and Class 2 Warrants are outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, there are Private Warrants issued and outstanding. The Company will account for warrants as equity instruments in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, based on the specific terms of the warrant agreement. 
 The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days, after the closing of the initial business combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within business days after the closing of the initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that if the Company s Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at the Company s option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and the Company will use its commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the th business day after the closing of the initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, and the Company will use its commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market va
lue (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value.

The fair market value as used in this paragraph means the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 
 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent.

 Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds . Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per warrant; 

upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading -Warrants-Public Shareholders Warrants-Anti-dilution Adjustments for any trading days within a -trading
 day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders). 
 In addition, if (x) The Company issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Company s sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by the Company s sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial business combination on the date of the consummation of the initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price and the per share redemption trigger price described above under -Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 
 founder shares and private placement units of the Company held by the Sponsor to Imperii Strategies LLC which is a member of the sponsor on behalf of the Sponsor and its existing members and entered into a repurchase agreement with Xin Wang, Joshua Gordon, James J. Long and Nicholas Torres III, then directors and officers of the Company, to transfer founder shares each to the Sponsor, as a result of which, the Sponsor directly holds founder shares. 

On March 17, 2023, Mr. I-Fa Chang entered into a Membership Interest Purchase and Transfer Agreement (the Membership Purchase Agreement with the Sponsor, Imperii Strategies LLC, Aimfinity Co. LTD and Yuming Investments LLC (each a Seller, and collectively, the Sellers ). Pursuant to the Membership Purchase Agreement, Mr. I-Fa Chang purchased all outstanding membership interests of the Sponsor from the Sellers, and became sole manager and member of the Sponsor, in exchange for the consideration of 

. Upon the purchased of membership interest, Mr. I-Fa Chang, as the sole member and manager of the sponsor, is deemed the beneficial owner of 

 founder shares. 

In connection with the purchase of membership interest, on March 17, 2023, all of our then directors and officers resigned from their respective positions. There was no known disagreement with any of the Company s outgoing directors on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. Concurrently with the resignations, the Company, by ordinary resolution of the holders of the Class B ordinary shares of the Company, or the founder shares , appointed I-Fa Chang as sole director of the board of directors (the Board ). On the same day, I-Fa Chang, exercising his authority as the sole director of the Board, appointed four new members to the Board to fill such vacancies, consisting of Kevin Vassily as a Class I director, Hanzhong (Han) Li and Teng-Wei Chen as Class II directors, and Xuedong (Tony) Tian as a Class III director, effective immediately. The Board then appointed Mr. Chang as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Mr. Tian as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, effectively immediately. The Board further designated Mr. Chang as a Class III director. 

None of the new officers or directors will receive any cash compensation for services rendered to us and the Company has entered into an Indemnity Agreement with each of our current directors and officers on March 17, 2023. 

F-1 9 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 

1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated April 25, 2022, among the Company, US Tiger Securities, Inc. and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein (2) 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, dated April 25, 2022 (2) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (1) 

4.2 
 
 Specimen New Unit Certificate (1) 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate (1) 

4.4 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (1) 

4.5 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated April 25, 2022, between the Company and VStock Transfer, LLC, as warrant agent (2) 

4.6 
 
 Description of Securities 

10.1 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of December 4, 2021 between the Company and the Sponsor (1) 

10.2 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated April 25, 2022, among the Company and its officers, directors, director nominees and the Sponsor (2) 

10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated April 25, 2022, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (2) 

10.4 
 
 Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated April 25, 2022, between the Company, the Sponsor and certain other security holders of the Company (2) 

10.5 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor (1) 

10.6 
 
 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated April 25, 2022, between the Company and the Sponsor (2) 

10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement, dated April 25, 2022, between the Company and each of its directors and executive officers (2) 

10.8 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement between the Company and each of the new directors and officers of the Company, dated March 17, 2023 (3) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

99.1 
 
 Form of Audit Committee Charter (1) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded as Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

Schedules omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Aimfinity Investment Corp. I agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the SEC upon request. 

(1) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 25, 2022 (File No. 333-263874). 

(2) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022 (File No. 001-41361). 

(3) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 20, 2023 (File No. 001-41361). 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

April 17, 2023 

Aimfinity Investment Corp. I 

By: 
 
 /s/ I-Fa Chang 

Name: I-Fa Chang 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ I-Fa Chang I-Fa Chang 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 April 17, 2023 

/s/ Xuedong (Tony) Tian Xuedong (Tony) Tian 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 April 17, 2023 

/s/ Hanzhong (Han) Li Hanzhong (Han) Li 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

/s/ Kevin D. Vassily Kevin D. Vassily 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

/s/ Teng-Wei Chen Teng-Wei Chen 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

<EX-4.6>
 2
 d410481dex46.htm
 EX-4.6

EX-4.6 

Exhibit 4.6 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 As of the date of this report on Form 10-K , Aimfinity Investment Corp. I we, our, us or the Company had the following three classes of its securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (i)
Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share Class A ordinary shares ), (ii) redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, subject to
adjustment, and (iii) units, consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one Class 1 redeemable warrant and one-half of one Class 2 redeemable warrant. 
 We are a Cayman Islands exempted company and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the
Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are authorized to issue 200,000,000
Class A ordinary shares, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, and 1,000,000 preference shares, 0.0001 par value each. The following description summarizes the material terms of our shares as set out more particularly in our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. 
 Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, references in this report to: (i) Class B ordinary shares are to
the Company s Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; (ii) founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering IPO ), and our Class A ordinary shares issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination; (iii) private placement units are to the units issued to
our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with our IPO; (iv) private placement warrants are to redeemable warrants to purchase our Class A ordinary shares included within the private placement units separately purchased by
our sponsor in the private placement that occurred simultaneously with our IPO; (v) public shares are to shares of our Class A common stock included in the units sold in our IPO (whether they were purchased in our IPO or thereafter
in the open market); (vi) public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor, officers, directors and their respective affiliates to the extent our sponsor, officers, directors or their respective
affiliates purchase public shares, provided that each of their status as a public shareholder only exists with respect to such public shares; (vii) public warrants are to our redeemable warrants included in the
units sold in our IPO (whether they were purchased in our IPO or thereafter in the open market); (viii) sponsor is to Aimfinity Investment LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company; (ix) warrants are to the public
warrants and the private placement warrants; and (x) new units are to the units resulting from separate trading of the Class 1 redeemable warrants from the units, consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one Class 2 redeemable warrant. . Terms used herein and not
defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Units Each unit consists of one
Class A ordinary share and one Class 1 redeemable warrant and one-half of one Class 2 redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary
share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described herein. The Class A ordinary shares and Class 1
redeemable warrants comprising the units began separate trading on June 16, 2022. Commencing on that date, holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their
brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into Class 1 redeemable warrants and new units consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one Class 2 redeemable
warrants. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Additionally, the units and the new units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after completion
of our initial business combination. The units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after
completion of our initial business combination. 

Ordinary Shares 
 Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described
below, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any
such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares that are
voted, and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another
company. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment
of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board
of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Prior to our initial business combination, (i) only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and (ii) in a vote to continue the Company
in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (which requires the approval of at least two-thirds of the votes of all ordinary shares voted at a general meeting), holders of our Class B ordinary shares
will have ten votes for every Class B ordinary share and holders of our Class A ordinary shares will have one vote for every Class A ordinary share. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than 90 of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. Holders of
our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors prior to the initial business combination. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove
a member of the board of directors for any reason. In connection with our initial business combination, we may enter into a shareholders agreement or other arrangements with the shareholders of the target with respect to voting and other corporate
governance matters following completion of the initial business combination. Because our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association authorize the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A
ordinary shares which we will be authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 
 In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after
our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new
directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder
shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 
 We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our
initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our
initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to
the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.20 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by
the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our Initial shareholders have entered into
agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business

combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our
obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within 15 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, or as may be extended by the Shareholder Extension Period, as applicable)
or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial
business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock
exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer
rules of the Securities Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require these
tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the
transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy
solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary
resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their
affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business
combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is
obtained. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require that at least five days notice will be given of any general meeting. 
 If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is
acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO (the Excess
Shares ), without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to
redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market.
Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding
15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. If we
seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of
the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. In such case, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. Additionally, each public
shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. 
 Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within
15 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, or as may be extended by the Shareholder Extension Period, as applicable), we will
(i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the 

public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the
funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which
redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject
to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our
initial shareholders have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial
business combination within 15 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, or as may be extended by the Shareholder Extension Period, as
applicable), although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust
account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In
the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after
provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described
herein. Founder Shares The founder
shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in the IPO, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public
shareholders, except that: (a) the founder Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination, (b) the founder shares are subject to certain
transfer restrictions; (c) prior to our initial business combination, only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of
directors for any reason; (d) in a vote to continue the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (which requires the approval of at least two-thirds of the votes of all ordinary shares voted
at a general meeting), holders of our founder shares have ten votes for every founder share and, as a result, our initial shareholders will be able to approve any such proposal without the vote of any other shareholder; (e) our initial
shareholders have entered into an agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial
business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our
Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing
of the IPO (or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, or as may be extended by the Shareholder Extension Period, as applicable) or (B) with respect to any other
provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Additionally, our sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder shares if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Except as described herein, our sponsor and our directors and executive
officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination,

(x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and
the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share
exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. We refer to such transfer restrictions as the lock-up. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor and our directors and executive officers with respect to any founder shares. 
 Except as described herein, the private placement units will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial
business combination. Because each of our executive officers and director nominees will own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business
is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination; and (f) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will complete our
initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. In such
case, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. 
 The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time
of our initial business combination at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis,
approximately 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the IPO, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or
exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement units issued to our sponsor, its affiliates or any member
of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than
 one-to-one. Prior to our initial business combination,
only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an
initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a
special resolution passed by not less than 90 of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. With respect to any other matter
submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with
each share entitling the holder to one vote. Register of Members 
 Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members and there will be entered therein: 

the names and addresses of the members, together with a statement of the shares held by each member and such
statement shall confirm (i) the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid on the shares of each member, (ii) the number and category of shares held by each member, and (iii) whether each relevant category of shares held by a
member carries voting rights under the articles of association of the company, and if so, whether such voting rights are conditional; 

the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the date on which any person ceased to be a member. 
 Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register of
members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name
in the register of members. The register of members was updated to reflect the issue of shares by us upon closing of the IPO, and o nce our register of members is updated, the shareholders recorded in the register of
members will be deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members
reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal
position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman
Islands court. Preference Shares 
 Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 1,000,000 preference shares and provide that
preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any
qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors may, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting
power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or
preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares issued and outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will
not do so in the future. Warrants Public
shareholders warrants Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a
price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of one year from the closing of the IPO and 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, except as discussed in the
immediately succeeding paragraph. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The warrants (except for Class 2 redeemable warrants attached to shares that are redeemed in connection
with our initial business combination, which Class 2 redeemable warrants will expire upon redemption of such shares) will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. We will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a
warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto
is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary
share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the
warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire
worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price
for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. 

We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days,
after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of the warrants, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration
statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that If our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of
any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of warrants who
exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and we will
use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the
warrants is not effective by the 6 0t h business day after the closing of the initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and
during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, and we will use our
commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of
Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) less
the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value as used in this paragraph means the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the
trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. Redemption of warrants when the
price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 16.50. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 
 at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 
 upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 
 if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 16.50 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the
number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public shareholders warrants Anti-dilution adjustments in our registration
statement on Form S-1 filed in connection with our IPO (File No. 333-263874) (the Prospectus )) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption
period, except if the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we
are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. We have established the
last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption
of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A ordinary shares may fall 

below the 16.50 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading
 Warrants Public shareholders warrants Anti-dilution adjustments included in our Prospectus) as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued.
 If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to
exercise its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number
of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our shareholders of issuing the maximum number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of
warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the
warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average volume weighted
average last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of
this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of Class A ordinary shares to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a
cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the
warrants after our initial business combination. Redemption procedures. A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in
the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant
agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (as specified by the holder) of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 
 Anti-dilution adjustments. If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization or share dividend
payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by a sub-division of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization or share dividend, share sub-division or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering
made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share dividend of a number
of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into
or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, (i) if
the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights,
as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion, and (ii) historical fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on
the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 
 In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or
other assets to all or substantially all of the holders of the Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above,
(b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day 
period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the
exercise price or to the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, (c) to
satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial 

business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem
100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, or
as may be extended by the Shareholder Extension Period, as applicable) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public
shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased (but not less than zero), effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair
market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event. If the number of
outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the
effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be
decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Class A ordinary shares. Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares
purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which
will be the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately
thereafter. In addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising
purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board
of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ),
(y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business
combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business
combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price and the
 16.50 per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 16.50 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to
be equal to 165 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The warrants will be issued in registered form under the
warrant agreement between vStock Transfer, LLC, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any
mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement, or defective provision, (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares
as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or
desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding warrants is required to make any change that adversely
affects the interests of the registered holders. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which was filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which the Prospectus was part, for a complete description of the terms and conditions
applicable to the warrants. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights
until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to
be voted on by shareholders. 

No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants
will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the
warrant holder. We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in
any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will
be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. See Risk Factors Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as
the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company 
included in our Prospectus. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive
forum. Private placement units 
 The private placement units (including the private placement shares, the private placement warrants and Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of such warrants) will not be transferable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated
with our sponsor). Holders of our private placement units are entitled to certain registration rights. If we do not consummate an initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months from the closing of the
IPO, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, or as may be extended by the Shareholder Extension Period, as applicable), the proceeds from the sale of the private placement units held in the trust account will be used to
fund the redemption of our public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the private placement units (and the underlying securities) will expire worthless. Further, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial
business combination only if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. In such case, our initial
shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares, placement shares and any public shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of our initial business combination. Otherwise, the placement units are identical to the units sold in the IPO.
 Private placement warrants 
 Except as described below, the private placement warrants included in the private placement units have terms and provisions that are identical
to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in the IPO. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable
until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except pursuant to limited exceptions to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants). Any
amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants requires a vote of holders of a majority of the number of the then outstanding warrants. 
 In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our
sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units of the post-business combination entity at
a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. Such units would be identical to the private placement units. Dividends 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our
initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be 

dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition after completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends
after our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with a business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by
restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 
 The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is VStock Transfer, LLC. We have agreed to indemnify VStock
Transfer, LLC in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that
capacity, except for any claims and losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. Certain
Differences in Corporate Law Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law
but does not follow recent English Law statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act
applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. Mergers and similar
arrangements. In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction provided 
that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction) so as to form a single surviving company. Where the merger or consolidation
is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either
(a) a special resolution (usually a majority of two-thirds of the voting shares voted at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be
specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary company) and
its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the
requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. 
 Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the
directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due inquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is
permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been
or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no
receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or
other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted. 
 Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required
to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay 

its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of
any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in
accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the
merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the
merger or consolidation. Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be
paid a payment of the fair value of his shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the
merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote;
(b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20
days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven
days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or
the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the Company and the shareholder agree on the price within 30 days following the
date on which the offer was made, the Company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the Company and the shareholder fail to agree on a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period
expires, the Company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with
whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid
by the Company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the Company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of
a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the
relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. 
 Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain
circumstances, schemes of arrangement that generally will be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be
tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United
States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of
shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at a meeting, or meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be
sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it
satisfies itself that: 

we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions
as to majority vote have been complied with; 

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; 

the arrangement is such as a businessperson would reasonably approve; and 

the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act
or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described
below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to
dissenting shareholders of United States corporations. Squeeze-out provisions. The
Companies Act also contains a statutory power of compulsory acquisition which may facilitate the squeeze out of dissentient minority shareholder upon a tender offer. When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the
shares to whom the offer relates within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares to the offeror on the terms of the offer. An
objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely to succeed in the case of an offer which has been so approved unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders.
 Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means
other than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements of an operating business. 
 Shareholders suits. Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, is not aware of any reported class
action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff
in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in
all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: 

a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; 

the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be only effected if duly authorized
by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or 

those who control the Company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have
been infringed or are about to be infringed. Enforcement of civil liabilities. The Cayman Islands has a less
prescriptive body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the federal courts of the United States. 
 We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that there is uncertainty as to whether the
courts of the Cayman Islands would (i) recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our directors or officers that are predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or
the securities laws of any state in the United States, or (ii) entertain original actions brought in the Cayman Islands against us or our directors or officers that are predicated upon the federal securities laws of the United States or the
securities laws of any state in the United States. We have also been advised by Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP that although there is
no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the federal or state courts of the United States (and the 

Cayman Islands are not a party to any treaties for the reciprocal enforcement or recognition of such judgments), a judgment obtained in such jurisdiction will be recognized and enforced in the
courts of the Cayman Islands at common law, without any reexamination of the merits of the underlying dispute, by an action commenced on the foreign judgment debt in the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, provided such judgment (i) is given by
a foreign court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) imposes on the judgment debtor a liability to pay a liquidated sum for which the judgment has been given, (iii) is final, (iv) is not in respect of taxes, a fine or a penalty, and
(v) was not obtained in a manner and is not of a kind the enforcement of which is contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands. However, the Cayman Islands courts are unlikely to enforce a judgment obtained from the
U.S. courts under civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities law if such judgment is determined by the courts of the Cayman Islands to give rise to obligations to make payments that are penal or punitive in nature. A Cayman Islands
court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. Special considerations for exempted
companies. We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts
business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below: 

an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies;

an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; 

an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; 

an exempted company may issue shares with no par value; 

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings
are usually given for 20 years in the first instance); 

an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman
Islands; 

an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and 

an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. 
 Limited liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of
the Company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil).
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 
 Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating
to the IPO that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution under Cayman Islands law. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a
special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a Company s
shareholders entitled to vote and so voting at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association,
by a unanimous written resolution of all of the C ompany s shareholders. Other than as described above, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either by
at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a general 

meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 
 Our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees, if any, will participate in any vote to amend our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that: 

If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to
21 months from the closing of the IPO, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, or as may be extended by the Shareholder Extension Period, as applicable), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of
winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on
deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes that were paid by us or are payable by us, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman
Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that
would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in
connection with the completion of an initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond
15 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, or as may be extended by the Shareholder Extension Period, as applicable) or (y) amend
the foregoing provisions; 

Although we currently do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is
affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from independent investment banking
firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

If a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange
listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and
will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required
under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

So long as our securities are then listed on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more
target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust
account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

If our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
(A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business

combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months from the closing of the
IPO, if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, or as may be extended by the Shareholder Extension Period, as applicable) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our
Class A ordinary shares, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the
then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and 

We will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar
company with nominal operations. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide
that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. 
 The Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval
of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of such company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting or by way of
unanimous written resolution. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its
memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provides otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan
which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive
any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. Anti-Money Laundering
 Cayman Islands If any person in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects, or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting, that
another person is engaged in criminal conduct or money laundering or is involved with terrorism or terrorist financing and property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business in the
regulated sector or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act (As
Revised) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money laundering or (ii) a police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Act (As Revised) of
the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report shall not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any
enactment or otherwise. Data Protection Cayman Islands 
 We have certain duties under the Data Protection Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the DPA based on internationally accepted
principles of data privacy. Privacy Notice 
 Introduction This
privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice that through investment in the Company each shareholder will provide us with certain personal information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the DPA personal data ). In
the following discussion, the company refers to us and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise. 

Investor data 
 We will collect, use, disclose, retain and secure personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could be
reasonably expected during the normal course of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the extent legitimately required to conduct our activities on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory
obligations to which we are subject. We will only transfer personal data in accordance with the requirements of the DPA, and will apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized
or unlawful processing of the personal data and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage to the personal data. In our use of
this personal data, we will be characterized as a data controller for the purposes of the DPA, while our affiliates and service providers who may receive this personal data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act as our
 data processors for the purposes of the DPA or may process personal information for their own lawful purposes in connection with services provided to us. 
 We may also obtain personal data from other public sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating to
a shareholder and/or any individuals connected with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact details, corporate contact information, signature, nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification,
credit history, correspondence records, passport number, bank account details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder s investment activity. 
 Who this affects 
 If you are a natural person, this will affect you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements
such as trusts or exempted limited partnerships) that provides us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in relation your investment in the Company, this will be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the
content of this Privacy Notice to such individuals or otherwise advise them of its content. How the company may use a
shareholder s personal data The Company, as the data controller, may collect, store and use personal data for lawful
purposes, including, in particular: 

(a) 
 where this is necessary for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements;

(b) 
 where this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject (such as
compliance with anti-money laundering and the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act FATCA )/Common Reporting Standard CRS requirements); and 

(c) 
 where this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden by
your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms. Should we wish to use personal data for other specific purposes
(including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will contact you. Why we may transfer your personal data 
 In certain circumstances we may be legally obliged to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the
relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange this information with foreign authorities, including tax authorities. 
 We anticipate disclosing personal data to persons who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain
entities located outside the United States, the Cayman Islands or the European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on our behalf. This includes our transfer agent. 

The data protection measures we take 
 Any transfer of personal data by us or our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance
with the requirements of the DPA. We and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates shall apply appropriate technical and
organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, personal data. 
 We shall notify you of any personal data breach that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or
freedoms or those data subjects to whom the relevant personal data relates. Certain anti-takeover provisions of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our board of directors is
classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual general meetings. 
 Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preference shares will be available for future issuances without shareholder
approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares
and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 
 Registration and Shareholder Rights The
holders of the founder shares, private placement shares and private placement warrants, including any of those issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement
warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement signed in connection with our IPO. The holders of these securities are entitled to
make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed after our completion of our
initial business combination. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lockup
period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, as described in the following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the private placement units and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such units, 30 days after
the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 
 Except as described herein, our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the
earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share
(as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our
initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash,
securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor with respect to any founder shares. We refer to such transfer restrictions as the
 lock-up. In addition, pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement, our sponsor,
upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder
rights agreement. 

Listing of Securities 
 Our units, new units, Class A ordinary shares, and warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols AIMAU ,
 AIMBU , AIMA , and AIMAW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on April 26, 2022, and our new units and class 1 warrants commenced separate public trading on June 16, 2022. 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 d410481dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, I-Fa Chang, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Aimfinity
Investment Corp. I; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b. 
 [Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313];

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. Date: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ I-Fa Chang 

I-Fa Chang 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 d410481dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Xuedong (Tony) Tian, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Aimfinity
Investment Corp. I; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b. 
 [Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313]; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. Date: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Xuedong (Tony) Tian 

Xuedong (Tony) Tian 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 d410481dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Aimfinity Investment Corp. I (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, I-Fa Chang, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. Date: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ I-Fa Chang 

I-Fa Chang 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 d410481dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Aimfinity Investment Corp. I (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Xuedong (Tony) Tian, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. Date: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Xuedong (Tony) Tian 

Xuedong (Tony) Tian 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 aima-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 aima-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 aima-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 aima-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

