<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230607_10-K_edgar_data_1816554_0001683168-23-003970.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1714459</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>53382</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>423736</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>344169</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>359201</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>495470</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-003970.hdr.sgml : 20230607
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230607113504
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-003970
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230607
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230607

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EVENTIKO INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001816554
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENT & RECREATION [7990]
		IRS NUMBER:				981535709
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-239589
		FILM NUMBER:		23998200

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		54/27 NAWAMIN RD
		STREET 2:		NUANCHAN BUENG KUM
		CITY:			BANGKOK
		STATE:			W1
		ZIP:			10230
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-605-4808

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		54/27 NAWAMIN RD
		STREET 2:		NUANCHAN BUENG KUM
		CITY:			BANGKOK
		STATE:			W1
		ZIP:			10230

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EVENTIKO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200630

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-003970.txt : 20230607

10-K
 1
 eventiko_10k-043023.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

Mark One 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE 

 ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2023 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______ to _______ 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 7990 
 (Primary Standard Industrial 
 Classification Number) 
 
 EIN 
 (IRS Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, , 
 , 

 +1 

 eventikoinc@gmail.com 

 (Address and telephone number of principal executive
offices) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by checkmark whether the issuer: (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. Yes No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those
error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes 

Indicate by checkmark whether the issuer has filed
all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 after the distribution
of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. 

 Yes 
No 

Class 
 Outstanding as of April 30, 2023 
 
 Common Stock: 0.0001 

The aggregate
market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrants
most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based on the price at which the common equity was last sold on the OTC Markets on October
31, 2022 was approximately . For purposes of this computation only, all officers, directors and 10 or greater stockholders of the registrant
are deemed to be affiliates. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART 1 

ITEM 1 
 
 Description of Business 
 
 4 
 
 ITEM 1A 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 5 
 
 ITEM 1B 
 
 Unresolved Staff comments 
 
 5 
 
 ITEM 2 
 
 Properties 
 
 5 
 
 ITEM 3 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 5 
 
 ITEM 4 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 5 

PART II 

ITEM 5 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 6 
 
 ITEM 6 
 
 (Reserved) 
 
 6 
 
 ITEM 7 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 6 
 
 ITEM 7A 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 8 
 
 ITEM 8 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 8 
 
 ITEM 9 
 
 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 9 
 
 ITEM 9A 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 9 
 
 ITEM 9B 
 
 Other Information 
 
 10 
 
 ITEM 9C 
 
 Disclosure Regarding foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 10 

PART III 

ITEM 10 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons of the Company 
 
 11 
 
 ITEM 11 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 12 
 
 ITEM 12 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 12 
 
 ITEM 13 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 
 13 
 
 ITEM 14 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 13 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 
 
 Exhibits 
 
 14 
 
 ITEM 16 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 15 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This annual report contains forward-looking statements.
These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. These statements often can be identified by the use of terms
such as may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, estimate, approximate 
or continue, or the negative thereof. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors for such
statements. We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the
date made. Any forward-looking statements represent management's best judgment as to what may occur in the future. However, forward-looking
statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and important factors beyond our control that could cause actual results and events to
differ materially from historical results of operations and events and those presently anticipated or projected. We disclaim any obligation
subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statement or to reflect
the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

3 

PART I 

Item 1. Description of Business 

GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT OUR COMPANY 

We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on
February 19, 2020 (Inception). We maintain our statutory registered agent s office at 3773 Howard Hughes Pkwy Suite 500s,
Las Vegas, NV 89169-6014. Our principal executive offices are located 54/27 Nawamin Rd, Nuanchan, Bueng Kum, Bangkok 10230, Thailand.
Our phone number is +1(702)-605-4808. 

Eventiko Inc. will organize fashion events, parties,
exhibitions, festivals and ceremonies initially in Thailand, but with plans at a later stage to spread our business to other Asian countries
such as: Vietnam, Cambodia etc. Our main source of revenue from operations will be generated from customers paying a fee for our services.
Our fee service will be 10-20 from the total price. We will be dedicated to work on client s event from conception through to final
delivery. We will work with each and every client to develop a concept that provides a holistic solution for his needs, focusing on time
management, target audience, budget and his overall vision. 

OUR SERVICES 

We will organize fashion events, parties, exhibitions,
festivals and ceremonies in Thailand depend on client s requires. We will plan and manage the events as per the budget, established
date, site and event type (like fashion shows, ceremony, party, etc.). Firstly we will discuss all the details with our potential customers.
After that we will make researches according to client s needs and budget. Then will provide the variants depending on the most
important aspects in organizing of events. The main aspects are as follows: 

1. Atmosphere creation: any event should bring
beauty, elegance, positive emotions and vivid impressions and for that we will hire only professional models, artists, dancers, photographers
and service staff as all these people know how to behave on high-level events and how to react in case of a mishap; 

2. Choosing the place: we will find the place
large enough for free accommodation of guests, with good light and sound output for better performance, with properly working of water
supply system, sewerage and conditioning and spacious parking. 

3. Interior design: it should be professionally
decorated in accordance with the performance to convey the main idea of the event. 

4. Music and Sound effects: we will find good
bands or DJs for better engaging the audience in a way that they feel completely engrossed in the event. 

5. Snacks and Drinks: we will order only quality,
tasty and popular food and drinks so that our customers and their visitors could enjoy it and get good impressions. 

EMPLOYEES 

We have no employees other than our sole
officer and director, Miklos Pal Auer. 

4 

GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS IN THAILAND 

We will be subject to applicable laws and regulations
that relate directly or indirectly to our operations including United States securities laws. We will be required to comply with all regulations,
rules and directives of governmental authorities and agencies in Thailand. 

Item 1.A. Risk Factors. 

Not required for Smaller reporting companies. 

Item 1.B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not required for Smaller reporting companies. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Currently we do not own any property. We maintain
our statutory registered agent s office at 3773 Howard Hughes Pkwy Suite 500s, Las Vegas, NV 89169-6014. Our principal place
of business is located 54/27 Nawamin Rd, Nuanchan, Bueng Kum, Bangkok 10230, Thailand; which is provided to us on a rent-free basis by
our sole officer and director. Our phone number is +1(702)-605-4808. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings,
and we are not aware of any pending or potential legal actions. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not Applicable. 

5 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

The company stock is not trading at the moment. 

Registered Holders of our Common Stock 

As of April 30, 2023, there were approximately
35 record owners of our common stock. 

Dividends 

The Company has never declared or paid cash dividends
on its common stock and does not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During our fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and
2022, we had no sales of unregistered shares. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, and
2022 the Company did not repurchase any shares of its Common Stock. 

Stock Transfer Agent 

Our stock transfer agent is Justeene Blankenship,
Action Stock Transfer, 2469 E. Fort Union Blvd, Suite 214, Salt Lake City, UT 84121, (801) 274-1088 voice, (801) 274-1099 fax, jb@actionstocktransfer.com,
www.actionstocktransfer.com. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

We are a development stage corporation with limited
operations and revenues from our business operations. Our auditors have issued a going concern opinion. This means that our auditors believe
there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months. We do not anticipate that we will
generate significant revenues until we have raised the funds necessary to conduct a marketing program. There is no assurance we will ever
generate significant revenue even if we raised all necessary funds. 

6 

PLAN OF OPERATION 

FISCAL YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2023 COMPARED TO FISCAL
YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2022. 

Our net loss for the fiscal year ended April 30,
2023 was 9,936 compared to a net loss of 20,832 during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022. In April 30, 2023 we generated total revenue
of 11,350 and in April 30, 2022 the Company have not generated any revenue. 

The number of shares outstanding was 4,192,500
for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023 and for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

FISCAL YEAR ENDED April 30, 2023 and 2022 

As of April 30, 2023, our total assets were 16,530
consists of purchased website and cash generated from revenue. 

As of April 30, 2022, our total assets were 1,899. 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

We have generated positive cash flows from operating
activities for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, net cash flows used in operating activities was 286. Cash flows from operating activities
for the fiscal year ended April 30,2022 was (20,628). 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

We have not generated positive cash flows from
investing activities for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, net cash flows used in investing activities was 11,000. We have not generated
cash flows from investing activities for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

We have financed our operations primarily from
either advances from our sole executive or the issuance of equity. For the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, net cash provided by financing
activities was 14,344 consisting of director loan. For the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022, net cash from financing activities was 1,720
consisting of stock issuances and director loan. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that
have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

7 

GOING CONCERN 

There is no historical financial information about
us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are in start-up stage operations and have not generated any revenues. We cannot
guarantee we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business
enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns due to price and cost increases in services and products. 

We have no assurance that future financing will
be available to us on acceptable terms. If financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to continue, develop or
expand our operations. Equity financing could result in additional dilution to existing shareholders. 

The extent of the impact of the coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak on the financial performance of the Company will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak
and related advisories and restrictions and the impact of COVID-19 on the overall economy, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot
be predicted. If the overall economy is impacted for an extended period, the Company s future operating results may be materially
adversely affected. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. Preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by management s
application of accounting policies. We believe that understanding the basis and nature of the estimates and assumptions involved with
the following aspects of our financial statements is critical to an understanding of our financial statements. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements. The estimates and judgments will also affect the reported amounts for certain expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ from these good faith estimates and judgments. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The Company s Financial Statements required
by Item 8, together with the reports thereon of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are set forth on pages F-1 through F-9
of this report and are incorporated by reference in this Item 8. 

8 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accounting
and Financial Disclosures. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Our management necessarily
applied its judgment in assessing the costs and benefits of such controls and procedures, which, by their nature, can provide only reasonable
assurance regarding management s control objectives. 

Our management, with the participation of our
CEO, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered
by this Report. Based upon this evaluation, our CEO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective because of
the identification of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting which is described below. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

Our internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have
inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention of overriding controls. Accordingly, even effective
internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2023. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Tread way Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on
this evaluation, management concluded that that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of April 30, 2023.
Our CEO concluded we have a material weakness due to lack of segregation of duties, a limited corporate governance structure, and a lack
of a formal management review process over preparation of financial information. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of control deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

9 

Our size has prevented us from being able to employ
sufficient resources to enable us to have an adequate level of supervision and segregation of duties within our system of internal control.
Therefore, while there are some compensating controls in place, it is difficult to ensure effective segregation of accounting and financial
reporting duties. Management reported the following material weaknesses: 

Lack of segregation of duties in certain accounting and financial reporting processes including the initiation, processing, recording and approval of disbursements; 

Our corporate governance responsibilities are performed by the Board of Directors, none of whom are independent under applicable standards; we do not have an audit committee or compensation committee. Our Board of Directors acts primarily by written consent without meetings which results in several of our corporate governance functions not being performed concurrent (or timely) with the underlying transactions, including evaluation of the application of accounting principles and disclosures relating to those transactions; and 

Certain reports that we prepare, and accounting and reporting conclusions reached in connection with the financial statement preparation process are not subjected to a formal review process that includes multiple levels of review and are not submitted timely to the Board of Directors for review or approval. 

While we strive to segregate duties as much as
practicable, there is an insufficient volume of transactions at this point in time to justify additional full-time staff. We believe that
this is typical in many development stage companies. We may not be able to fully remediate the material weakness until we commence operations
at which time, we would expect to hire more staff. We will continue to monitor and assess the costs and benefits of additional staffing. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not
subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the SEC rules that permit us to provide only management s
report in this Annual Report. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended April 30, 2023, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not Applicable. 

10 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and
Corporate Governance. 

The board of directors elects our executive officers
annually. A majority vote of the directors who are in office is required to fill vacancies. Each director is elected for the term of one
year, and until his or her successor is elected and qualified, or until his earlier resignation or removal. The name, address, age and
position of our officers and directors are as follows: 

Name and Address of Executive 
 Officer and/or Director 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Miklos Pal Auer 
 54/27 Nawamin Rd, Nuanchan, Bueng Kum, Bangkok 10230, Thailand 
 
 47 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director 

The person named above has held his offices/positions
since the inception of our Company and is expected to hold said offices/positions until the next annual meeting of our stockholders. 

Resume 

Miklos Pal Auer has served as the Company s
President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and a Director since its incorporation on February 19, 2020. He got the
Bachelor Degree as the dance pedagogue in 2012. He has worked in different events for the last ten years and during this time has been
planning formation and operation of Eventiko Inc. His specific knowledge, qualifications and skills have led to our conclusion that Mr.
Auer is a suitable person to develop our business. He has been a freelance artist, dancer and pedagogue for mainly Chinese Events. He
had not only performed on stage as an artist or dancer, but he also created performances, staged choreography, and completely organized
a wide variety of events in Asian countries. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Our common stock is not registered pursuant to
Section 12 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Accordingly, our officers, directors and principal
stockholders are not subject to the beneficial ownership reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Code of Business Conduct 

We have not adopted a Code of Business Conduct
within the meaning of Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K. 

Board Committees 

We do not have any Board Committees. 

11 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The table below summarizes the total compensation
earned by each of our named executive Officers NEOs for each of the fiscal years listed. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Year 

Salary ) 

Bonus ) 

Stock 
 Awards ) 

Option Awards ) 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 

All Other Compensation 

Total Compensation ) 

Miklos Pal Auer 
 
 Treas., Sec. 

2023 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

Treas., Sec. 

2022 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

(1) Mr. Miklos Pal Auer was elected as an officer
and director on February 19, 2020 and his election became effective on February 19, 2020. 

Since Inception on February 19, 2020, Miklos Pal
Auer only member of our Board of Director was not compensated for his services. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matter. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth the beneficial
ownership (and the percentages of outstanding shares represented by such beneficial ownership) as of April 30, 2023, of (i) each director,
(ii) the current NEOs named in the Summary Compensation Table contained in this Form 10-K and (iii) all current directors
and executive officers as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, we believe that the beneficial owners of the common stock listed below,
based on information provided by such owners, have sole investment and voting power with respect to such shares, subject to community
property laws where applicable. Persons, who have the power to vote or dispose of common stock of the Company, either alone or jointly
with others, are deemed to be beneficial owners of such common stock. 

Miklos Pal Auer, President, CEO, Treasurer, Secretary and 
Chairman of the Board. 
 3,000,000 shares 

Certain Stockholders 

The following table sets forth certain information
with respect to each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of five percent or more of either class of the Company s outstanding
common stock. The content of this table is based upon the most current information contained in Schedules 13D or 13G filings with the
SEC, unless more recent information was obtained. 

Miklos Pal Auer, President, CEO, Treasurer, Secretary and 
Chairman of the Board. 
 72 

12 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
Director Independence. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

On February 21, 2020, we offered and sold 3,000,000
shares of common stock to Miklos Pal Auer, our sole officer and director, at a purchase price of 0.0001 per share, for aggregate proceeds
of 300. 

During the period from February 19, 2020 (inception)
to April 30, 2023, Miklos Pal Auer loaned 24,039 to the Company. This loan is non-interest bearing, due upon demand and unsecured. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

FEES TO THE COMPANY S AUDITORS 

Set forth below is a summary of certain fees paid
to our independent audit BF Borgers CPA, PC, Independent registered public accountants for services for the fiscal years 2023 and 2022,
respectively. 

Fee Category 
 Fiscal Year 2023 
 Fiscal Year 2022 
 
 Audit Fees 
 13,171 
 3,200 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 13,171 
 3,200 

Audit Fees 

Audit fees were for professional services rendered
in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements set forth in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, the review of our quarterly
financial statements set forth in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and consents for other SEC filings. 

Audit-Related Fees 

Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for
professional services for consultation on accounting matters. 

Approval of Services Provided by Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors has considered whether
the services provided under other non-audit services are compatible with maintaining the auditor s independence and has determined
that such services are compatible. The Board of Directors has adopted policies and procedures for pre-approving all non-audit work performed
by the external auditors. The Board of Directors will annually pre-approve services in specified accounting areas. The Board of Directors
also annually approves the budget for the annual generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) audit. 

13 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)(1) Financial Statements 

The following documents are filed as
part of this report: 

The Financial Statements of Eventiko
Inc. at April 30, 2023 and 2022, and for each of the two fiscal years in the period ended April 30, 2023, together with the reports of
the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms, are set forth on pages F-1 through F-9 of this Report. 

(2) Not applicable. 

(3) Exhibits 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in inline XBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary . 

None. 

14 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized on June 07, 2023. 

EVENTIKO INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Miklos Pal Auer 

Miklos Pal Auer 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated
on June 07, 2023. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ Miklos Pal Auer 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Secretary, 
 
 Miklos Pal Auer 

and Director (Principal Executive Officer and Principal 
 Accounting Officer) 

15 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

EVENTIKO INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Accounting
 Firm PCAOB ID 
 F-2 

Balance Sheets as of April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations for the Years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 

Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-6 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the shareholders and the board of directors
of Eventiko Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Eventiko Inc. as of April 30, 2023 and 2022, the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for
the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of April 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues to experience
negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ BF Borgers CPA PC 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2022 

June 7, 2023 

F- 2 

EVENTIKO INC. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

April 30, 2023 
 April 30, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Total Current Assets 

Fixed Assets 

Website Development 

Total Fixed Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Liabilities 

Current Liabilities 

Related Party Loans 

Accrued Expenses 

Accounts Payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding; 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part
of these financial statements 

F- 3 

EVENTIKO INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the year ended April 30, 2023 
 For the year ended April 30, 2022 

REVENUE (Organizing events) 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

General and Administrative Expenses 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

NET INCOME (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS 

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

NET LOSS PER SHARE; BASIC 

NET LOSS PER SHARE; DILUTED 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING; BASIC 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING; DILUTED 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part
of these financial statements 

F- 4 

EVENTIKO INC. 

 STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR THE YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2023 2022 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Deficit 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Balance, April 30, 2020 (Audited) 

Shares issued for cash at 0.02 per share in October 2021 

Shares issued for cash at 0.02 per share in January, 2021 

Net loss for the year ended April 30, 2021 

Balance, April 30, 2021 (Audited) 

Net loss for the year ended April 30, 2022 

Balance, April 30, 2022 (Audited) 

Net loss for the year ended April 30, 2023 

Balance, April 30, 2023 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part
of these financial statements 

F- 5 

EVENTIKO INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the year ended April 30, 2023 
 For the year ended April 30, 2022 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss for the year 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) operating activities 

Increase in accrued expenses 

Accounts Payable 

CASH FLOWS USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Website Development 

CASH FLOWS USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Related Party Loans 

CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET INCREASE IN CASH 

Cash and equivalents at beginning of the year 

Cash and equivalents at end of the year 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

Taxes 

See accompanying notes, which are an integral part
of these financial statements 

F- 6 

EVENTIKO INC. 

 NOTES TO THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED APRIL 30, 2023 and 2022 

and accumulated deficit of as of April 30, 2023. The Company has not yet completed
its efforts to establish a stabilized source of revenues sufficient to cover operating costs over an extended period of time. Therefore,
there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Further, the effects of COVID-19 could also impact
our ability to operate under the going concern and maintain sufficient liquidity to continue operations. The impact of COVID-19 on companies
is evolving rapidly and its future effects are uncertain. There are material uncertainties from COVID-19 that cast significant doubt on
the company s ability to operate under the going concern. It is possible that our company will have issues relating to the current
situation that will need to be considered by management in the future. There will be a wide range of factors to take into account in going
concern judgments and financial projections including travel bans, restrictions, government assistance and potential sources of replacement
financing, financial health of suppliers and customers and their effect on expected profitability and other key financial performance
ratios including information that shows whether there will be sufficient liquidity to continue to meet obligations when they are
due. 

Management anticipates that the Company will be
dependent, for the near future, on additional investment capital to fund operating expenses The Company intends to position itself so
that it will be able to raise additional funds through the capital markets. In light of management s efforts, there are no assurances
that the Company will be successful in this or any of its endeavors or become financially viable and continue as a going concern. 

of cash as of April 30, 2023. 

. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Additions, major renewals and replacements
that increase the property's useful life are capitalized. Property sold or retired, together with the related accumulated depreciation
is removed from the appropriated accounts and the resultant gain or loss is included in net income. 

from organizing event services: birthday parties, corporate and private events. 

potentially dilutive debt or equity instruments issued or
outstanding. 

. This loan is unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. 

, par value
shares of common stock authorized. 

On February 21, 2020 the Company issued 
shares of common stock to a director for services of at 0.0001 per share. 

In October 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock to 4 shareholders for cash proceeds of at 0.02 per share. 

In November and December of 2020 and January
2021, the Company issued 
shares of common stock to 30 shareholders for cash proceeds of 
at 0.02 per share. 

There were shares of common stock issued
and outstanding as of April 30, 2023 and 2022. 

that may be available to reduce future years' taxable income in varying amounts through 2041. 

As of April 30, 2022, the Company had net operating
loss of that may be available to reduce future years' taxable income in varying amounts through 2040. 

Future tax benefits which arise as a result of
these losses have not been recognized in these financial statements, as their realization is determined not likely to occur and accordingly,
the Company has recorded a valuation allowance for the deferred tax asset relating to these tax loss carry-forwards. 

The 21 tax rate provision for Federal income
tax consists of the following: 

Less: change in valuation allowance 

Net provision for Federal income taxes 

The cumulative tax effect at the expected rate
of 35 of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows: 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

The Company has approximately 42,635 of net operating
losses NOL carried forward to offset taxable income, if any, in future years which expire in fiscal 2041. In assessing
the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income
during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax
liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on the assessment, management
has established a full valuation allowance against all of the deferred tax asset relating to NOLs for every period because it is more
likely than not that all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. 

F- 11 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 eventiko_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer 

I, Miklos Pal Auer, Chief Executive Officer, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Eventiko, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal three months
(the registrant s fourth fiscal three months in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 07, 2023 
 By: /s/ Miklos Pal Auer 

Miklos Pal Auer 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 eventiko_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of the Principal Financial Officer 

I, Miklos Pal Auer, Chief Financial Officer, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Eventiko, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal three months
(the registrant s fourth fiscal three months in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 07, 2023 
 By: /s/ Miklos Pal Auer 

Miklos Pal Auer 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 eventiko_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Report of Eventiko, Inc.
(the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the
date hereof (the Report ), I, Miklos Pal Auer, Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that, to the best of
my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: June 07, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Miklos Pal Auer 

Miklos Pal Auer 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 evtk-20230430.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 evtk-20230430_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 evtk-20230430_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 evtk-20230430_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

