<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230411_10-K_edgar_data_700764_0001213900-23-028804.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5926312</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>210529</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1064510</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1952293</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1306843</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1216304</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-028804.hdr.sgml : 20230411
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230411144633
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-028804
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230411
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230411

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VICTORY OILFIELD TECH, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000700764
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				870564472
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55935
		FILM NUMBER:		23813184

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3355 BEE CAVES ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 608
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78746
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(512) 347-7300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3355 BEE CAVES ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 608
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78746

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VICTORY OILFIELD TECH, INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180605

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VICTORY ENERGY CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060505

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VICTORY CAPITAL HOLDINGS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030507

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-028804.txt : 20230411

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_victoryoilfield.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
DC 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from 
 to 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: - 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and
post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022, (the last business
day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the voting common equity
held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price of such stock was approximately based on
the closing price of such stock and such date of 0.43. 

The
number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value, as of April 11, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE None. 

VICTORY
OILFIELD TECH, INC. 

ANNUAL
REPORT ON 

FORM
10-K 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 4 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 14 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 14 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 14 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 15 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 16 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 16 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 17 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 30 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 30 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 30 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 30 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 32 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 32 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 33 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 37 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 38 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 39 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 39 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 40 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 42 

Signatures 
 43 

i 

INTRODUCTORY
NOTE 

Use
of Terms 

In
this report, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to we, us, our, 
and Company refer to Victory Oilfield Tech, Inc., a Nevada corporation, together with its wholly owned subsidiary, Pro-Tech
Hardbanding Services, Inc. from July 31, 2018, the date of acquisition. 

Cautionary
Notice Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

We
are including the following discussion to inform our existing and potential security holders generally of some of the risks and uncertainties
that can affect our Company and to take advantage of the safe harbor protection for forward-looking statements that applicable
federal securities law affords. 

From
time to time, our management or persons acting on our behalf may make forward-looking statements to inform existing and potential security
holders about our Company. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this report regarding our financial position,
business strategy, plans and objectives of management for future operations, industry conditions, and indebtedness covenant compliance
are forward-looking statements. When used in this report, forward-looking statements are generally accompanied by terms or phrases such
as estimate, project, predict, believe, expect, continue, 
 anticipate, target, could, plan, intend, seek, goal, 
 will, should, may or other words and similar expressions that convey the uncertainty of future
events or outcomes. Items contemplating or making assumptions about actual or potential future production and sales, cash flows, and
trends or operating results also constitute such forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking
statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, and important factors (many of which are beyond our Company s control) that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements, including the following: changes
in crude oil and natural gas prices, the pace of drilling and completions activity on our properties, our ability to acquire additional
development opportunities, potential or pending acquisition transactions, the projected capital efficiency savings and other operating
efficiencies and synergies resulting from our acquisition transactions, integration and benefits of property acquisitions, or the effects
of such acquisitions on our Company s cash position and levels of indebtedness, changes in our reserves estimates or the value
thereof, disruptions to our Company s business due to acquisitions and other significant transactions, general economic or industry
conditions, nationally and/or in the communities in which our Company conducts business, changes in the interest rate environment, legislation
or regulatory requirements, conditions of the securities markets, our ability to raise or access capital, changes in accounting principles,
policies or guidelines, financial or political instability, acts of war or terrorism, and other economic, competitive, governmental,
regulatory and technical factors affecting our Company s operations, products and prices, the COVID-19 pandemic and its related
economic repercussions and effect on the oil and natural gas industry, and the impact of recent inflationary pressures on the Company s
operations. 

We
have based any forward-looking statements on our current expectations and assumptions about future events. While our management considers
these expectations and assumptions to be reasonable, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive, regulatory
and other risks, contingencies and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Accordingly,
results actually achieved may differ materially from expected results described in these statements. Forward-looking statements speak
only as of the date they are made. You should consider carefully the statements in Item 1A. Risk Factors and other sections
of this report, which describe factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.
Our Company does not undertake, and specifically disclaims, any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events
or circumstances occurring after the date of such statements. 

Readers
are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We assume
no obligation to update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of
this report, other than as may be required by applicable law or regulation. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various
disclosures made by us in our reports filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC which attempt
to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash
flows. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results
may vary materially from those expected or projected. 

Please
refer to Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for
an additional cautionary notice regarding forward-looking statements. 

ii 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

We
are an Austin, Texas based publicly held oilfield energy technology products company focused on improving well performance and extending
the lifespan of the industry s most sophisticated and expensive equipment. America s resurgence in oil and gas production
is largely driven by new innovative technologies and processes as most dramatically and recently demonstrated by fracking. We provide
and apply wear-resistant alloys for use in the global oilfield services industry which are mechanically stronger, harder and more corrosion
resistant than typical alloys found in the market today. This combination of characteristics creates opportunities for drillers to dramatically
improve lateral drilling lengths, well completion time and total well costs. 

Our
wear-resistant alloys reduce drill-string torque, friction, wear and corrosion in a cost-effective manner, while protecting the integrity
of the base metal. We apply our coatings using advanced welding techniques and thermal spray methods. We also utilize common materials,
such as tungsten carbide to chromium carbide, to deliver the optimal solution to the customers. Some of our hardbanding processes protect
wear in tubulars using materials that achieve a low coefficient of friction to protect the drill string and casing from abrasion. 

We
plan to continue our U.S. oilfield services company acquisition initiative, aimed at companies which are already recognized as a high-quality
service providers to strategic customers in the major North American oil and gas basins. When completed, we expect that each of these
oilfield services company acquisitions will provide immediate revenue from their current regional customer base, while also providing
us with a foundation for channel distribution and product development of our existing products. We intend to grow each of these established
oilfield services companies by providing better access to capital, more disciplined sales and marketing development, integrated supply
chain logistics and infrastructure build out that emphasizes outstanding customer service and customer collaboration, future product
development and planning. 

We
believe that a well-capitalized technology-enabled oilfield services business will provide the basis for more accessible financing to
grow the Company and execute our oilfield services company acquisitions strategy. We anticipate new innovative products will come to
market as we collaborate with drillers to solve their other down-hole needs. 

Acquisition
of Pro-Tech Hardbanding Services, Inc. 

On
July 31, 2018, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement to purchase 100 of the issued and outstanding common stock of Pro-Tech
Hardbanding Services, Inc., Pro-Tech ), an Oklahoma corporation which is a hardbanding company servicing Oklahoma, Texas,
Kansas, Arkansas, Louisiana, and New Mexico. The Company believes that the acquisition of Pro-Tech will create opportunities to leverage
its existing portfolio of intellectual property to fulfill its mission of operating as a technology-focused oilfield services company.
The stock purchase agreement was included as Exhibit 10.1 on the Form 8-K filed by us on August 2, 2018. 

Our
Industry and Market 

The
following information excerpts were sourced from a September 2020 Anti-Corrosion Coatings Market Size Report, 2020-2027 
published by Grand View Research (Report ID: CVR-4-68039-128-0), available at www.grandviewresearch.com. 

The
global anti-corrosion coatings market size was valued at USD 27.2 billion in 2019 and is expected to grow at a compound annual growth
rate (CAGR) of 4.6 from 2020 to 2027. The rising demand for thin-walled durable metallic components in the manufacturing of lightweight
products, which are used in various industries including building and construction, automotive, marine, and oil gas is expected
to propel the market growth over the forecast period. Amid the global COVID-19 pandemic, the demand for anti-corrosion coatings has increased
primarily in the oil and gas and marine application industries owing to the reduced exploration and marine operation. The machines and
equipment that are not in operations need maintenance so as to avoid the degradation and rusting as such equipment has crude oil residual,
water, salt, and other chemicals, which cause corrosion. 

The
regional market is mainly dominated by North America and the Middle East and Africa, with the presence of major oil and gas exploration
markets such as the U.S. and Saudi Arabia. Government initiatives coupled with infrastructural developments in these countries are further
propelling the growth of the market in these regions. 

1 

Sector
Insights 

The
upstream sector of the oil and gas industry involves activities such as exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas. These
activities primarily include drilling of exploratory wells, making requisite operations and bringing natural gas and other products to
the ground surface. For these activities, various components require protection as they get older. Carbon steel is extensively used in
this industry especially for pipelines and it freely corrodes when it comes into contact with water, which is produced with the natural
gas and crude oil from underwater reservoirs. 

The
midstream sector consists of transportation activity of crude oil and natural gas. These products are transported by various mediums
including pipelines, tankers, tank cars, and trucks. The outer surface of the tanks or pipelines is protected from the atmospheric corrosion
with the help of coatings and cathodic protection. 

In
the downstream sector, during the refinery operations, most of the corrosion occurs due to the presence of water, H2S, CO2, sodium chloride
and sulfuric acid. In downstream, deterioration occurs due to curing agents those are present in crude oil or feedstock and are associated
with process or control. To prevent such corrosion, various products including coatings, inhibitors, cathodic protection and paints are
used. 

Regional
Insights 

North
America and the Middle East and African regions are projected to contribute to market growth in coming years primarily fueled by the
need for transportation/supply infrastructure and technological innovations for the corrosion detection in various countries including
the U.S., Canada, Saudi Arabia, UAE, and others. The applications in oil and gas sector such upstream, midstream and downstream have
been experiencing significant growth in these countries over the past few years. 

Our
Products and Services 

In
today s harsher drilling environment, exploration and productions companies are seeking new methods and technologies for reducing
drill-string torque and down-hole friction when drilling long laterals. Without a comprehensive solution, drill pipe, tubing, tool joints
and drill string mid-sections will suffer from aggressive wear that will negatively impact drilling torque, friction, time to complete
and total drilling costs. Our wear-resistant alloys will solve these problems. Our goal is to help drillers across the major oil and
gas basins of North America create better oil and gas well outcomes and lower total well costs when drilling long laterals. Our initial
product line will be focused on tubing and drill-pipe metal coating products, RFID enclosure products and other services that provide
protection and friction reduction for nearly every metal component of a drilling operation. 

With
hardness that can range from 900 to 1500 Vickers, our coatings products will be 3 to 5 times harder than normal metals such as titanium
and steel. Oilfield products protected by our wear-resistant alloys are lasting two to ten times longer than other coated products in
field applications. Additionally, our coatings products will deliver a friction coefficient of 0.05 to 0.12, similar to the smoothness
of Teflon. 

With
the acquisition of Pro-Tech, a hardbanding service provider servicing Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Arkansas, Louisiana, and New Mexico, we
believe we will create opportunities to leverage our existing portfolio of intellectual property to fulfill our mission of operating
as a technology-focused oilfield services company. 

Our
Competitors 

The
key players in the global market include The 3M Company, AkzoNobel N.V, Jotun A/S, Hempel A/S, Arkerma Group Axalta Coating System
Ltd., The Sherwin-Williams Company, Kansai Paints Co. Ltd., Nippon Paints, RPM International, Inc., Aegion Corporation, Ashland
Inc., Beckers Group, and BASF SE. The industry is characterized by mergers and acquisitions as the players are focusing on
increasing their market presence. 

Our
Growth Strategies 

Our
goal is to continue to expand the range of oil and gas product solutions that we deliver to the global oilfield services industry. 

Our
 Company will continue to pursue U.S. oilfield services company acquisition initiative, as appropriate, aimed at companies who are
 already recognized as a high-quality services provider to strategic customers in the major north American oil and gas basins. When
 completed, each of these oilfield services company acquisitions will provide immediate revenue from their current regional customer
 base, while also providing us with a foundation for channel distribution and product development of our existing products and services.
 We intend to grow each of these established oilfield services companies by providing better access to capital, more disciplined sales
 and marketing development, integrated supply chain logistics and infrastructure build out that emphasizes outstanding customer service
 and customer collaboration future product development and planning. 

We
 believe that a well-capitalized technology-enabled oilfield services business will provide the basis for more accessible financing
 to grow our Company and execute our oilfield services company acquisitions strategy. 

2 

We
 plan to establish full-service facilities in each major geographic area of drilling with products and services such as pipe coating
 services, hardbanding, inspection services, and machining and thread repair. 

We
 believe that the current environment in the oil and gas industry can provide the potential for opportunistic acquisitions at reasonable
 valuations. 

Governmental
Regulation 

Our
business is impacted by federal, state and local laws and other regulations relating to the oil and natural gas industry, as well as
laws and regulations relating to worker safety and environmental protection. We cannot predict the level of enforcement of existing laws
and regulations or how such laws and regulations may be interpreted by enforcement agencies or court rulings, whether additional laws
and regulations will be adopted, or the effect such changes may have on us, our business or financial condition. 

In
addition, our customers are impacted by laws and regulations relating to the exploration for and production of natural resources such
as oil and natural gas. These regulations are subject to change, and new regulations may curtail or eliminate our customers activities
in certain areas where we currently operate. We cannot determine the extent to which new legislation may impact our customers 
activity levels, and ultimately, the demand for our services. 

Environmental
Matters 

Our
operations, and those of our customers, will be subject to extensive laws, regulations and treaties relating to air and water quality,
generation, storage and handling of hazardous materials, and emission and discharge of materials into the environment. We believe we
are in substantial compliance with all regulations affecting our business. Historically, our expenditures in furtherance of our compliance
with these laws, regulations and treaties have not been material, and we do not expect the cost of compliance to be material in the future. 

Employees 

We
have eight full-time employees as of April 11, 2023. We believe that our relationships with our employees are satisfactory, and we enjoy
low turnover. We support diversity in our workforce and are committed to safety in the workplace and compliance with applicable regulatory
and legal requirements. We utilize the services of independent contractors to perform various daily operational and administrative duties. 

Seasonal
Trends 

We
have not experienced and do not expect to experience seasonal trends in future business operations. 

Our
Corporate History 

Our
Company was organized under the laws of the State of Nevada on January 7, 1982 under the name All Things Inc. On March 21, 1985, our
Company s name was changed to New Environmental Technologies Corporation. On April 28, 2003, our Company s name was changed
to Victory Capital Holdings Corporation. On May 3, 2006, our Company s name was changed to Victory Energy Corporation. On May 29,
2018, our Company s name was changed to Victory Oilfield Tech, Inc. 

From
inception until 2004, we had no material business operations. In 2004, we began the search for the acquisition of assets, property or
businesses that could benefit our Company and its stockholders. In 2005, management determined that we should focus on projects in the
oil and gas industry. 

In
January 2008, we and Navitus Energy Group Navitus established Aurora Energy Partners Aurora ). Prior to
the Divesture of Aurora described below we were the managing partner of Aurora and held a 50 partnership interest in Aurora. All of
our oil and natural gas operations were conducted through Aurora. 

On
August 21, 2017, we entered into the Divestiture Agreement with Navitus, and on September 14, 2017, we entered into Amendment No. 1 to
the Divestiture Agreement. Pursuant to the Divestiture Agreement, as amended, we agreed to divest and transfer our 50 ownership interest
in Aurora to Navitus, which owned the remaining 50 interest. 

On
July 31, 2018, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement to purchase 100 of the issued and outstanding common stock of Pro-Tech
Hardbanding Services, Inc., Pro-Tech ), an Oklahoma corporation which is a hardbanding company servicing Oklahoma, Texas,
Kansas, Arkansas, Louisiana, and New Mexico. 

3 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Our
business is subject to a number of risks including, but not limited to, those described below: 

Risks
Related to Health Epidemics and other Outbreaks 

We
face various risks related to health epidemics and other outbreaks, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We
face various risks related to health epidemics and other outbreaks, including the global outbreak of coronavirus COVID-19 ).
The COVID-19 pandemic, changes in customer behavior related to illness, pandemic fears and market downturns, and restrictions intended
to slow the spread of COVID-19, including quarantines, government-mandated actions, stay-at-home orders and other restrictions, have
led to disruption and volatility in the global capital markets, which has adversely affected our ability to access the capital markets. 

In
addition, the COVID-19 pandemic and restrictions intended to slow the spread of COVID-19 may adversely affect our business in a number
of ways. 

If
significant portions of our workforce are unable to work effectively as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including because of illness,
quarantines, facility closures, ineffective remote work arrangements or technology failures or limitations, our operations would be adversely
impacted. Certain of our third-party suppliers and business partners that we rely on to deliver our products and services and to operate
our business could inform us that they will be unable to perform fully, which could adversely impact our ability to operate our business
and increase our costs and expenses. These increased costs and expenses may not be fully recoverable or adequately covered by insurance. 

The
foregoing impacts and other unforeseen impacts not referenced herein, as well as the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, are difficult
to predict. While we have seen a return to more stable quarter-over-quarter demand for our services, we remain cognizant of future COVID-19
developments, such as impacts from new variants, employee absenteeism, lockdowns or other restrictions, that could materially impact
our future results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Risks
Related to Our Business, Industry, and Strategy 

We
have substantial liabilities that will require that we raise additional financing to continue operations. Such financing may be
available on less advantageous terms, if at all. Additional financing may result in substantial dilution. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 73,636 of cash, total current assets of 289,618, current liabilities of 4,135,547 and a working capital
deficit of (3,845,929). Our current liabilities mainly include short-term notes payable, and to a lesser extent, accounts payable. We
are currently unable to pay all of our accounts payable. If any material creditor decides to commence legal action to collect from us,
it could jeopardize our ability to continue in business. 

We
will be required to seek additional debt or equity financing in order to pay our current liabilities and to support our anticipated operations.
We may not be able to obtain additional financing on satisfactory terms, or at all, and any new equity financing could have a substantial
dilutive effect on our existing stockholders. If our cash on hand, cash flows from operating activities, and borrowings under our credit
facility are not sufficient to fund our capital expenditures, we may be required to refinance or restructure our debt, if possible, sell
assets, or reduce or delay acquisitions or capital investments, even if publicly announced. If we cannot obtain additional financing,
we will not be able to conduct the operating activities that we need to generate revenue to cover our costs, and our results of operations
would be negatively affected. 

There
is substantial uncertainty we will continue operations in which case you could lose your investment. 

We
have determined that there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an ongoing business for the next 12 months. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the uncertainty about our ability to continue in business. As such we may have
to cease operations and you could lose your entire investment. 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization
of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. As presented in the financial statements, we have incurred
losses of 341,739 and 260,859 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Loans
from affiliates have allowed us to continue operations. We anticipate that operating losses will continue in the near term until we begin
to operate as a technology focused oilfield services business. 

4 

Our
ability to achieve and maintain profitability and positive cash flow is dependent upon: 

Our
 ability to raise capital to fund our operations, working capital needs, capital expenses and potential acquisitions; 

The
 success of our oilfield services acquisition initiative; 

Our
 ability to establish full service facilities in each major geographic area of drilling with products and services such are RFID enclosures,
 pipe coating services, hardbanding, inspection services, and machining and thread repair; and 

Our
 ability to develop life cycle management services, providing drill pipe asset tracking from cradle to grave, predictive maintenance
 modeling, collection and maintenance of all service history and delivery of this data-driven software tool to customers via cloud-based
 systems. 

Based
upon current plans, we expect to incur operating losses in future periods as we will be incurring expenses and not generating significant
revenues. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in generating significant revenues in the future. Failure to generate revenues
that are greater than our expenses could result in the loss of all or a portion of your investment. 

We
plan to operate in a highly competitive industry, with intense price competition, which may intensify as our competitors expand their
operations. 

The
market for oilfield services in which we plan to operate is highly competitive and includes numerous small companies capable of competing
effectively in our markets on a local basis, as well as several large companies that possess substantially greater financial resources
than we do. Contracts are traditionally awarded on the basis of competitive bids or direct negotiations with customers. The principal
competitive factors in our markets are product and service quality and availability, responsiveness, experience, equipment quality, reputation
for safety and price. The competitive environment has intensified as recent mergers among exploration and production companies have reduced
the number of available customers. The fact that drilling rigs and other vehicles and oilfield services equipment are mobile and can
be moved from one market to another in response to market conditions heightens the competition in the industry. We may be competing for
work against competitors that may be better able to withstand industry downturns and may be better suited to compete on the basis of
price, retain skilled personnel and acquire new equipment and technologies, all of which could affect our revenue and profitability. 

Downturns
in the oil and gas industry, including the oilfield services business, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
or results of operations. 

The
oil and gas industry is highly cyclical and demand for most our future oilfield services and products will be substantially dependent
on the level of expenditures by the oil and gas industry for the exploration, development and production of crude oil and natural gas
reserves, which are sensitive to oil and natural gas prices and generally dependent on the industry s view of future oil and gas
prices. There are numerous factors affecting the supply of and demand for our future services and products, which are summarized as: 

general
 and economic business conditions; 

market
 prices of oil and gas and expectations about future prices; 

cost
 of producing and the ability to deliver oil and natural gas; 

the
 level of drilling and production activity; 

mergers,
 consolidations and downsizing among our future clients or acquisition targets; 

coordination
 by OPEC; 

the
 impact of commodity prices on the expenditure levels of our future clients or acquisition targets; 

financial
 condition of our client base and their ability to fund capital expenditures; 

the
 physical effects of climatic change, including adverse weather, such as increased frequency or severity of storms, droughts and floods,
 or geologic/geophysical conditions; 

5 

the
 adoption of legal requirements or taxation, including, for example, a carbon tax, relating to climate change that lowers the demand
 for petroleum-based fuels; 

civil
 unrest or political uncertainty in oil producing or consuming countries; 

level
 of consumption of oil, gas and petrochemicals by consumers; 

changes
 in existing laws, regulations, or other governmental actions, including temporary or permanent moratoria on hydraulic fracturing
 or offshore drilling, or shareholder activism or governmental rulemakings or agreements to restrict greenhouse gas emissions, or
 GHGs, which developments could have an adverse impact on the oil and gas industry and/or demand for our future services; 

the
 business opportunities (or lack thereof) that may be presented to and pursued by us; 

availability
 of services and materials for our future clients or acquisition targets to grow their capital expenditures; 

ability
 of our future clients or acquisition targets to deliver product to market; 

availability
 of materials and equipment from key suppliers; and 

cyber-attacks
 on our network that disrupt operations or result in lost or compromised critical data. 

The
oil and gas industry has historically experienced periodic downturns, which have been characterized by diminished demand for oilfield
services and products and downward pressure on pricing. A significant downturn in the oil and gas industry could result in a reduction
in demand for oilfield services and could adversely affect our future operating results. 

Our
business could be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and political conditions, which in turn, can negatively impact our ability
 to generate returns to you. 

Our
business and operations are sensitive to general business and economic conditions in the United States. Factors beyond our control could
cause fluctuations resulting in adverse conditions, such as heightened inflation. Sustained inflationary pressures resulted in the Federal
Reserve Board increasing interest rates significantly during 2022, and the Federal Reserve Board has continued to raise interest rates
in 2023. To the extent such conditions worsen, it may negatively impact our ability to generate returns to you. 

In
addition, national and regional economies and financial markets have become increasingly interconnected, which increases the possibilities
that conditions in one country, region, or market might adversely impact issuers in a different country, region, or market. Major economic
or political disruptions, such as the slowing economy in China, the war in Ukraine and sanctions on Russia, and a potential economic
slowdown in the United Kingdom and Europe, may have global negative economic and market repercussions. Russia s conflict with Ukraine
and the sanctions and other measures imposed by various governments in response to this conflict have increased the level of economic
and political uncertainty globally. A significant escalation or expansion of economic disruption or countries subject to sanctions or
the conflict s scope could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Our
oilfield services business depends on domestic drilling activity and spending by the oil and natural gas industry in the United States.
The level of oil and natural gas exploration and production activity in the United States is volatile and we may be adversely affected
by industry conditions that are beyond our control. 

We
depend on our future customers willingness to make expenditures to explore for and to develop and produce oil and natural gas
in the United States. We cannot accurately predict which or what level of our future services and products our clients will need in the
future. Our future customers willingness to undertake these activities depends largely upon prevailing industry conditions that
are influenced by numerous factors over which management has no control, such as: 

domestic
 and worldwide economic conditions, including inflation; 

the
 supply and demand for oil and natural gas; 

the
 level of prices, and expectations about future prices, of oil and natural gas; 

the
 cost of exploring for, developing, producing and delivering oil and natural gas; 

6 

the
 expected rates of declining current production; 

the
 discovery rates of new oil and natural gas reserves; 

available
 pipeline, storage and other transportation capacity; 

federal,
 state and local regulation of exploration and drilling activities; 

weather
 conditions, including hurricanes that can affect oil and natural gas operations over a wide area; 

political
 instability in oil and natural gas producing countries; 

technical
 advances affecting energy consumption; 

the
 price and availability of alternative fuels; 

the
 ability of oil and natural gas producers to raise equity capital and debt financing; and 

merger
 and divestiture activity among oil and natural gas producers. 

We
expect that our revenues will be generated from customers or acquisition targets who are engaged in drilling for and producing oil and
natural gas. Developments that adversely affect oil and natural gas drilling and production services could adversely affect our customers 
demand for our products and services, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Current and anticipated oil and natural gas prices, the related level of drilling activity, and general production spending in the areas
in which we plan to have operations are the primary drivers of demand for our future services. The level of oil and natural gas exploration
and production activity in the United States is volatile and this volatility could have a material adverse effect on the level of activity
by our future customers. Any reduction by our future customers of activity levels may adversely affect the prices that we can charge
or collect for our services. In addition, any prolonged substantial reduction in oil and natural gas prices would likely affect oil and
natural gas production levels and, therefore, affect demand for the services we plan to provide. Moreover, a decrease in the development
rate of oil and natural gas reserves in our acquisition targets market areas, whether due to increased governmental regulation
of or limitations on exploration and drilling activity or other factors, may also have an adverse impact on our business, even in an
environment of stronger oil and natural gas prices. 

Our
planned operations are subject to hazards inherent in the oil and natural gas industry. 

The
operational risks inherent in our industry could expose us to substantial liability for personal injury, wrongful death, property damage,
loss of oil and natural gas production, pollution and other environmental damages. The frequency and severity of such incidents will
affect our operating costs, insurability and relationships with customers, employees and regulators. In particular, our customers may
elect not to retain our future services if they view our safety record as unacceptable, which could cause us to lose substantial revenue.
We do not have insurance against all foreseeable risks, either because insurance is not available or because of the high premium costs.
We evaluate certain of our risks and insurance coverage annually. After carefully weighing the costs, risks, and benefits of retaining
versus insuring various risks, we occasionally opt to retain certain risks not covered by our insurance policies. The occurrence of an
event not fully insured against, or the failure of an insurer to meet its insurance obligations, could result in substantial losses.
In addition, we may not be able to maintain adequate insurance in the future at rates we consider reasonable and there can be no assurance
that insurance will be available to cover any or all of these risks, or, even if available, that it will be adequate or that insurance
premiums or other costs will not rise significantly in the future, making such insurance costs prohibitive. In addition, our insurance
is subject to coverage limits and some policies exclude coverage for damages resulting from environmental contamination. 

We
may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions or divestitures. 

We
continually seek opportunities to increase efficiency and value through various transactions, including purchases or sales of assets
or businesses. We intend to pursue our U.S. oilfield services company acquisition initiative, aimed at companies who are already recognized
as a high- quality services provider to strategic customers in the major North American oil and gas basins. These transactions are intended
to result in the offering of new services or products, the entry into new markets, the generation of income or cash, the creation of
efficiencies or the reduction of risk. Whether we realize the anticipated benefits from an acquisition or any other transactions depends,
in part, upon our ability to timely and efficiently integrate the operations of the acquired business, the performance of the underlying
product and service portfolio, and the management team and other personnel of the acquired operations. Accordingly, our financial results
could be adversely affected from unanticipated performance issues, legacy liabilities, transaction-related charges, amortization of expenses
related to intangibles, charges for impairment of long-term assets, credit guarantees, partner performance and indemnifications. In addition,
the financing of any future acquisition completed by us could adversely impact our capital structure or increase our leverage. While
we believe that we have established appropriate and adequate procedures and processes to mitigate these risks, there is no assurance
that these transactions will be successful. We also may make strategic divestitures from time to time. These transactions may result
in continued financial involvement in the divested businesses, such as guarantees or other financial arrangements, following the transaction.
Nonperformance by those divested businesses could affect our future financial results through additional payment obligations, higher
costs or asset write- downs. Except as required by law or applicable securities exchange listing standards, which would only apply when,
and if, we are listed on a national securities exchange, we do not expect to ask our shareholders to vote on any proposed acquisition
or divestiture. Moreover, we generally do not announce our acquisitions or divestitures until we have entered into a definitive agreement
for an acquisition or divestiture. 

7 

There
are risks relating to our acquisition strategy. If we are unable to successfully integrate and manage businesses that we plan to acquire
in the future, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

One
of our key business strategies is to acquire technologies, operations and assets that are complementary to our existing businesses. There
are financial, operational and legal risks inherent in any acquisition strategy, including: 

increased
 financial leverage; 

ability
 to obtain additional financing; 

increased
 interest expense; and 

difficulties
 involved in combining disparate company cultures and facilities. 

The
success of any completed acquisition will depend on our ability to effectively integrate the acquired business into our existing operations.
The process of integrating acquired businesses may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our managerial
and financial resources. In addition, possible future acquisitions may be larger and for purchase prices significantly higher than those
paid for earlier acquisitions. No assurance can be given that we will be able to continue to identify additional suitable acquisition
opportunities, negotiate acceptable terms, obtain financing for acquisitions on acceptable terms or successfully acquire identified targets.
Our failure to achieve consolidation savings, to incorporate the acquired businesses and assets into our existing operations successfully
or to minimize any unforeseen operational difficulties could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operation. 

If
we are not successful in continuing to grow our oilfield services business, then we may have to scale back or even cease our ongoing
business operations. 

Our
success is significantly dependent on our U.S. oilfield services company acquisition initiative, aimed at service companies who are recognized
as a high-quality services provider to strategic customers in the major North American oil and gas basins. When and if completed, these
oilfield services company acquisitions are expected to provide immediate revenue from their current regional customer base, while also
providing us with a foundation for channel distribution and product development of our amorphous alloy technology products. We may be
unable to locate suitable companies or operate on a profitable basis. If our business plan is not successful, and we are not able to
operate profitably, investors may lose some or all of their investment in our Company. 

We
depend on key management personnel and technical experts. The loss of key employees or access to third party technical expertise could
impact our ability to execute our business. 

If
we lose the services of the senior management, or access to independent land men, geologists and reservoir engineers with whom we have
strategic relationships during our transition period, our ability to function and grow could suffer, in turn, negatively affecting our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Effective
April 17, 2019, Mr. Kenneth Hill resigned as the Company s Chief Executive Officer, interim Chief Financial Officer, Secretary,
Treasurer and member of the Board of Directors. On April 23, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors appointed Mr. Kevin DeLeon
as interim Chief Executive Officer and interim Secretary of the Company until a permanent replacement is appointed. Mr. DeLeon has assumed
the duties of these positions effective immediately. If we are not able to find a qualified permanent replacement for these positions,
it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to effectively pursue our business strategy and our relationships with advertisers
and content partners. Leadership transitions can be inherently difficult to manage and may cause uncertainty or a disruption to our business
or may increase the likelihood of turnover of other key officers and employees. 

8 

We
depend on computer and telecommunications systems, and failures in our systems or cyber security attacks could significantly disrupt
our business operations. 

We
have entered into agreements with third parties for hardware, software, telecommunications and other information technology services
in connection with our business. In addition, we have developed or may develop proprietary software systems, management techniques and
other information technologies incorporating software licensed from third parties. It is possible that we, or these third parties, could
incur interruptions from cyber security attacks, computer viruses or malware (including ransomware), or that third party service providers
could cause a breach of our data. Any interruptions to our arrangements with third parties for our computing and communications infrastructure
or any other interruptions to, or breaches of, our information systems could lead to data corruption, communication interruption, loss
of sensitive or confidential information or otherwise significantly disrupt our business operations. There can be no assurance that the
procedures and controls that we utilize to monitor, and mitigate our exposure to, these threats will be sufficient in preventing security
threats from materializing. To our knowledge we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks; however, there can
be no assurance that we will not suffer material losses in the future either as a result of an interruption to or a breach of our systems
or those of our third party vendors and service providers. 

Severe
weather could have a material adverse effect on our future business. 

Our
business could be materially and adversely affected by severe weather. Our future clients or acquisition targets with oil and natural
gas operations located in various parts of the United States may be adversely affected by hurricanes and storms, resulting in reduced
demand for our future services. Furthermore, our future clients or acquisition targets may be adversely affected by seasonal weather
conditions. Adverse weather can also directly impede our own future operations. Repercussions of severe weather conditions may include: 

curtailment
 of services; 

weather-related
 damage to facilities and equipment, resulting in suspension of operations; 

inability
 to deliver equipment, personnel and products to job sites in accordance with contract schedules; and 

loss
 of productivity. 

These
constraints could delay our future operations and materially increase our operating and capital costs. Unusually warm winters may also
adversely affect the demand for our services by decreasing the demand for natural gas. 

We
are subject to federal, state and local regulation regarding issues of health, safety and protection of the environment. Under these
regulations, we may become liable for penalties, damages or costs of remediation. Any changes in laws and government regulations could
increase our costs of doing business. 

Our
operations and the operations of our customers are subject to extensive and frequently changing regulations. More stringent legislation,
regulation or taxation of drilling activity could directly curtail such activity or increase the cost of drilling, resulting in reduced
levels of drilling activity and therefore reduced demand for our services. Numerous federal, state and local departments and agencies
are authorized by statute to issue, and have issued, rules and regulations binding upon participants in the oil and gas industry. Our
operations and the markets in which we participate are affected by these laws and regulations and may be affected by changes to such
laws and regulations in the future, which may cause us to incur materially increased operating costs or realize materially lower revenue,
or both. 

Laws
protecting the environment generally have become more stringent over time and are expected to continue to do so, which could lead to
material increases in costs for future environmental compliance and remediation. The modification or interpretation of existing laws
or regulations, or the adoption of new laws or regulations, could curtail exploratory or developmental drilling for oil and natural gas
and could limit well site services opportunities. Additionally, environmental groups have advocated increased regulation in certain areas
in which we currently operate or in which we may operate in the future. These initiatives could lead to more stringent permitting requirements,
increased regulation, possible enforcement actions against the regulated community, and a moratorium or delays on permitting, which could
adversely affect our well site service opportunities. 

Some
environmental laws and regulations may impose strict liability, which means that in some situations we could be exposed to liability
as a result of our conduct that was lawful at the time it occurred as a result of conduct of, or conditions caused by, prior operators
or other third parties. Clean-up costs and other damages, arising as a result of environmental laws, and costs associated with changes
in environmental laws and regulations could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. In addition,
the occurrence of a significant event not fully insured or indemnified against could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and operations. 

9 

Increased
regulation of hydraulic fracturing could result in reductions or delays in oil and gas production by our customers, which could adversely
impact our revenue. 

We
anticipate that a significant portion of our customers oil and gas production will be developed from unconventional sources, such
as shales, that require hydraulic fracturing as part of the completion process. Hydraulic fracturing involves the injection of water,
sand and chemicals under pressure into the formation to stimulate production. We do not engage in any hydraulic fracturing activities
ourselves although many of our customers may do so. If additional levels of regulation and permits were required through the adoption
of new laws and regulations at the federal or state level that could lead to delays, increased operating costs and prohibitions for our
customers, such regulations could reduce demand for our services and materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

Climate
change legislation, regulatory initiatives and litigation could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the services
we provide. 

In
recent years, the U.S. Congress has considered legislation to restrict or regulate greenhouse gases GHGs ), such as carbon
dioxide and methane that may be contributing to global warming. In addition, almost half of the states, either individually or through
multi-state regional initiatives, have begun to address GHGs, primarily through the planned development of emission inventories or regional
GHG cap and trade programs. 

Although
it is not possible at this time to accurately estimate how potential future laws or regulations addressing GHGs would impact our business,
either directly or indirectly, any future federal or state laws or implementing regulations that may be adopted to address GHGs could
require us to incur increased operating costs and could adversely affect demand for the natural gas our customers extract using our services.
Moreover, incentives to conserve energy or use alternative energy sources could reduce demand for oil and natural gas, resulting in a
decrease in demand for our services. We cannot predict with any certainty at this time how these possibilities may affect our operations. 

Oilfield
anti-indemnity provisions enacted by many states may restrict or prohibit a party s indemnification of us. 

We
plan to enter into agreements with our customers governing the provision of our services, which usually will include certain indemnification
provisions for losses resulting from operations. Such agreements may require each party to indemnify the other against certain claims
regardless of the negligence or other fault of the indemnified party; however, many states place limitations on contractual indemnity
agreements, particularly agreements that indemnify a party against the consequences of its own negligence. Furthermore, certain states
have enacted statutes generally referred to as oilfield anti-indemnity acts expressly prohibiting certain indemnity agreements
contained in or related to oilfield services agreements. Such oilfield anti-indemnity acts may restrict or void a party s indemnification
of us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Delays
in obtaining permits by our future customers or acquisition targets for their operations could impair our business. 

Our
future customers or acquisition targets are required to obtain permits from one or more governmental agencies in order to perform drilling
and/or completion activities. Such permits are typically required by state agencies but can also be required by federal and local governmental
agencies. The requirements for such permits vary depending on the location where such drilling and completion activities will be conducted.
As with all governmental permitting processes, there is a degree of uncertainty as to whether a permit will be granted, the time it will
take for a permit to be issued and the conditions that may be imposed in connection with the granting of the permit. Certain regulatory
authorities have delayed or suspended the issuance of permits while the potential environmental impacts associated with issuing such
permits can be studied and appropriate mitigation measures evaluated. Permitting delays, an inability to obtain new permits or revocation
of our future customers or acquisition targets current permits could cause a loss of revenue and could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Gas
drilling and production operations require adequate sources of water to facilitate the fracturing process and the disposal of that water
when it flows back to the wellbore. If our future customers or acquisition targets are unable to obtain adequate water supplies and dispose
of the water we use or remove at a reasonable cost and within applicable environmental rules, it may have an adverse impact on our business. 

New
environmental regulations governing the withdrawal, storage and use of surface water or groundwater necessary for hydraulic fracturing
of wells may increase our customers operating costs and cause delays, interruptions or termination of operations, the extent of
which cannot be predicted, all of which could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial performance. Water that is used
to fracture gas wells must be removed when it flows back to the wellbore. Our future customers or acquisition targets ability
to remove and dispose of water will affect production and the cost of water treatment and disposal and may affect their profitability.
The imposition of new environmental initiatives and regulations could include restrictions on our customers ability to conduct
hydraulic fracturing or disposal of waste, including produced water, drilling fluids and other wastes associated with the exploration,
development and production of hydrocarbons. This may have an adverse impact on our business. 

10 

If
we are unable to obtain patents, licenses and other intellectual property rights covering our services and products, our operating results
may be adversely affected. 

Our
success depends, in part, on our ability to obtain patents, licenses and other intellectual property rights covering our services and
products. To that end, we have obtained certain patents and intend to continue to seek patents on some of our inventions, services and
products. While we have patented some of our key technologies, we do not patent all of our proprietary technology, even when regarded
as patentable. The process of seeking patent protection can be long and expensive. There can be no assurance that patents will be issued
from currently pending or future applications or that, if patents are issued, they will be of sufficient scope or strength to provide
meaningful protection or any commercial advantage to us. In addition, effective copyright and trade secret protection may be unavailable
or limited in certain countries. Litigation, which could demand significant financial and management resources, may be necessary to enforce
our patents or other intellectual property rights. Also, there can be no assurance that we can obtain licenses or other rights to necessary
intellectual property on acceptable terms. 

If
we are not able to develop or acquire new products or our products become technologically obsolete, our results of operations may be
adversely affected. 

The
market for our future services and products is characterized by changing technology and product introduction. As a result, our success
is dependent upon our ability to develop or acquire new services and products on a cost-effective basis and to introduce them into the
marketplace in a timely manner. While we intend to continue committing substantial financial resources and effort to the development
of new services and products, we may not be able to successfully differentiate our future services and products from those of our competitors.
Our future clients may not consider our proposed services and products to be of value to them; or if the proposed services and products
are of a competitive nature, our clients may not view them as superior to our competitors services and products. In addition,
we may not be able to adapt to evolving markets and technologies, develop new products, or achieve and maintain technological advantages. 

If
we are unable to continue developing competitive products in a timely manner in response to changes in technology, our future business
and operating results may be materially and adversely affected. In addition, continuing development of new products inherently carries
the risk of inventory obsolescence with respect to our older products. 

Our
ability to conduct our business might be negatively impacted if we experience difficulties with outsourcing and similar third-party relationships. 

We
plan to outsource certain business and administrative functions and rely on third parties to perform certain services on our behalf.
We may do so increasingly in the future. If we fail to develop and implement our outsourcing strategies, such strategies prove to be
ineffective or fail to provide expected cost savings, or our third-party providers fail to perform as anticipated, we may experience
operational difficulties, increased costs, reputational damage and a loss of business that may have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to develop or maintain an effective
system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results and prevent fraud. As a result, current and
potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial statements, which would harm the trading price of our common stock. 

Companies
that file reports with the SEC, including us, are subject to the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or SOX
404. SOX 404 requires management to establish and maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting and annual reports on
Form 10-K filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, to contain a report from management assessing
the effectiveness of a company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Separately,
under SOX 404, as amended by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, public companies that are large accelerated
filers or accelerated filers must include in their annual reports on Form 10-K an attestation report of their regular auditors attesting
to and reporting on management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting. Non-accelerated filers and smaller reporting
companies, like us, are not required to include an attestation report of their auditors in annual reports. 

A
report of our management is included under Item 9A Controls and Procedures. We are a smaller reporting company and, consequently,
are not required to include an attestation report of our auditor in our annual report. However, if and when we become subject to the
auditor attestation requirements under SOX 404, we can provide no assurance that we will receive a positive attestation from our independent
auditors. 

11 

During
its evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, management identified material
weaknesses. These material weaknesses were associated with our lack of sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions,
lack of documentation for certain expense transactions, and our lack of sufficient oversight over cyber security. We are undertaking
remedial measures, which measures will take time and capital to implement and test, to address these material weaknesses. There can be
no assurance that such measures will be sufficient to remedy the material weaknesses identified or that additional material weaknesses
or other control or significant deficiencies will not be identified in the future. If we continue to experience material weaknesses in
our internal controls or fail to maintain or implement required new or improved controls, such circumstances could cause us to fail to
meet our periodic reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in our financial statements, or adversely affect the results
of periodic management evaluations and, if required, annual auditor attestation reports. Each of the foregoing results could cause investors
to lose confidence in our reported financial information and lead to a decline in our stock price. See Item 9A Controls and Procedures 
for more information. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Because
we did not timely comply with our SEC filing obligations, our common stock was downgraded to the OTC Pink Market which may limit our
trading market and may adversely affect the liquidity of our common stock. 

We
did not timely file with the SEC our quarterly and annual reports during 2019 and 2020 and our quarterly reports for the
first and second quarters of 2021. As a consequence, our common stock was moved from the OTCQB Venture Market to the OTC Pink Market,
which is a more limited market than the OTCQB marketplace. Securities on the Pink Market are more volatile, and the risk to investors
is greater. The quotation of our common stock on the OTC Pink Market may result in a less liquid market available for existing and potential
stockholders to trade shares of our common stock, could depress the trading price of our common stock and could have an adverse impact
on our ability to raise capital in the future. 

We
intend to reapply to the OTC Markets Group for our common stock to trade on the OTCQB, which application may or may not be
approved. There can be no assurance that there will be a more active market for our shares of common stock either now or in the future
or that stockholders will be able to liquidate their investment or liquidate it at a price that reflects the value of the business. As
a result, our stockholders may not find purchasers for our securities should they desire to sell them. 

On
September 16, 2020, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC adopted extensive amendments to Rule 15c2-11 Rule under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ). The Rule governs the publication of quotations for securities
in the over-the-counter OTC market, including the OTC Pink Market where our common stock is quoted. Rule 15c2-11 makes
it unlawful for a broker-dealer to initiate a quotation for a security unless the broker dealer has in its records prescribed information
about the issuer that is current and publicly available. The lack of full time accounting personnel and financial constraints resulting
in delayed payments to our external professional services providers have restricted our ability to gather, analyze and properly review
information related to financial reporting in a timely manner. 

The
price of our common stock could experience significant volatility. 

The
market price for our common stock could fluctuate due to various factors. In addition to other factors described in this section, these
factors may include, among others: 

conversion
 of outstanding stock options or warrants; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of new investments; 

developments
 in existing or new litigation; 

changes
 in government regulations; 

fluctuations
 in our quarterly and annual operating results; and 

general
 market and economic conditions, including recent inflationary pressures. 

In
addition, the stock markets have, in recent years, experienced significant volume and price fluctuations. These fluctuations often have
been unrelated to the operating performance of the specific companies whose stock is traded. Market prices and the trading volume of
our stock may continue to experience significant fluctuations due to the matters described above, as well as economic and political conditions
in the United States and worldwide, investors attitudes towards our business prospects, and changes in the interests of the investing
community. As a result, the market price of our common stock has been and may continue to be adversely affected and our stockholders
may not be able to sell their shares or to sell them at desired prices. 

12 

We
may be subject to penny stock regulations and restrictions and you may have difficulty selling shares of our common stock. 

The
SEC has adopted regulations which generally define so-called penny stocks to be an equity security that has a market price
less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exemptions. Our common stock is a penny
stock and is subject to Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act. This rule imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers
that sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally, individuals
with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual incomes exceeding 200,000, or 300,000 together with their spouses). For transactions
covered by Rule 15g-9, a broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and have received the purchaser s
written consent to the transaction prior to sale. As a result, this rule may affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities
and may affect the ability of purchasers to sell any of our securities in the secondary market, thus possibly making it more difficult
for us to raise additional capital. 

For
any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require delivery, prior to any transaction in penny stock, of a disclosure
schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. Disclosure is also required to be made about sales commissions payable
to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements are
required to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market
in penny stock. 

There
can be no assurance that our common stock will qualify for exemption from this rule. In any event, even if our common stock were exempt
from this rule, we would remain subject to Section 15(b)(6) of the Exchange Act, which gives the SEC the authority to restrict any person
from participating in a distribution of penny stock, if the SEC finds that such a restriction would be in the public interest. 

Future
sales or perceived sales of our common stock could depress our stock price. 

If
the holders of shares of our common stock were to attempt to sell a substantial amount of their holdings at once, our stock price could
decline. Moreover, the perceived risk of this potential dilution could cause stockholders to attempt to sell their shares and investors
to short the shares, a practice in which an investor sells shares that he or she does not own at prevailing market prices, hoping to
purchase shares later at a lower price to cover the sale. As each of these events would cause the number of shares being offered for
sale to increase, our stock price would likely further decline. All of these events could combine to make it very difficult for us to
sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem appropriate. 

Issuance
of shares of our common stock upon the exercise of options or warrants will dilute the ownership interest of our existing stockholders
and could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding stock options to purchase an aggregate of 211,186 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase
an aggregate of 2,257,294 shares of common stock. The exercise of the stock options and warrants and the sales of stock issuable pursuant
to them would further reduce a stockholder s percentage voting and ownership interest. Further, the stock options and warrants
are likely to be exercised when our common stock is trading at a price that is higher than the exercise price of these options and warrants
and we would be able to obtain a higher price for our common stock than we would receive under such options and warrants. The exercise,
or potential exercise, of these options and warrants could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and the terms on which
we could obtain additional financing. The ownership interest of our existing stockholders may be further diluted through adjustments
to certain outstanding warrants under the terms of their anti-dilution provisions. 

Concentration
of ownership of management and directors may reduce the control by other stockholders over our Company. 

Our
executive officers and directors own or exercise full or partial control over approximately 89 of our outstanding common stock. Thus,
other investors in our common stock may not have much influence on corporate decision-making. In addition, the concentration of control
over our common stock in the executive officers and directors could prevent a change in control of our Company. 

Our
future capital needs could result in dilution of your investment. 

Our
Board of Directors may determine from time to time that there is a need to obtain additional capital through the issuance of additional
shares of our common stock or other securities. These issuances would likely dilute the ownership interests of our current investors
and may dilute the net tangible book value per share of our common stock. Investors in subsequent offerings may also have rights, preferences
and privileges senior to our current stockholders, which may adversely impact our current stockholders. 

We
have not paid dividends in the past and our Board of Directors does not expect to pay dividends in the future. 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all future earnings for the operation
and expansion of our business and, therefore, do not anticipate declaring or paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

13 

The
payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our results of operations, capital requirements,
financial condition, prospects, contractual arrangements, any limitations on payments of dividends present in any of our future debt
agreements and other factors our Board of Directors may deem relevant. If we do not pay dividends, a return on your investment will only
occur if our stock price appreciates. 

Securities
analysts may not initiate coverage for our common stock or may issue negative reports and this may have a negative impact on the market
price of our common stock. 

The
trading market for our common stock may be affected in part by the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about
us or our business. It may be difficult for companies such as us, with smaller market capitalizations, to attract a sufficient number
of securities analysts that will cover our common stock. If one or more of the analysts who elect to cover our Company downgrades our
stock, our stock price would likely decline rapidly. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our Company, we could lose visibility
in the market, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline. This could have a negative effect on the market price of our stock. 

Nevada
law and our charter documents contain provisions that could delay or prevent actual and potential changes in control, even if they would
benefit stockholders. 

Our
articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of preferred shares, which may be issued with dividend, liquidation, voting and redemption
rights senior to our common stock without prior approval by the stockholders. The preferred stock may be issued for such consideration
as may be fixed from time to time by our Board of Directors. Our Board may issue such shares of preferred stock in one or more series,
with such designations, preferences and rights or qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof as shall be stated in the resolution
of resolutions. 

The
issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of common stock. Preferred stock
may be issued quickly with terms calculated to discourage, make more difficult, delay or prevent a change in control of our Company or
make removal of management more difficult. As a result, our Board of Directors ability to issue preferred stock may discourage
the potential hostile acquirer, possibly resulting in beneficial negotiations. Negotiating with an unfriendly acquirer may result in,
among other things, terms more favorable to us and our stockholders. Conversely, the issuance of preferred stock may adversely affect
any market price of, and the voting and other rights of the holders of the common stock. 

These
and other provisions in the Nevada corporate statutes and our charter documents could delay or prevent actual and potential changes in
control, even if they would benefit our stockholders. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties 

Pro-Tech
leases a building of approximately 400 square feet at 2101 S Eastern Ave, Oklahoma City, OK 73129 at an annual cost of 3,000. 

We
believe that all our properties have been adequately maintained, are generally in good condition, and are suitable and adequate for our
business. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

Cause
No. CV-47,230; James Capital Energy, LLC and Victory Energy Corporation v. Jim Dial, et al.; In the 142nd District Court of Midland County,
Texas. 

This
is a lawsuit filed on or about January 19, 2010, by James Capital Energy, LLC and our Company against numerous parties for fraud, fraudulent
inducement, negligent misrepresentation, breach of contract, breach of fiduciary duty, trespass, conversion and a few other related causes
of action. This lawsuit stems from an investment our Company entered into for the purchase of six wells on the Adams Baggett Ranch with
the right of first refusal on option acreage. 

14 

On
December 9, 2010, our Company was granted an interlocutory Default Judgment against Defendants Jim Dial, 1st Texas Natural Gas Company,
Inc., Universal Energy Resources, Inc., Grifco International, Inc., and Precision Drilling Exploration, Inc. The total judgment
amounted to approximately 17,183,987. 

Our
Company has added additional parties to this lawsuit. Discovery is ongoing in this case and no trial date has been set at this time. 

We
believe we will be victorious against all the remaining Defendants in this case. 

On
October 20, 2011, Defendant Remuda filed a Motion to Consolidate and a Counterclaim against our Company. Remuda is seeking to consolidate
this case with two other cases wherein Remuda is the named Defendant. An objection to this motion was filed and the cases have not been
consolidated. Additionally, we do not believe that the counterclaim made by Remuda has any legal merit. 

There
was no further activity related to this case during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosure 

Not
applicable. 

15 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink Market operated by OTC Markets Group under the symbol VYEY. The following table
sets forth the high and low bid information for each quarter for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Since May 20, 2019 the high
and low bid price data for our common stock are reported by the OTC Pink Market. The information reflects prices between dealers, and
does not include retail markup, markdown, or commission, and may not represent actual transactions. 

The
quotation of our common stock on such marketplace may result in a less liquid market available for existing and potential stockholders
to trade shares of our common stock, could depress the trading price of our common stock and could have an adverse impact on our ability
to raise capital in the future. 

Bid Prices 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 
 Period 
 High 
 Low 
 
 2021 
 First Quarter 
 1.06 
 0.10 

Second Quarter 
 1.00 
 0.20 

Third Quarter 
 0.81 
 0.12 

Fourth Quarter 
 0.51 
 0.11 
 
 2022 
 First Quarter 
 0.51 
 0.16 

Second Quarter 
 0.48 
 0.20 

Third Quarter 
 0.44 
 0.22 

Fourth Quarter 
 0.40 
 0.17 

Holders 

On
December 31, 2022, there were approximately 1,423 holders of record of our common stock. This number excludes the shares owned by
shareholders holding shares under nominee security position listings. 

The
transfer agent for our common stock is Transfer Online, Inc., 512 SE Salmon Street, Portland, Oregon 97214. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not expect to do so in the foreseeable future. We intend to apply our earnings,
if any, in expanding our operations and related activities. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be at the discretion of
the Board of Directors and will depend upon such factors as earnings levels, capital requirements, our financial condition and other
factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

See
Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We
have not sold any securities during the 2022 fiscal year that were not previously disclosed in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or a current
report on Form 8-K. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities 

We
did not purchase any of our own common stock during 2022 or 2021. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Not
applicable. 

16 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

INTRODUCTION 

The
following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended
to help the reader understand Victory Oilfield Tech, Inc. MD A is presented in the following seven sections: 

Cautionary
 Information about Forward-Looking Statements; 

Business
 Overview; 

Results
 of Operations; 

Liquidity
 and Capital Resources; 

Critical
 Accounting Policies and Estimates; 

Recently
 Adopted Accounting Standards; and 

Recently
 Issued Accounting Standards. 

MD A
is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our audited consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022
and 2021 and our audited consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended and
the related notes thereto. 

In
MD A, we use we, our, us, Victory and the Company to refer
to Victory Oilfield Tech. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, unless the context requires otherwise. Amounts and percentages in tables may
not total due to rounding. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and
uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. We caution readers that important facts and factors described
in MD A and elsewhere in this document sometimes have affected, and in the future could affect our actual results, and could cause
our actual results during 2023 and beyond to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by, or on
behalf of, us. 

As
reported in the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on our December 31, 2022 consolidated financial statements, we
have suffered recurring losses from operations which raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

CAUTIONARY
INFORMATION ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Many
statements made in the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations and elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K that are not statements of historical fact, including statements about our beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking
statements within the meaning of federal securities laws and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include information
concerning possible or assumed future results of operations, including descriptions of our business plan, strategies and capital structure.
In particular, the words anticipate, expect, suggests, plan, believe, 
 intend, estimates, targets, projects, should, could, 
 would, may, will, forecast, variations of such words, and other similar expressions
identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements and their absence does not mean that
the statement is not forward-looking. We base these forward-looking statements or projections on our current expectations, plans and
assumptions that we have made in light of our experience in the industry, as well as our perceptions of historical trends, current conditions,
expected future developments and other factors we believe are appropriate under the circumstances and at such time. As you read and consider
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should understand that these statements are not guarantees of performance or results. The forward-looking
statements and projections are subject to and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to, the risks
and uncertainties described in Item 1A Risk Factors and you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements or projections. Although we believe that these forward-looking statements and projections are based on reasonable assumptions
at the time they are made, you should be aware that many factors could affect our actual financial results or results of operations and
could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements and projections. Factors that
may materially affect such forward-looking statements and projections include: 

continued
 operating losses; 

adverse
 developments in economic conditions and, particularly, in conditions in the oil and gas industries; 

17 

volatility
 in the capital, credit and commodities markets; 

our
 inability to successfully execute on our growth strategy; 

the
 competitive nature of our industry; 

credit
 risk exposure from our customers; 

price
 increases or business interruptions in our supply of raw materials; 

failure
 to develop and market new products and manage product life cycles; 

business
 disruptions, security threats and security breaches, including security risks to our information technology systems; 

terrorist
 acts, conflicts, wars, natural disasters, pandemics and other health crises that may materially adversely affect our business, financial
 condition and results of operations; 

failure
 to comply with anti-terrorism laws and regulations and applicable trade embargoes; 

risks
 associated with protecting data privacy; 

significant
 environmental liabilities and costs as a result of our current and past operations or products, including operations or products
 related to our licensed coating materials; 

transporting
 certain materials that are inherently hazardous due to their toxic nature; 

litigation
 and other commitments and contingencies; 

ability
 to recruit and retain the experienced and skilled personnel we need to compete; 

work
 stoppages, labor disputes and other matters associated with our labor force; 

delays
 in obtaining permits by our future customers or acquisition targets for their operations; 

our
 ability to protect and enforce intellectual property rights; 

intellectual
 property infringement suits against us by third parties; 

our
 ability to realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisitions and divestitures; 

risk
 that the insurance we maintain may not fully cover all potential exposures; 

risks
 associated with changes in tax rates or regulations, including unexpected impacts of the new U.S. TCJA legislation, which may differ
 with further regulatory guidance and changes in our current interpretations and assumptions; 

our
 substantial indebtedness; 

the
 results of pending litigation; 

our
 ability to obtain additional capital on commercially reasonable terms may be limited; 

any
 statements of belief and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing; 

other
 factors disclosed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission; and 

other
 factors beyond our control. 

These
cautionary statements should not be construed by you to be exhaustive and are made only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form
10-K. Except as expressly required by the federal securities laws, there is no undertaking to publicly update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason. Potential investors should
not make an investment decision based solely on our projections, estimates or expectations. 

18 

BUSINESS
OVERVIEW 

General 

We
are an Austin, Texas based publicly held oilfield energy technology products company focused on improving well performance and extending
the lifespan of the industry s most sophisticated and expensive equipment. America s resurgence in oil and gas production
is largely driven by new innovative technologies and processes as most dramatically and recently demonstrated by fracking. One such process
is hardbanding, in which a wear-resistant alloy is applied to the tool joints of drill pipe or drill collars to prolong the life of oilfield
tubulars. We utilize wear-resistant alloys which are mechanically stronger, harder and more corrosion resistant than typical alloys found
in the market today. This combination of characteristics creates opportunities for drillers to dramatically improve lateral drilling
lengths, well completion time and total well costs. 

Growth
Strategy 

We
plan to continue our U.S. oilfield services company acquisition initiative, aimed at companies which are already recognized as a high-quality
services provider to strategic customers in the major North American oil and gas basins. When completed, we expect that each of these
oilfield services company acquisitions will provide immediate revenue from their current regional customer base, while also providing
us with a foundation for channel distribution and product development of our existing products and services. We intend to grow each of
these established oilfield services companies by providing better access to capital, more disciplined sales and marketing development,
integrated supply chain logistics and infrastructure build out that emphasizes outstanding customer service and customer collaboration,
future product development and planning. 

We
believe that a well-capitalized technology-enabled oilfield services business will provide the basis for more accessible financing to
grow the Company and execute our oilfield services company acquisitions strategy. 

Recent
Developments 

Russia
conflict with Ukraine 

Russia s
conflict with Ukraine and the sanctions and other measures imposed by various governments in response to this conflict have increased
the level of economic and political uncertainty globally. While we have no operations in Russia or Ukraine, a significant escalation
or expansion of economic disruption or countries subject to sanctions or the conflict s scope could have a material adverse effect on
our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We are actively monitoring the broader economic impact on commodities
from the current conflict, especially on the price and supply of raw materials. 

Impact
of Coronavirus Pandemic 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, our business continued to recover from the significant adverse impact on the demand for our products
and, thus, our income from operations caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, which began in early 2020. While we have seen a return to more
stable quarter-over-quarter demand for our products and services, we remain cognizant of future COVID-19 developments, such as impacts
from new variants, employee absenteeism, lockdowns or other restrictions that could impact our future results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows. 

Two
additional issues continue to affect national and global market conditions. First, supply chain disruptions have become more frequent
in recent months. Thus far, we have not experienced material adverse effects from materials shortages; however, timely sourcing of certain
materials is of increased concern. Second, published articles and corporate announcements continue to address the global semiconductor
chip shortage, which is anticipated to continue in 2023. This shortage could affect some of our customers which could impact our revenue,
volume, and profitability. We continue to actively monitor these developments, including ongoing contact with our suppliers and customers,
and adapting to their specific circumstances and forecasts. 

VPEG
Note 

During
the period of January 1, 2023 through April 11, 2023 we received additional loan proceeds of 52,500 from VPEG pursuant to the New VPEG
Note (See Note 11, Related Party Transactions , to the consolidated financial statements for a definition and description of the
New VPEG Note). 

19 

Factors
Affecting our Operating Results 

The
following discussion sets forth certain components of our statements of operations as well as factors that impact those items. 

Total
revenue 

We
generate revenue from hardbanding solutions to oilfield operators for drill pipe, weight pipe, tubing and drill collars and grinding
services. 

Our
revenues are generally impacted by the following factors: 

our
 ability to successfully develop and launch new solutions and services 

changes
 in buying habits of our customers 

changes
 in the level of competition faced by our products 

domestic
 drilling activity and spending by the oil and natural gas industry in the United States 

Total
cost of revenue 

The
costs associated with generating our revenue fluctuate because of changes in sales volumes, average selling prices, product mix, and
changes in the price of raw materials and consist primarily of the following: 

hardbanding
 production materials purchases 

hardbanding
 supplies 

labor 

depreciation
 expense for hardbanding equipment 

field
 expenses 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses SG A 

Our
selling, general and administrative expense consists of all expenditures incurred in connection with the sales and marketing of our products,
as well as administrative overhead costs, including: 

compensation
 and benefit costs for management, sales personnel and administrative staff, which includes share-based compensation expense 

rent
 expense, communications expense, and maintenance and repair costs 

legal
 fees, accounting fees, consulting fees and insurance expenses. 

These
expenses are not expected to materially increase or decrease directly with changes in total revenue. 

Depreciation
and amortization 

Depreciation
and amortization expenses consist of amortization of intangible assets, depreciation of property, plant and equipment, net of depreciation
of hardbanding equipment, which is reported in Total cost of revenue. 

Interest
expense 

Interest
expense, net consists primary of interest expense and loan fees on borrowings as well as amortization of debt issuance costs and debt
discounts associated with our indebtedness. 

20 

Other
(income) expense, net 

Other
(income) expense, net represents costs incurred, net of income, from various non-operating items including costs incurred in conjunction
with our debt refinancing and extinguishment transactions, interest income, gain or loss on disposal of fixed assets, as well as non-operational
gains and losses unrelated to our core business. 

Income
tax benefit (provision) 

We
are subject to income tax in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. While the extent of our future tax liability is uncertain,
our operating results, the availability of any net operating loss carryforwards, any future business combinations, and changes to tax
laws and regulations are key factors that will determine our future book and taxable income. 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the information contained in the accompanying financial statements and related
notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our historical results of operations summarized and analyzed below may not
necessarily reflect what will occur in the future. 

For the Years Ended 
 December 31, 
 
 Percentage 
 
 in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Total revenue 
 1,624.6 
 815.3 
 809.3 
 99 

Total cost of revenue 
 903.6 
 491.7 
 411.9 
 84 

Gross profit 
 721.0 
 323.6 
 397.4 
 123 

Operating expenses 

Selling, general and administrative 
 994.5 
 1,031.8 
 (37.3 
 -4 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 21.7 
 20.5 
 1.2 
 6 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 1,016.2 
 1,052.3 
 (36.1 
 -3 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (295.2 
 (728.7 
 433.5 
 -59 
 
 Other income (expense) 

Other income 
 1.6 
 526.7 
 (525.1 
 -32819 
 
 Interest expense 
 (27.9 
 (58.9 
 31.0 
 -53 
 
 Total other income (expense) 
 (26.3 
 467.8 
 (494.1 
 -106 
 
 Loss from operations before tax benefit 
 (321.5 
 (260.9 
 (60.6 
 23 
 
 Tax benefit 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 0 
 
 Loss applicable to common stockholders 
 (321.5 
 (260.9 
 (60.6 
 23 

Total
Revenue 

Total
revenue increased by 809,368, or 99 , in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 due to an
increase in the number of drilling rigs driving hardbanding and grinding revenue generated by Pro-Tech. 

Total
Cost of Revenue 

Total
cost of revenue increased by 411,916, or 84 , in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 due
primarily to increases in materials, direct labor, other direct costs resulting from increases in Pro-Tech s revenue generating
activities as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The majority of the increase can be found in direct labor costs. Our gross
margin increased to 44 during 2022 as compared to a gross margin of 40 during 2022 because of higher labor and material costs. 

21 

Selling,
general and administrative 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses decreased by 37,303 or 4 , in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December
31, 2021 due as a result of provisions of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act (2020) and the Coronavirus Response
and Consolidated Appropriations Act (2021). 

Depreciation
and amortization 

Depreciation
and amortization increased by 1,205 or 6 , during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 due
to fixed asset additions during 2022. 

Other
income 

We
reported other income of 1,585 in the year ended December 31, 2022 attributable to interest on a refund of federal payroll taxes as
a result of provisions of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act (2020) and the Coronavirus Response and Consolidated
Appropriations Act (2021). We reported other income of 526,730 in the year ended December 31, 2021. Of the total amount, 171,173 resulted
from a gain on forgiveness of debt recognized in connection with the forgiveness of principal and accrued interest on the First PPP Loan
(See Note 5, Notes Payable , to the consolidated financial statements for more information). The remainder of 355,557 resulted
primarily from de-recognition of certain accounts payable that are no longer recoverable under Texas law. 

Interest
expense 

Interest
expense decreased by 30,970, or 53 , in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The overall
decrease resulted from decreases related to forgiveness of the First PPP Note and a reduction in advances pursuant to the New VPEG Note.
See Note 6, Notes Payable , to the consolidated financial statements for more information. 

Tax
benefit 

There
is no material provision for income tax expenses recorded for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 due to the net operating
losses, NOL in each of the respective years. The realization of future tax benefits is dependent on our ability to generate
taxable income within the NOL carry forward period. Given our history of net operating losses, management has determined that it is more-likely-than-not
we will not be able to realize the tax benefit of our NOL carry forwards. Current standards require that a valuation allowance thus be
established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

Loss
Applicable to Common Stockholders 

As
a result of the foregoing, loss applicable to common stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 was (321,484), or (0.01) per
share, compared to a loss applicable to common stockholders of (260,859), or (0.01) per share, for the year ended December 31, 2021
on weighted average shares of 28,037,713 in each of the respective periods. 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Going
Concern 

Historically
we have experienced, and we continue to experience, net losses, net losses from operations, negative cash flow from operating activities,
and working capital deficits. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year
after the date of issuance of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The accompanying consolidated financial statements
do not reflect any adjustments that might result if we are unable to continue as a going concern. 

Management
anticipates that operating losses will continue in the near term as we continue efforts to leverage our intellectual property through
the platform provided by the acquisition of Pro-Tech and, potentially, other acquisitions. In the near term, we are relying on financing
obtained from VPEG through the New VPEG Note to fund operations as we seek to generate positive cash flows from operations. See Note
6 Notes Payable, and Note 11 Related Party Transactions, to the accompanying consolidated financial
statements for additional information regarding the New VPEG Note. In addition to increasing cash flow from operations, we
will be required to obtain other liquidity resources to support ongoing operations. We are addressing this need by developing additional
capital sources which we believe will enable us to execute our recapitalization and growth plan. This plan includes the expansion of
Pro-Tech s core hardbanding business through additional drilling services and the development of additional products and services
including wholesale materials, RFID enclosures and mid-pipe coating solutions. 

22 

Based
upon capital formation activities as well as the ongoing near-term funding provided through the New VPEG Note, we believe we will have
enough capital to cover expenses through at least the next twelve months. We will continue to monitor liquidity carefully, and in the
event we do not have enough capital to cover expenses, we will make the necessary and appropriate reductions in spending to remain cash
flow positive. 

Capital
Resources 

During
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we obtained 152,000 from VPEG through the New VPEG Note. On September 3, 2021, we and VPEG
entered into an amendment to the New Debt Agreement (the Third Amendment ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to increase
the loan amount to up to 4,000,000 to cover future working capital needs. 

As
of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and for the foreseeable future, we expect to cover operating shortfalls with funding through
the New VPEG Note while we enact our strategy to become a technology-focused oilfield services company and seek additional sources of
capital. As of April 11, 2023 the remaining amount available to us for additional borrowings on the New VPEG Note, as amended, was approximately
 230,000. 

Material
Cash Requirements 

Our
material short-term cash requirements include recurring payroll and benefits obligations for our employees, capital and operating expenditures
and other working capital needs. Working capital, defined as total current assets less total current liabilities, fluctuates depending
on borrowing as well as effective management of receivables from our purchasers and payables to our vendors. We do not anticipate any
material capital expenditures during the twelve months following December 31, 2022. We believe that material cash requirements for operating
expenditures in excess of cash provided by operations may range from 0 per month to 20,000 per month during the twelve months following
December 31, 2022. 

Our
long-term material cash requirements from currently known obligations consist of repayment of outstanding borrowings and interest payment
obligations. 

The
following table summarizes our estimated material cash requirements for known obligations as of April 11, 2023. This table does not include
amounts payable under obligations where we cannot forecast with certainty the amount and timing of such payments. The following table
does not include any cash requirements related to our office space in Texas or the Pro-Tech facility in Oklahoma because the office space
in Texas is leased on a month-to-month basis, and the lease agreement for the Pro-Tech facility in Oklahoma is cancellable at any time
by giving notice of 90 days. 

in thousands) 
 Payments Due by Period 
 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 Total 
 5 Years 
 
 Economic Injury Disaster Loan repayment 
 150.0 
 8.8 
 17.5 
 17.5 
 106.2 
 
 Paycheck Protection Program Loan (1) 
 98.6 
 - 
 49.3 
 49.3 
 - 
 
 Arvest Loan 
 10.0 
 10.0 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Vehicle Loan 
 31.4 
 7.0 
 14.1 
 10.3 
 - 
 
 New VPEG Note 
 3,717.5 
 3,717.5 
 - 
 - 
 - 

4,007.5 
 3,743.3 
 80.9 
 77.1 
 106.2 

(1) we
have applied for full forgiveness of this loan 

We
believe it will be necessary to obtain additional liquidity resources to satisfy our material cash requirements. We are addressing our
liquidity needs by seeking to generate positive cash flows from operations and developing additional backup capital sources. 

23 

Paycheck
Protection Program Loan 

On
April 15, 2020, we received loan proceeds in the amount of 168,800 under the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP ). The
PPP, established as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act of 2020 (the CARES Act and administered
by the U.S. Small Business Administration (the SBA ), provides for loans to qualifying businesses for amounts up to 2.5
times of the average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business. The unsecured loan (the First PPP Loan is evidenced
by a promissory note (the First PPP Note issued by us, dated April 14, 2020, in the principal amount of 168,800 with
Arvest Bank. As of August 6, 2021, we received notice from Arvest Bank and the SBA that the full amount of the First PPP Loan had been
forgiven. The amount forgiven, including principal of 168,800 and accrued interest of 2,373, has been recorded as other income in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements. The entire amount of recorded gain on forgiveness of the First PPP Loan was excluded
from income for tax purposes. 

The
foregoing description of the First PPP Note does not purport to be complete is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of the First PPP Note, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the periods ended June 30, 2020. 

On
February 1, 2021, we received loan proceeds in the amount of 98,622 pursuant to a second draw loan under the PPP. The unsecured loan
(the Second PPP Loan is evidenced by a promissory note (the Second PPP Note issued by us, dated January
28, 2021, in the principal amount of 98,622 with Arvest Bank. 

Under
the terms of the Second PPP Note and the PPP, interest accrues on the outstanding principal at the rate of 1.0 per annum with a deferral
of payments for the first 10 months. The term of the Second PPP Note is five years, though it may be payable sooner in connection with
an event of default under the Second PPP Note. To the extent the amount of the Second PPP Loan is not forgiven under the PPP, we will
be obligated to make equal monthly payments of principal and interest beginning after a 10-month deferral period provided in the Second
PPP Note and through January 28, 2026. 

The
CARES Act and the PPP provide a mechanism for forgiveness of up to the full amount borrowed. Under the PPP, we may apply for forgiveness
for all or a part of the Second PPP Loan. The amount of Second PPP Loan proceeds eligible for forgiveness is based on a formula established
by the SBA. Subject to the other requirements and limitations on forgiveness, only that portion of the Second PPP Loan proceeds spent
on payroll and other eligible costs during the covered twenty-four-week period will qualify for forgiveness. Although we have used the
entire amount of the PPP Loans for qualifying expenses, no assurance is provided that we will obtain forgiveness of the Second PPP Loan
in whole or in part. 

The
Second PPP Note may be prepaid in part or in full, at any time, without penalty. The Second PPP Note provides for certain customary events
of default, including our: (i) failure to make a payment when due; (ii) breach of the note terms; (iii) default on any other loan with
the Lender; (iv) filing of a bankruptcy petition by or against us; (v) reorganization merger, consolidation or other change in ownership
or business structure without the Lender s prior written consent; (vi) adverse change in financial condition or business operation
that the Lender believes may affect our ability to pay the Second PPP Note; and (vii) default on any loan or agreement with another creditor,
if the Lender believes the default may materially affect our ability to pay the Second PPP Note. Upon the occurrence of an event of default,
the Lender has customary remedies and may, among other things, require immediate payment of all amounts owed under the Second PPP Note,
collect all amounts owing from us and file suit and obtain judgment against us. 

The
foregoing description of the Second PPP Note does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full
text of the Second PPP Note, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the periods ended June
30, 2020. 

Economic
Injury Disaster Loan 

Additionally,
on June 15, 2020, we received 150,000 in loan funding from the SBA under the Economic Injury Disaster Loan EIDL program
administered by the SBA, which program was expanded pursuant to the CARES Act. The EIDL is evidenced by a promissory note, dated June
11, 2020 (the EIDL Note in the original principal amount of 150,000 with the SBA, the lender. 

Under
the terms of the EIDL Note, interest accrues on the outstanding principal at the rate of 3.75 per annum. The term of the EIDL Note is
30 years, though it may be payable sooner upon an event of default under the EIDL Note. Under the EIDL Note, we are obligated to make
equal monthly payments of principal and interest beginning in December 2022 through the maturity date of June 11, 2050. The EIDL Note
may be prepaid in part or in full, at any time, without penalty. 

We
made interest-only payments of 2,924 and 5,117 on the EIDL Note for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

We
recorded interest expense of 5,703 and 5,703 related to the EIDL Note for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

24 

The
EIDL Note provides for certain customary events of default, including: (i) a failure to comply with any provision of the EIDL Note, the
related Loan Authorization and Agreement, or other EIDL loan documents; (ii) a default on any other SBA loan; (iii) a sale or transfer
of, or failure to preserve or account to SBA s satisfaction for, any of the collateral or its proceeds; (iv) a failure of us or
anyone acting on its behalf to disclose any material fact to SBA; (v) the making of a materially false or misleading representation to
SBA by us or anyone acting on our behalf; (vi) a default on any loan or agreement with another creditor, if SBA believes the default
may materially affect our ability to pay the EIDL Note; (vii) a failure to pay any taxes when due; (viii) if we become the subject of
a proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency law; (ix) if a receiver or liquidator is appointed for any part of our business or property;
(x) the making of an assignment for the benefit of creditors; (xi) has any adverse change in financial condition or business operation
that SBA believes may materially affect our ability to pay the EIDL Note; (xii) effects any reorganization, merger, consolidation, or
other transaction changing ownership or business structure without SBA s prior written consent; or (xiii) becomes the subject of
a civil or criminal action that SBA believes may materially affect our ability to pay the EIDL Note. The foregoing description of the
EIDL Note does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the EIDL Note, a copy of
which is filed as Exhibit 10.6 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the periods ended June 30, 2020. 

New
VPEG Note 

See
Note 11, Related Party Transactions to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, for a definition and description of
the VPEG Note and the New VPEG Note. The outstanding balance on the New VPEG Note was 3,717,476 and 3,550,276 at December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. We recorded interest expense of 15,200 and 42,600 related to the New VPEG Note for the twelve months ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current of future effect on our financial condition. 

Cash
Flow 

The
following table provides detailed information about our net cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Years Ended December 31, 
 
 in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (98.8 
 (658.0 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (71.0 
 (33.0 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 190.5 
 551.6 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 20.7 
 (139.4 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
 52.9 
 192.3 
 
 Cash and cash equivalent at end of period 
 73.6 
 52.9 

Net
cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 98,839. Net loss adjusted for non-cash items (depreciation
and amortization) used cash of 157,433. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided cash of 58,594. The most significant uses
of cash were increases in prepaid and other current assets and inventory due to purchases, as well as an increase in accounts receivable.
These changes were offset by cash provided by increases in accrued and other short-term liabilities and accounts payable. 

This
compares to net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 658,026. Net loss adjusted for non-cash items
(depreciation, amortization, and Paycheck Protection Program loan forgiveness) used cash of 255,860. Changes in operating assets and
liabilities used cash of 402,166. The most significant uses of cash were increases in accounts receivable due to timing of collections,
inventory due to purchases, and prepaids and other current assets, as well as a significant decrease in accounts payable. These changes
were partially offset by cash provided by a decrease in other receivables due to a refund of a receivable for tax overpayment and an
increase in accrued and other short-term liabilities. 

Net
cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 70,992 due to fixed asset purchases. This compares to 32,998
of cash used by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 due to fixed asset purchases. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 190,559 compared to 551,595 in net cash provided by
financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021. In each of the 2022 and 2021 periods, net cash provided by financing activities
was primarily due to debt financing proceeds from affiliates in addition to debt financing proceeds from one PPP loans. See Note 6, Notes
Payable , to the consolidated financial statements, and Note 11, Related Party Transactions , to the consolidated financial
statements for more information regarding our financing activities. 

25 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, requires our management
to make assumptions, estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported, including the notes thereto, and related disclosures of
commitments and contingencies, if any. We have identified certain accounting policies that are significant to the preparation of our
financial statements. These accounting policies are important for an understanding of our financial condition and results of operation.
Critical accounting policies are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations
and require management s difficult, subjective, or complex judgment, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the
effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Certain accounting estimates are particularly sensitive
because of their significance to financial statements and because of the possibility that future events affecting the estimate may differ
significantly from management s current judgments. We believe the following critical accounting policies involve the most significant
estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our financial statements. 

While
there are a number of accounting policies, methods and estimates affecting our consolidated financial statements, areas that are particularly
significant include: 

Cash
 and cash equivalents; 

Property,
 plant, and equipment; 

Other
 property and equipment; 

Fair
 value; 

Concentration
 of Credit Risk, Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts; 

Inventory 

Goodwill
 and other intangible assets 

Revenue
 recognition 

Business
 combinations 

Share-based
 compensation, 

Income
 taxes and 

Earnings
 per share 

In
addition, please refer to Note 1, Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the consolidated financial statements
for further discussion of our significant accounting policies. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents: 

We
consider all liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less from the date of purchase that are readily convertible
into cash to be cash equivalents. We had no cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Property,
plant and equipment 

Property,
plant and equipment is stated at cost. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred and the costs of additions and betterments
that increase the useful lives of the assets are capitalized. When property, plant and equipment is disposed of, the cost and related
accumulated depreciation are removed from the consolidated balance sheets and any gain or loss is included in Other income/(expense)
in the consolidated statement of operations. 

26 

Depreciation
is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets, as follows: 

Asset category 
 Useful Life 
 
 Welding equipment, Trucks, Machinery and equipment 
 5 years 
 
 Office equipment 
 5 - 7 years 
 
 Computer hardware and software 
 7 years 

See
Note 3, Property, plant and equipment , to the consolidated financial statements for further information. 

Other
Property and Equipment: 

Our
office equipment in Austin, Texas is being depreciated on the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of three to seven years. 

Fair
Value: 

Financial
Accounting Standard Board, or FASB, Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ,
established a hierarchical disclosure framework associated with the level of pricing observability utilized in measuring fair value.
This framework defined three levels of inputs to the fair value measurement process and requires that each fair value measurement be
assigned to a level corresponding to the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The three
broad levels of inputs defined by FASB ASC Topic 820 hierarchy are as follows: 

Level
1 - quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access
at the measurement date; 

Leve1
2 - inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.
If the asset or liability has a specified (contractual) term, a Leve1 2 input must be observable for substantially the full term of the
asset or liability; and 

Leve1
3 - unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. These unobservable inputs reflect the entity s own assumptions about the assumptions
that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability and are developed based on the best information available in the
circumstances (which might include the reporting entity s own data). 

Receivables
are carried at amounts that approximate fair value. Receivables are recognized net of an allowance for doubtful accounts receivable.
The allowance for doubtful accounts reflects the current estimate of credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of the financial
asset, based on historical experience current conditions and reasonable forecasts of future economic conditions. Accounts receivable
are written down or off when a portion or all of such account receivable is determined to be uncollectible. 

Inventories
are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value with cost being determined on the weighted average cost method. Elements of cost
in inventories include raw materials and direct labor. 

Supplies
are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value; cost is generally determined by the first-in first-out cost method. Inventories
deemed to have costs greater than their respective market values are reduced to net realizable value with a loss recorded in income in
the period recognized. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of our financial instruments such as accounts receivable and payables approximated their
fair values based on the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying value of short-term notes and advances approximated their
fair values because the underlying interest rates approximated market rates at the balance sheet dates. 

Concentration
of Credit Risk, Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

Financial
instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk primarily consist of cash and cash equivalents placed with high
credit quality institutions and accounts receivable due from Pro-Tech s customers. Management evaluates the collectability of accounts
receivable based on a combination of factors. If management becomes aware of a customer s inability to meet its financial obligations
after a sale has occurred, we record an allowance to reduce the net receivable to the amount that it reasonably believes to be collectable
from the customer. Accounts receivable are written off at the point they are considered uncollectible. An allowance of 0 and 5,002
has been recorded at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We suffered 5,002 losses in 2022 and no losses in 2021. If the financial
conditions of Pro-Tech s customers were to deteriorate or if general economic conditions were to worsen, additional allowances
may be required in the future. 

27 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, three and three customers comprised 78.2 and 64.9 of our gross accounts receivables, respectively.
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, three and four customers comprised 52.7 and 60.1 , respectively, of our total revenues. 

Inventory 

Our
inventory balances are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value on a first-in, first-out basis. Inventory consists of
products purchased by Pro-Tech for use in the process of providing hardbanding services. No impairment losses on inventory were recorded
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Goodwill
and Other Intangible Assets 

Finite-lived
intangible assets are recorded at cost, net of accumulated amortization and, if applicable, impairment charges. Amortization of finite-lived
intangible assets is provided over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis or the pattern in which economic benefits are
consumed, if reliably determinable. We review our finite-lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. 

We
perform an impairment test of goodwill annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may
not be recoverable. A goodwill impairment loss is recognized for the amount that the carrying amount of a reporting unit, including goodwill,
exceeds its fair value, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. We have determined that the Company
is comprised of one reporting unit at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the goodwill balances of 145,149 at December of each year are
included in the single reporting unit. To date, an impairment of goodwill has not been recorded. For the year ended December 31, 2022,
we bypassed the qualitative assessment, and proceeded directly to the quantitative test for goodwill impairment. 

Our
Goodwill balance consists of the amount recognized in connection with the acquisition of Pro-Tech. Our other intangible assets are comprised
of contract-based and marketing-related intangible assets, as well as acquisition-related intangibles. Acquisition-related intangibles
include the value of Pro-Tech s trademark and customer relationships, both of which are being amortized over their expected useful
lives of 10 years beginning August 2018. 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
recognize revenue as it satisfies contractual performance obligations by transferring promised goods or services to the customers. The
amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those promised goods or services.
A good or service is transferred to a customer when, or as, the customer obtains control of that good or service. 

We
have one revenue stream, which relates to the provision of hardbanding services by its subsidiary Pro-Tech. All performance obligations
of our contracts with customers are satisfied over the duration of the contract as customer-owned equipment is serviced and then made
available for immediate use as completed during the service period. We have reviewed our contracts with Pro-Tech customers and determined
that due to their short-term nature, with durations of several days of service at the customer s location, it is only those contracts
that occur near the end of a financial reporting period that will potentially require allocation to ensure revenue is recognized in the
proper period. We have reviewed all such transactions and recorded revenue accordingly. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, all of our revenue was recognized from contracts with oilfield operators, and we did not
recognize impairment losses on any receivables or contract assets. 

Because
our contracts have an expected duration of one year or less, we have elected the practical expedient in ASC 606-10-50-14(a) to not disclose
information about its remaining performance obligations. 

Business
Combinations 

Business
combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. Under the acquisition method, assets acquired and liabilities
assumed are recorded at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date in the Company s consolidated financial statements.
The excess of the fair value of consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. 

28 

Share-Based
Compensation 

From
time to time we may issue stock options, warrants and restricted stock as compensation to employees, directors, officers and affiliates,
as well as to acquire goods or services from third parties. In all cases, we calculate share-based compensation using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model and expenses awards based on fair value at the grant date on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period,
which in the case of third party suppliers is the shorter of the period over which services are to be received or the vesting period,
and for employees, directors, officers and affiliates is typically the vesting period. Share-based compensation is included in general
and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. See Note 8, Warrants for Stock , and Note 9, Stock
Options to the consolidated financial statements, for further information. 

Income
Taxes: 

We
account for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740, Income Taxes, which requires an asset and liability approach for financial
accounting and reporting of income taxes. Deferred income taxes reflect the impact of temporary differences between the amount of assets
and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and such amounts as measured by tax laws and regulations. Deferred tax assets include
tax loss and credit carry forwards and are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on available evidence, it is more likely than not
that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

Earnings
per Share: 

Basic
earnings per share are computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The weighted average number of common shares outstanding was 28,037,713 at each of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Diluted earnings per share
reflect the potential dilutive effects of common stock equivalents such as options, warrants and convertible securities. 

The
following table outlines outstanding common stock shares and common stock equivalents: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Common Stock Shares Outstanding 
 28,037,713 
 28,037,713 
 
 Common Stock Equivalents Outstanding 

Warrants 
 2,257,294 
 2,648,621 
 
 Stock Options 
 211,186 
 211,186 
 
 Total Common Stock Equivalents Outstanding 
 2,468,480 
 2,859,807 

In
May 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt - Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation
- Stock Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Issuer s
Accounting for Certain Modifications or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified Written Call Options ASU 2021-04 ).
ASU 2021-04 provides guidance as to how an issuer should account for a modification of the terms or conditions or an exchange of a freestanding
equity-classified written call option (i.e., a warrant) that remains classified after modification or exchange as an exchange of the
original instrument for a new instrument. An issuer should measure the effect of a modification or exchange as the difference between
the fair value of the modified or exchanged warrant and the fair value of that warrant immediately before modification or exchange and
then apply a recognition model that comprises four categories of transactions and the corresponding accounting treatment for each category
(equity issuance, debt origination, debt modification, and modifications unrelated to equity issuance and debt origination or modification).
ASU 2021-04 is effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those
fiscal years. An entity should apply the guidance provided in ASU 2021-04 prospectively to modifications or exchanges occurring on or
after the effective date. We adopted ASU 2021-04 effective January 1, 2022. The adoption of ASU 2021-04 did not have any impact on our
consolidated financial statement presentation or disclosures. 

RECENTLY
ADOPTED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 

From
time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the FASB that are adopted by us as of the specified effective date. If not
discussed, management believes that the impact of recently issued standards, which are not yet effective, will not have a material impact
on our financial statements upon adoption. 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses
on Financial Instruments , and has since issued various amendments including ASU No. 2018-19, ASU No. 2019-04, and ASU No. 2019-05.
The guidance and related amendments modify the accounting for credit losses for most financial assets and require the use of an expected
loss model, replacing the currently used incurred loss method. Under this model, entities will be required to estimate the lifetime expected
credit loss on such instruments and record an allowance to offset the amortized cost basis of the financial asset, resulting in a net
presentation of the amount expected to be collected on the financial asset. The new guidance is effective for us for the fiscal year,
and interim periods within the fiscal year, beginning January 1, 2023. The adoption of ASU 2016-13 is not expected to have a material
impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

29 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases ASU 2016-02 ). This guidance, as amended by subsequent
ASU s on the topic, improves transparency and comparability among companies by recognizing right of use (ROU) assets and lease
liabilities on the balance sheet and by disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. ASU No. 2016-02 is effective for public
business entities for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2018, with
early adoption permitted. We adopted ASU No. 2016-02 in our fiscal year beginning January 1, 2019 and used the optional transition method
provided by the FASB in ASU No. 2018-10, Codification Improvements to Topic 842, Leases and ASU No. 2018-11, Leases
(Topic 842): Targeted Improvements , with no restatement of comparative periods. The adoption of ASU 2016-02 had no material impact
on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

RECENTLY
ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 

In
September 2022, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2022-04,
 Liabilities Supplier Finance Programs. The ASU codifies disclosure requirements for supplier financing programs.
The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal years. We are
currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2022-04 on our financial statements but do not expect the guidance to have a material impact. 

Management
believes that other recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute
of Certified Public Accountants, and the Securities and Exchange Commission do not have a material impact on the Company s present
or near future financial statements. 

We
believe that other recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute
of Certified Public Accountants, and the Securities and Exchange Commission do not have a material impact on our present or near future
financial statements. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
applicable. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The
information required by this Item 8 is incorporated by reference to the Financial Statements beginning at page F-1 of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Disclosure controls and procedures
refer to controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the
SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and principal
financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As
required by Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act, our management has carried out an evaluation, with the participation and under the supervision
of our chief executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures, as of December 31, 2022. Based upon, and as of the date of this evaluation, our chief executive officer and principal
financial officer determined that, because of the material weaknesses described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not
effective. 

30 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for our Company. Internal
control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive officer and
principal financial and accounting officer, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with GAAP, and includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1)
 
 pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;

(2)
 
 provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of our management and directors;
 and 

(3)
 
 provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Our
management evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021. In making this evaluation,
management used the framework established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission, or COSO. The COSO framework summarizes each of the components of a company s internal control system,
including (i) the control environment, (ii) risk assessment, (iii) control activities, (iv) information and communication, and (v) monitoring.
Based on our evaluation, we determined that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective
due to the following material weaknesses. 

We
lack sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions, which is a basic internal control. In addition, we currently do not
have any full-time accounting personnel. Due to our size and nature, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible
and may not be economically feasible. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have segregation of duties on our assessment
of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency represents a material weakness. 

In
order to cure the foregoing material weakness, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions
are performed by separate individuals to the extent possible. In addition, we will look to hire additional personnel with technical accounting
expertise. As necessary, we will continue to engage consultants or outside accounting firms in order to ensure proper accounting for
our consolidated financial statements. 

We
lack sufficient training and oversight with respect to potential cyber security risks, which is an important element of an effective
control environment. We are not aware of any breaches of our information systems, nor any theft, loss, or unwanted exposure of data
contained within our information systems; however, due to the risk that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements
may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis as a result of this control deficiency, our management has concluded that the control
deficiency represents a material weakness. 

To
remediate the foregoing material weakness, we intend to implement additional preventive and detective controls, including establishment
of new procedures for oversight over cyber security by our Board of Directors, employee cyber security training, and implementation of
new risk assessment and incident response protocols. 

We
intend to complete the remediation of the material weaknesses discussed above as soon as practicable but we can give no assurance that
we will be able to do so. Designing and implementing an effective disclosure controls and procedures is a continuous effort that requires
us to anticipate and react to changes in our business and the economic and regulatory environments and to devote significant resources
to maintain a financial reporting system that adequately satisfies our reporting obligations. The remedial measures that we have taken
and intend to take may not fully address the material weaknesses that we have identified, and material weaknesses in our disclosure controls
and procedures may be identified in the future. Should we discover such conditions, we intend to remediate them as soon as practicable.
We are committed to taking appropriate steps for remediation, as needed. 

The
lack of full time accounting personnel and financial constraints resulting in delayed payments to our external professional services
providers restricted our ability to gather, analyze and properly review information related to financial reporting in a timely manner
during 2019, 2020, and the first six months of 2021. For these reasons, we were unable to timely file our quarterly reports and annual
report during 2019 and 2020, and the first and second quarters of 2021. 

31 

Due
to resource constraints, over a period of approximately thirty months we did not have the resources to fund sufficient staff and pay
professional fees to ensure that all our reports were filed timely. However, our management has recently obtained, and continues to actively
seek, additional sources of capital which allowed us to bring current our obligations to our external professional services providers. 

All
internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

We
regularly review our system of internal control over financial reporting and make changes to our processes and systems to improve controls
and increase efficiency, while ensuring that we maintain an effective internal control environment. Changes may include such activities
as implementing new, more efficient systems, consolidating activities, and migrating processes. 

Except
for the identified material weaknesses, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter
of fiscal year 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

Item 9B.
Other Information 

We
have no information to disclose that was required to be disclosed in a report on Form 8-K during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022,
that was not reported. 

Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

32 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the names, ages (as of April 11, 2023) and positions held by each of our executive officers . 

Name 
 Age 
 Positions Held 
 
 Kevin DeLeon 
 55 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer and Director 
 
 Ronald W. Zamber 
 61 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Robert Grenley 
 65 
 Director 
 
 Ricardo A. Salas 
 58 
 Director 

Kevin
DeLeon Chief Executive Officer, President, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer and Director 

Mr.
DeLeon has served as a member of our Board of Directors since August 21, 2017. He has served as a General Partner and Director of Corporate
Strategy for Visionary Private Equity Group, a private equity firm that invests in early stage, high growth companies, since 2015.
Mr. DeLeon has spent more than twenty-five years in global finance, both on the buy and sell side, in New York, London, and
Tokyo. For the past decade, his focus has been in natural resources, most recently as Senior Advisor to our Company since February, 2015.
Prior to joining our Company, he served in the same capacity at Miller Energy, a NYSE-listed Alaska focused oil and gas exploration and
production company, from June 2013 to February 2015. At Miller, Mr. DeLeon was responsible for overseeing corporate strategy,
with particular focus on financing the company s drilling program and acquisitions, as well as investor relations and corporate
governance. Prior to Miller, Mr. DeLeon spent approximately six years spearheading the U.S. operations for a boutique U.K. investment
bank, with a strong focus in E P and metals mining. Early in his career, he worked for Yamaichi, one of the Big Four Japanese
securities houses, where he received the Chairman s award for his consistent revenue contributions. Mr. DeLeon was also a
founding partner of Bracken Partners, a London-based corporate finance advisory and fund management firm with particular focus on the
U.K. private equity markets. He has served as both a senior executive and non-executive director of numerous public and private U.K.
and U.S. companies. Mr. DeLeon is a 1990 graduate of Yale University, with a B.A in Economics. Mr. DeLeon was selected to serve
on our Board of Directors due to his extensive global finance experience. 

Ronald
W. Zamber, M.D. Director Chairman of the Board 

Dr.
Zamber has served as a member of our Board of Directors since January 24, 2009. Dr. Zamber is founder, Managing Director and Chairman
of Visionary Private Equity Group since 2010, and a Managing Director of Navitus since 2011, Navitus Partners since 2011 and
James Capital Energy since 2007. He brings more than 20 years of experience in corporate management and business development extending
across the public, private and non-profit arenas. Dr. Zamber has helped build profitable companies in healthcare, private and public
petroleum E P, consumer products and Internet technology industries. Dr. Zamber is a Board-Certified Ophthalmologist and founder
of International Vision Quest, a non-profit organization that performs humanitarian medical and surgical missions, builds water treatment
facilities and supports food delivery programs to impoverished communities around the world. He has served as an examiner with the American
Board of Ophthalmologists and Secretariat for State Affairs with the American Academy of Ophthalmology. Dr. Zamber is the 2009 recipient
of Notre Dame s prestigious Harvey Foster Humanitarian Award. He now serves on the advisory board of Feed My Starving Children,
one of the highest rated and fastest growing charities in the country. Dr. Zamber received his Bachelor s degree with high honors
from the University of Notre Dame and his medical degree with honors from the University of Washington. Dr. Zamber was selected to serve
on our Board of Directors due to his over 20 years of experience in corporate management and business development extending across the
public, private and non-profit arenas. 

33 

Robert
Grenley Director 

Mr.
Grenley has served as a member of our Board of Directors since June 1, 2010. Mr. Grenley has over 25 years of experience in financial
management, business development and entrepreneurial experience. This financial experience includes 12 years managing early-stage organizations
with equity capital. Mr. Grenley s broader financial management experience includes over 10 years of direct portfolio management
and investment expertise including common and preferred stock, stock options, corporate and municipal bonds as well as syndicated investments
and private placements. Recently, Mr. Grenley has been associated with the Visionary Private Equity Group since 2012, and is currently
its Director of Capital Development, as well as the Chief Financial Officer of the Visionary Media Group, a wholly owned subsidiary.
Mr. Grenley served as the Chief Financial Officer of POP Gourmet, a fast-growing Seattle-based snack food company, since early 2013,
where he was responsible for the creation, production, and execution of POP Gourmet s first equity financing 2.5 million in 2013),
its second equity financing 8.5 million in 2015), and its first credit facility 2 million in 2015). As the company has matured, it
has been able to attract a consumer product group specialist as Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Grenley currently retains the Director,
Corporate Finance title, focusing on credit facilities, investor relations, and other related matters. Mr. Grenley holds a BA in Economics
from Duke University. Mr. Grenley was selected to serve on our Board of Directors due to his over 25 years of experience in financial
management, business development and entrepreneurial experience. 

Ricardo
A. Salas Director 

Mr.
Salas has served as a member of our Board of Directors since August 21, 2017. He has served as the President of Armacor Holdings, LLC,
an investment holding company for Liquidmetal Coatings, LLC, which develops, supplies and provides application service of leading
metallic coatings which protect against wear and corrosion in oil and gas, power, pulp paper and other industrial environments,
since May of 2012. He has served as a Director of Liquidmetal Coatings, LLC since June 2007. Between 2008 and 2015, Mr. Salas served
as Executive Vice President and a Director of Liquidmetal Technologies, Inc., a pioneer in developing and commercializing a family of
amorphous metal alloys. In 2001, he founded and became CEO of iLIANT Corporation, a health care information technology and outsourcing
service provider. Following iLIANT s merger with MED3000 Group, Inc., he continued to serve as a Director of MED3000 Group, Inc.
and on its Special Committee leading up to its sale to McKesson Corporation in December of 2012. He serves as a Director of Advantum
Health, a private equity backed healthcare IT enabled services company. Mr. Salas received an Economics degree from Harvard College in
1986. Mr. Salas was selected to serve on our Board of Directors due to his extensive management experience. 

Our
directors currently have terms which will end at our next annual meeting of the stockholders or until their successors are elected and
qualify, subject to their prior death, resignation or removal. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of our officers or directors. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

been
 convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

had
 any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business
 association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years
 prior to that time; 

been
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction
 or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in
 any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be
 associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

been
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures
 Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended,
 or vacated; 

been
 the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged
 violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions
 or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution,
 civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting
 mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

been
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self- regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29)
 of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary
 authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

34 

Corporate
Governance 

Governance
Structure 

We
chose to appoint a separate chairman of our Board of Directors who is not our Chief Executive Officer. Our Board of Directors has made
this decision based on their belief that an independent Chairman of the Board can act as a balance to the Chief Executive Officer, who
also serves as a non-independent director. 

The
Board s Role in Risk Oversight 

Our
Board of Directors administers its risk oversight function as a whole by making risk oversight a matter of collective consideration.
While management is responsible for identifying risks, our Board of Directors has charged the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors
with evaluating financial and accounting risk and the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors with evaluating risks associated
with employees and compensation. Investor- related risks are usually addressed by the Board of Directors as a whole. We believe an independent
Chairman of the Board adds an additional layer of insight to our Board of Directors risk oversight process. 

Independent
Directors 

In
considering and making decisions as to the independence of each of the directors of our Company, the Board considered transactions and
relationships between our Company and each director (and each member of such director s immediate family and any entity with which
the director or family member has an affiliation such that the director or family member may have a material indirect interest in a transaction
or relationship with such entity). For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Board has determined that the following directors and director
nominees are independent as defined in applicable SEC and Nasdaq Stock Market rules and regulations, and that each constitutes an Independent
Director as defined in Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5605: Ron Zamber, Rob Grenley, and Ricardo A. Salas. 

Audit
Committee 

Our
Board of Directors has established an Audit Committee to assist it in fulfilling its responsibilities for general oversight of our
accounting and financial reporting processes, audits of our financial statements, and internal control and audit functions. The
Audit Committee is responsible for, among other things: 

appointing,
 evaluating and determining the compensation of our independent auditors; 

establishing
 policies and procedures for the review and pre-approval by the Audit Committee of all auditing services and permissible non-audit
 services (including the fees and terms thereof) to be performed by the independent auditor; 

reviewing
 with our independent auditors any audit problems or difficulties and management s response; 

reviewing
 and approving all proposed related-party transactions, as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933,
 as amended; 

discussing
 our financial statements with management and our independent auditors; 

reviewing
 and discussing reports from the independent auditor on critical accounting policies and practices used by our Company and alternative
 accounting treatments; 

reviewing
 major issues as to the adequacy of our internal controls and any special audit steps adopted in light of significant internal control
 deficiencies; 

reviewing
 and discussing with management our major financial risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such
 exposures; 

meeting
 separately and periodically with management and our internal and independent auditors; 

reviewing
 matters related to the corporate compliance activities of our Company; 

reviewing
 and approving our code of ethics, as it may be amended and updated from time to time, and reviewing reported violations of the code
 of ethics; 

annually
 reviewing and reassessing the adequacy of our Audit Committee charter; and 

such
 other matters that are specifically delegated to our Audit Committee by our Board from time to time. 

35 

The
Audit Committee works closely with management as well as our independent auditors. The Audit Committee has the authority to
obtain advice and assistance from, and receive appropriate funding from us for, outside legal, accounting or other advisors as the Audit
Committee deems necessary to carry out its duties. 

Our
Board of Directors has adopted a written charter for the Audit Committee that meets the applicable standards of the SEC and The Nasdaq
Stock Market. The members of the Audit Committee are Ronald W. Zamber, Robert Grenley and Ricardo A. Salas. Ricardo A. Salas serves
as the chair of the Audit Committee. 

Our
Board has determined that Ricardo A. Salas qualifies as an audit committee financial expert under Item 407(d)(5) of
Regulation S-K and has the requisite accounting or related financial expertise required by applicable Nasdaq Stock Market rules. 

Compensation
Committee 

Our
Board of Directors has established a Compensation Committee to discharge our Board s responsibilities relating to compensation
of our Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers and to provide general oversight of compensation structure. Other specific
duties and responsibilities of the Compensation Committee include: 

reviewing
 and approving objectives relevant to executive officer compensation; 

evaluating
 performance and recommending to the Board of Directors the compensation, including any incentive compensation, of our Chief
 Executive Officer and other executive officers in accordance with such objectives; 

reviewing
 and approving compensation packages for new executive officers and termination packages for executive officers; 

recommending
 to the Board of Directors the compensation for our directors; 

administering
 our equity compensation plans and other employee benefit plans; 

reviewing
 periodic reports from management on matters relating to our personnel appointments and practices; 

evaluating
 periodically the Compensation Committee charter; 

such
 other matters that are specifically delegated to our Compensation Committee by our Board from time to time. 

Our
Board of Directors has adopted a written charter for the Compensation Committee. The members of the Compensation Committee are Ronald
W. Zamber and Ricardo A. Salas. Dr. Zamber serves as the chair of the Compensation Committee. Our Board of Directors determined that
each member of the Compensation Committee satisfies the independence requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market. 

The
Compensation Committee reviews executive compensation from time to time and reports to the Board of Directors, which makes all final
decisions with respect to executive compensation. 

Director
Nominations 

We
currently do not have a standing nominating committee or committee performing similar functions. Our entire Board of Directors undertakes the
functions that would otherwise be undertaken by a nominating committee. 

Our
Board utilizes a variety of methods for identifying and evaluating nominees for our directors. Our Board regularly assesses
the appropriate size of our Board and whether any vacancies on the Board are expected due to retirement or other circumstances. 

When
considering potential director nominees, the Board considers the candidate s character, judgment, diversity, age, skills, including
financial literacy and experience in the context of the needs of our Company and of our existing directors. The Board also seeks director
nominees who are from diverse backgrounds and who possess a range of experiences as well as a reputation for integrity. The Board considers
all of these factors to ensure that our Board as a whole possesses a broad range of skills, knowledge and experience useful to the effective
oversight and leadership of our Company. 

36 

Our
Board does not have a specific policy with regard to the consideration of candidates recommended by stockholders, however any nominees
proposed by our stockholders will be considered on the same basis as nominees proposed by the Board. If a stockholder wants to submit
a candidate for consideration to the Board, the stockholder may submit a proposal to our interim Corporate Secretary, Kevin DeLeon, in
with the stockholder communication procedures set forth below. 

Stockholder
Communications with the Board of Directors 

Our
Board of Directors has established a process for stockholders to communicate with the Board of Directors or with individual directors.
Stockholders who wish to communicate with our Board of Directors or with individual directors should direct written correspondence to
Kevin DeLeon, Corporate Secretary, at kdeleon@vpeg.net, or to the following address (our principal executive offices): Board of Directors,
c/o Corporate Secretary, 3355 Bee Caves Road, Suite 608, Austin, Texas 78746. 

The
Corporate Secretary will forward such communications to our Board of Directors or the specified individual director to whom the communication
is directed unless such communication is unduly hostile, threatening, illegal or similarly inappropriate, in which case the Corporate
Secretary has the authority to discard the communication or to take appropriate legal action regarding such communication. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer,
principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Such code of ethics addresses, among other things, honesty and ethical
conduct, conflicts of interest, compliance with laws, regulations and policies, including disclosure requirements under the federal securities
laws, and reporting of violations of the code. 

We
are required to disclose any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our code of ethics applicable to our principal executive officer,
principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller, or persons performing similar functions. We intend to use our
website as a method of disseminating this disclosure, as permitted by applicable SEC rules. Any such disclosure will be posted to our
website within four business days following the date of any such amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our code of ethics. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

None. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Summary
Compensation Table - Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
following table sets forth information concerning all cash and non-cash compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to the named persons
for services rendered in all capacities during the noted periods. No other executive officers received total annual salary and bonus
compensation in excess of 100,000. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Option Awards )(1) 
 Total ) 
 
 Kevin DeLeon, Chief Executive Officer (2) 
 2022 
 120,000 
 
 120,000 

2021 
 109,000 
 
 109,000 

(1) 
 These
 amounts shown represent the aggregate grant date fair value for options granted to the named executive officers computed in accordance
 with FASB ASC Topic 718. 

(2) 
 On
 October 25, 2019 we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Kevin DeLeon having a term of one year. Pursuant to the employment
 agreement, we agreed to pay Mr. DeLeon a salary of 120,000 per year, effective November 1, 2019. In addition, in consideration for
 past services, we issued Mr. DeLeon a three year warrant to purchase 100,000 shares of the Company s stock at 0.80 per share. Mr.
 DeLeon will also be eligible to participate in the standard benefits plans offered to similarly situated employees by us from time
 to time, subject to plan terms and our generally applicable policies. On October 26, 2020, the term of the employment agreement was
 extended to October 31, 2021, with all other terms in the employment agreement remaining in effect. Mr. DeLeon and the Company have
 agreed to continue Mr. DeLeon s employment beyond the extended October 31, 2021 termination of the employment agreement, on
 the same terms as set forth in the employment agreement, terminable at the option of either party. 

37 

Director
Compensation 

No
member of our Board of Directors received any compensation for services as a director during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The
following table sets forth information regarding beneficial ownership of our voting stock as of April 11, 2023 (i) by each person who
is known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our voting stock; (ii) by each of our officers, directors and director nominees; and
(iii) by all of our officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise specified, the address of each of the persons set forth below
is in care of our Company, 3355 Bee Caves Road, Suite 608, Austin, Texas 78746. 

Amount of Beneficial Ownership(1) 
 
 Percent of 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Shares 
 Options 
 Warrants 
 Common Stock 
 Series D PS Converted to CS 
 Percent of Common Stock(2) 
 Total Voting Stock(3) 
 
 Ronald Zamber, Director (4) 
 7,261,501 
 - 
 1,882,294 
 9,164,644 
 - 
 30.56 
 30.56 
 
 Robert Grenley, Director (5) 
 3,357 
 - 
 - 
 3,357 
 - 
 0.01 
 0.01 
 
 Ricardo A. Salas, Director (6) 
 20,000,000 
 - 
 - 
 20,000,000 
 - 
 66.84 
 66.84 
 
 Kevin DeLeon, Interim CEO and Director 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 0.0 
 0.0 
 
 All directors and officers as a group (4 persons named above) 
 27,264,858 
 - 
 1,882,294 
 29,247,152 
 - 
 97.41 
 97.41 

Less
than 1 

(1) 
 Beneficial
 Ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to
 securities. Each of the beneficial owners listed above has direct ownership of and sole voting power and investment power with respect
 to the shares of our common stock. For each beneficial owner above, any options exercisable within 60 days have been included in
 the denominator. 

(2) 
 Based
 on 28,037,713 shares of our common stock outstanding as of April 11, 2023. 

(3) 
 There
 were no shares of voting stock other than common stock outstanding as of April 11, 2023. 

(4) 
 Includes
 291,866 shares of common stock; 4,382,872 shares of common stock owned by Navitus Energy Group, of which Mr. Zamber is the managing
 member of its managing partner, James Capital Consulting, LLC; 2,787 shares of common stock and warrants for the purchase of 2,343
 shares of common stock exercisable within 60 days owned by James Capital Consulting, LLC; 64,951 shares of common stock owned by
 Visionary Investments, LLC, of which Dr. Zamber is sole member; and 2,519,025 shares of common stock and warrants for the purchase
 of 1,900,800 shares of common stock exercisable within 60 days owned by Visionary Private Equity Group I, LP, of which Dr. Zamber
 is senior managing director of its general partner, Visionary PE GP I, LLC. 

(5) 
 Includes
 3,357 shares of common stock. 

(6) 
 Represents
 20,000,000 shares issued to Armacor Victory Ventures, LLC, pursuant to the Supplementary Agreement, dated April 10, 2018 among the
 Company and Armacor Victory Ventures, LLC. Mr. Salas is the managing member of Armacor Victory Ventures, LLC. 

38 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table sets forth certain information about the securities authorized for issuance under our incentive plans as of December
31, 2022. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 211,186 
 
 2.15 
 15,000,000 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 211,186 
 
 2.15 
 15,000,000 

In
2014, our Board of Directors and stockholders approved our 2014 Long Term Incentive Plan. No shares remain available under the 2014 Long
Term Incentive Plan. 

In
2017, our Board of Directors and stockholders approved our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. As of December 31, 2022, no shares have been granted
under our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. 

Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

There
have been no transactions since the beginning of our 2021 fiscal year, and there are no any currently proposed transactions, in which
we were or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of
our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect
material interest (other than compensation described under Executive Compensation ). 

Promoters
and Certain Control Persons 

We
did not have any promoters at any time during the past five fiscal years. 

Director
Independence 

Our
board of directors has determined that Ron Zamber, Robert Grenley and Ricardo A. Salas are independent directors as that term is defined
in the applicable rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Audit
Fees 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we paid 115,850 and 119,715, respectively, in fees to our principal accountants. 

Tax
Fees 

None. 

All
Other Fees 

None. 

All
fees described above for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were approved by the Board of Directors. 

39 

PART
IV 

Item 15.
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) List
of Documents Filed as a Part of This Report: 

(1) Index
to the Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 

(2) Index
to Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules: 

All
schedules have been omitted because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto,
or because it is not required. 

(3) Index
to Exhibits: 

Exhibit No. 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 Amended
 and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Victory Energy Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2017) 

3.2 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (Name Change) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on June 4, 2018) 

3.3 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Series D Preferred Stock of Victory Energy Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on August 24, 2017) 

3.4 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws of Victory Energy Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 on September 20, 2017) 

4.1 
 Form
 of Common Stock Certificate of Victory Energy Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report on Form
 10-K filed on April 8, 2016) 

4.2 
 Common
 Stock Warrant issued by Victory Energy Corporation to Visionary Private Equity Group I, LP on February 3, 2017 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 7, 2017) 

4.3 
 Common
 Stock Warrant issued by Victory Oilfield Tech, Inc. to Visionary Private Equity Group I, LP on April 13, 2018 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2018) 

40 

4.4 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Victory Oilfield Tech, Inc. to Kodak Brothers All America Fund, LP on July 31, 2018 (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 4,1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2018) 

4.5 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Victory Oilfield Tech, Inc. to Kevin DeLeon on October 25, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 4.5 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 9, 2021). 

10.1 
 Victory
 Energy Corporation 2014 Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 on February 28, 2014). 

10.2 
 Victory
 Energy Corporation 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1
 filed on February 5, 2018). 

10.3 
 Loan
 Agreement, dated April 10, 2018, by and between Visionary Private Equity Group I, LP and Victory Oilfield Tech, Inc. (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 12, 2018). 

10.4 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to Loan Agreement, dated October 30, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 November 6, 2020). 

10.5 
 Amendment
 No. 2 to Loan Agreement, dated February 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
 on February 9, 2021). 

10.6 
 Amendment
 No. 3 to Loan Agreement, dated September 3, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7] to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
 September 3, 2021). 

10.8 
 Promissory
 Note issued by the Company to Arvest Bank dated April 13, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report
 on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2021). 

10.9 
 Loan
 Authorization and Agreement by and between the Company and the U.S. Small Business Administration dated April 13, 2020 (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2021). 

10.10 
 Amended
 and Restated Promissory Note by and between Visionary Private Equity Group I, LP and Victory Oilfield Tech, Inc., dated September
 3, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed September 3, 2021). 

10.11 
 Promissory
 Note issued by the Company to Arvest Bank dated January 28, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Quarterly Report
 on Form 10-Q filed August 10, 2021). 

10.12 
 Promissory
 Note and Security Agreement dated July 11, 2022 by and between Pro-Tech Hardbanding Services, Inc. and Arvest Bank (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 14, 2022). 

41 

14.1 
 
 Code
 of Ethics and Business Conduct adopted on September 14, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on September 20, 2017) 

31.1 
 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

99.1 
 
 Audit
 Committee Charter adopted on September 14, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 on September 20, 2017) 

99.2 
 
 Compensation
 Committee Charter adopted on September 14, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 on September 20, 2017) 

101.INS++ 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH++ 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL++ 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF++ 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB++ 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE++ 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104++ 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
 herewith. 

Executive
 Compensation Plan or Agreement. 

++XBRL 
 (Extensible
 Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a report for purposes of sections 11 or 12 of the
 Securities Act of 1933, is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise is not
 subject to liability under these sections. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

42 

PART
IV 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 410) 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 

Victory Oilfield Tech, Inc. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Victory Oilfield Tech, Inc. and Subsidiary (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements
of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the entity will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements,
the entity has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the 
Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
entity s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a
matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involve
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our
opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below,
providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Revenue Recognition 

Description of the Critical Audit Matter 

The Company has recognized revenue from oilfield
services during the year ended December 31, 2022 totaling 1,624,635. 

The Company generates revenue from contracts with
customers in the oilfield service industry, which is notorious for its handshake and undocumented agreements and arrangements. Revenue
recognition from these agreements and arrangements, including the appropriate recognition, measurement, and disclosure, was significant
to our audit because the amounts resulting from these transactions are material to the Company s consolidated financial statements.
Auditing these transactions is critical because of the nature and extent of auditor effort required to address the matter, and the risk
that these transactions are inappropriately considered for recognition, measurement, or disclosure. 

How We Addressed the Critical Audit Matter
in Our Audit 

We obtained an understanding and evaluated the design
of controls over the Company s recognition, measurement, and disclosure of revenue from contracts with customers. Our procedures
also included, among others, vouching revenues recognized to evidence of the completion of the contract, and inquiring of management
and staff about unusual revenue terms. 

We have served as Victory Oilfield Tech, Inc.'s auditor
since 2013. 

PCAOB ID 

April 11, 2023 

F- 3 

VICTORY
OILFIELD TECH, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December
 31, 
 December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current
 Assets 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Accounts
 receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid
 and other current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Property,
 plant and equipment 

Accumulated
 depreciation 

Property,
 plant and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Other
 intangible assets, net 

Total
 Assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current
 Liabilities 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 and other short-term liabilities 

Short
 term advance from shareholder 

Short
 term notes payable, net 

Current
 portion of long-term notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Short
 term notes payable - affiliate, net 

Total
 current liabilities 

Long
 term notes payable, net 

Total
 long-term liabilities 

Total
 Liabilities 

Stockholders 
 Equity 

Preferred Series D stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at each of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at each of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Receivable
 for stock subscription 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 stockholders equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

VICTORY
OILFIELD TECH, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For
 the Years Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Total
 revenue 

Total
 cost of revenue 

Gross
 profit 

Operating
 expenses 

Selling,
 general and administrative 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Total
 operating expenses 

Loss
 from operations 

Other
 income (expense) 

Other
 income 

Interest
 expense 

Total
 other income (expense) 

Loss
 from operations before tax benefit 

Tax
 expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loss
 applicable to common stockholders 

Loss
 per share applicable to common stockholders 

Loss per share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares, basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

VICTORY
OILFIELD TECH, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For
 the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING
 ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net
 loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization
 of original issue discount 

Amortization
 of intangible assets 

Depreciation 

Paycheck
 Protection Program loan forgiveness 
 - 

Changes in operating assets
 and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable 

Other
 receivables 
 - 

Inventory 

Prepaid
 and other current assets 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 and other short-term liabilities 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS
 FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Investment
 in fixed assets 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS
 FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds
 from notes payable - affiliate 

Payments
 on long term notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds
 from credit line 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment
 of short term advance from shareholder 
 - 

Proceeds
 from long term notes payable 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net change
 in cash and cash equivalents 

Beginning
 cash and cash equivalents 

Ending
 cash and cash equivalents 

For
 the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

VICTORY
OILFIELD TECH, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common
 Stock 0.001 Par Value 
 Preferred
 D 0.001 Par Value 
 Receivable 
 for Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid In 
 Accumulated 
 Total 

Number 
 Amount 
 Number 
 Amount 
 Subscription 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 January
 1, 2021 Balance 

Loss
 attributable to common stockholders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

December
 31, 2021 Balance 

Common
 Stock 0.001 Par Value 
 Preferred
 D 0.001 Par Value 
 Receivable 
 for Stock 
 Additional 

 Paid In 
 Accumulated 
 Total

Number 
 Amount 
 Number 
 Amount 
 Subscription 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 January
 1, 2022 Balance 

Loss
 attributable to common stockholders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

December
 31, 2022 Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

Victory Oilfield Tech, Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

through December 31, 2022, and has a working
capital deficit of ) at December 31, 2022. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern within one year after the date of issuance of the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements
do not reflect any adjustments that might result if the Company was unable to continue as a going concern. 

F- 8 

from VPEG. As of the date of this report and for the foreseeable future, we expect
to cover operating shortfalls with funding through the New VPEG Note while we enact our strategy to become a technology-focused oilfield
services company and seek additional sources of capital. As of the date of this report the remaining amount available to the Company
for additional borrowings on the New VPEG Note was approximately . The Company is actively seeking additional capital from VPEG
and potential sources of equity and/or debt financing. 

F- 9 

and , respectively from contracts
with oilfield operators. See Note 12 Segment and Geographic Information and Revenue Disaggregation for further information. 

and has been recorded at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company suffered losses in 2022
and no losses in 2021. If the financial conditions of Pro-Tech s customers were to deteriorate or if general economic conditions
were to worsen, additional allowances may be required in the future. 

and customers comprised and of the Company s gross accounts receivables,
respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and customers comprised and , respectively, of the
Company s total revenues. 

F- 10 

years 
 
 Office equipment 
 - years 
 
 Computer hardware and software 
 years 

at December of each year are
included in the single reporting unit. To date, an impairment of goodwill has not been recorded. For the year ended December 31, 2022,
we bypassed the qualitative assessment, and proceeded directly to the quantitative test for goodwill impairment. 

years beginning August 2018. 

F- 11 

at each of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Diluted earnings per share
reflect the potential dilutive effects of common stock equivalents such as options, warrants and convertible securities. Given the exercise
prices of these instruments outstanding, all potentially dilutive common stock equivalents are considered anti-dilutive. 

Common Stock Equivalents Outstanding 

Warrants 

Stock
 Options 

Total
 Common Stock Equivalents Outstanding 

F- 12 

Welding equipment 

Office equipment 

Machinery and equipment 

Furniture and office equipment 

Computer hardware 

Computer
 software 

Total property, plant and
 equipment, at cost 

Less
 -- accumulated depreciation 

Property,
 plant and equipment, net 

and , respectively. 

and of amortization of intangible assets for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Pro-Tech trademark 

Accumulated
 amortization impairment 

Other
 intangible assets, net 

F- 13 

There have been transactions that have changed the Company s ownership structure since inception
that may have resulted in one or more ownership changes as defined by the IRC Section 382. The Company s transaction in 2017 resulted
in a limitation of pre-change in control net operating loss carry forwards to over a -year period. 

and , respectively.
 Total Combined NOL is Capital
loss carryovers may only be used to offset capital gains. 

rate and are reflected in the valuation
of these assets as of December 31, 2022. 

Depreciation 

Equity based expenses 

Other 

Deferred taxes 

Valuation
 allowance 

Net deferred
 income tax assets 
 - 
 - 

Noncompulsory stock warrants 

State tax other permanent
 items 

Change in state tax rate 

Intangible impairment 

Change
 in valuation allowance 

Effective
 income tax rate 

F- 14 

Vehicle
 Loan 
 
 - 
 
 Paycheck
 Protection Program Loan 

Arvest
 Loan 
 
 - 
 
 New
 VPEG Note 

Total
 notes payable 

Current
 portion of notes payable 

Long
 term notes payable, net 

. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028
 and beyond 

Total 

under the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP ).
The PPP, established as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act of 2020 (the CARES Act and administered
by the U.S. Small Business Administration (the SBA ), provides for loans to qualifying businesses for amounts up to 2.5
times of the average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business. The unsecured loan (the First PPP Loan was evidenced
by a promissory note (the First PPP Note issued by the Company, dated April 14, 2020, in the principal amount of 
with Arvest Bank. 

and accrued interest of , has been recorded as other income in the consolidated
statements of operations. The entire amount of recorded gain on forgiveness of the First PPP Loan was excluded from income for tax purposes. 

pursuant to a second draw loan under the PPP. The unsecured
loan (the Second PPP Loan is evidenced by a promissory note (the Second PPP Note issued by the Company,
dated January 28, 2021, in the principal amount of with Arvest Bank. 

per annum with a deferral
of payments for the first 10 months. The term of the Second PPP Note is five years, though it may be payable sooner in connection with
an event of default under the Second PPP Note. To the extent the amount of the Second PPP Loan is not forgiven under the PPP, the Company
will be obligated to make equal monthly payments of principal and interest beginning after a ten-month deferral period provided in the
Second PPP Note and through January 28, 2026. 

F- 15 

in loan funding from the SBA under the Economic Injury Disaster Loan EIDL program administered by the SBA, which program was expanded pursuant to the CARES Act. The EIDL is evidenced by a promissory note, dated
June 11, 2020 (the EIDL Note in the original principal amount of with the SBA, the lender. 

per annum. The term of the EIDL Note is
 years, though it may be payable sooner upon an event of default under the EIDL Note. Under the EIDL Note, the Company is obligated
to make equal monthly payments of principal and interest beginning in December 2022 through the maturity date of . The EIDL
Note may be prepaid in part or in full, at any time, without penalty. 

and on the EIDL Note for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and related to the EIDL Note for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 16 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company recorded interest
expense of and related to the New VPEG Note for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

with Arvest Bank for a vehicle loan (the Vehicle Loan ). The Vehicle Loan, which is secured by the vehicle, is
repayable over , matures , and is repayable at the rate of per month including principal and interest at
a rate of per annum. The monthly payments began on July 15, 2022. The remaining balance of the Vehicle Loan was and as
of September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(the Arvest Loan ). The Arvest Loan matures on July 11, 2023 and bears
interest at per annum, subject to change in accordance with the Variable Rate (as defined in the Promissory Note and Security
Agreement), the calculation for which is the Wall Street Journal U.S. Prime Rate plus . Pursuant to the terms of the
Arvest Loan, Pro-Tech is required to make monthly payments beginning on August 11, 2022 and until the maturity date, at which time all
unpaid principal and interest will be due. Pro-Tech may prepay the loan in full or in part at any time without penalty. The Arvest
Loan contains customary representations, warranties, affirmative and negative covenants and events of default for a loan of this type.
The Arvest Loan is secured by Pro-Tech s inventory and equipment, accounts and other rights of payments, and general intangibles,
as such terms are defined in the Uniform Commercial Code. As of December 31, 2022, Pro-Tech has a balance of on the credit line. 

shares of its preferred stock as Series D Preferred Stock. 

per share, subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any
stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization with respect to the Series D Preferred Stock. 

F- 17 

shares of Series D Preferred Stock. 

, subject to adjustment as set forth in the Series D Certificate of Designation. 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Canceled 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Canceled 

Balance December 31,
 2022 

F- 18 

. The intrinsic
value of a warrant is the amount by which the market value of the underlying warrant exercise price exceeds the market price of the stock
at December 31 of each year. 

Granted at Fair Value 

Exercised 

Canceled 

Outstanding at December
 31, 2021 

Granted at Fair Value 

Exercised 

Canceled 

Outstanding at December
 31, 2022 

for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F- 19 

- 

- 

and , respectively. As such there are no future annual minimum payments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

under the VPEG Note, the Company issued to VPEG 1,880,267 shares of its common stock and
a five -year warrant to purchase shares of its common stock at an exercise price of per share, to be reduced to the extent
the actual price per share in a proposed future private placement (the Proposed Private Placement is less than .
The Company recorded share-based compensation of in connection with the Settlement Agreement. 

F- 20 

under a secured convertible original
issue discount promissory note (the New VPEG Note ). Any loan made pursuant to the New VPEG Note will reflect a original
issue discount, will not bear interest in addition to the original issue discount, will be secured by a security interest in all of the
Company s assets, and at the option of VPEG will be convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion
price equal to per share or, such lower price as shares of Common Stock are sold to investors in the Proposed Private Placement. 

to cover advances from VPEG through October 30, 2020 and the
Company s working capital needs. 

to cover future working capital needs. 

to cover future working capital needs. 

reportable segment in geographical
area, there is no segment revenue or asset information to present. 

F- 21 

Denominator 

Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 

Effect
 of dilutive securities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Diluted weighted average
 common shares outstanding 

Net loss per common share 

Basic and diluted 

and , respectively, were excluded from
the calculation of dilutive shares because the effect of including them would have been anti-dilutive. 

and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

from VPEG pursuant to the
New VPEG Note. 

F- 22 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Austin, State of Texas, on this 11th day of April, 2023. 

VICTORY OILFIELD TECH, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Kevin
 DeLeon 

Kevin DeLeon 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/
 Kevin DeLeon 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Principal 
 
 April
 11, 2023 
 
 Kevin
 DeLeon 
 
 Financial
 and Accounting Officer and 

Director
 (Principal Executive Officer and 

Principal
 Financial and Accounting 

Officer) 

/s/
 Ronald W. Zamber 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 
 
 April
 11, 2023 
 
 Ronald
 W. Zamber 

/s/
 Robert Grenley 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 11, 2023 
 
 Robert
 Grenley 

/s/
 Ricardo A. Salas 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 11, 2023 
 
 Ricardo
 A. Salas 

43 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_victoryoil.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Kevin DeLeon, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Victory Oilfield Tech, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I
am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and
the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

April 11, 2023 

/s/ Kevin DeLeon 

Kevin DeLeon 

Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial 

and Accounting
Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex32-1_victoryoil.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned Chief Executive Officer and
Principal Financial Officer of VICTORY OILFIELD TECH, INC. (the Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

 1. The
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

 2. Information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed
this statement this 11th day of April, 2023. 

/s/ Kevin DeLeon 

Kevin DeLeon 

Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial 

and Accounting Officer 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to Victory Oilfield Tech, Inc. and will be retained by Victory Oilfield Tech, Inc. and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

 The forgoing certification is being furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether
made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 vyey-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 vyey-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 vyey-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 vyey-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 vyey-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

