<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230526_10-K_edgar_data_1516513_0001516513-23-000036.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12077753</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>400540</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2125086</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3813387</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2941215</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2612049</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001516513-23-000036.hdr.sgml : 20230526
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230526080634
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001516513-23-000036
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		109
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230526
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230526

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Doximity, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001516513
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		IRS NUMBER:				272485512
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40508
		FILM NUMBER:		23963122

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 THIRD STREET
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94107
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(650) 549-4330

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 THIRD STREET
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94107

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001516513-23-000036.txt : 20230526

10-K
 1
 docs-20230331.htm
 10-K

docs-20230331 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 
 Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Table of Contents 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of September 30, 2022, based on the closing price of 30.22 for a share of Class A common stock on the New York Stock Exchange, was approximately billion. 
 The registrant had outstanding shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock as of May 19, 2023. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Part I 
 3 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 42 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 42 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 43 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 43 
 Part II 
 44 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 44 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 46 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 47 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 57 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 58 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 95 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 95 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 95 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 95 
 Part III 
 96 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 96 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 96 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 96 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 96 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 96 
 Part IV 
 97 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 97 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 9 8 
 Signatures 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which are statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as may, will, shall, should, expects, plans, anticipates, could, intends, target, projects, contemplates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, or continue or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our expectations regarding our revenue, expenses, and other operating results; 
 our future financial performance; 
 our expectations and management of future growth; 
 our ability to acquire new members and successfully retain existing members; 
 our ability to acquire new customers and successfully retain existing customers; 
 our ability to achieve or maintain our profitability; 
 future investments in our business, our anticipated capital expenditures, and our estimates regarding our capital requirements; 
 the costs and success of our sales and marketing efforts, and our ability to promote our brand; 
 our ability to effectively manage our growth, including our ability to identify, retain, and recruit personnel, and maintain our culture; 
 our ability to comply with laws and regulations; 
 our ability to successfully defend litigation brought against us; 
 our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our intellectual property rights and any costs associated therewith; 
 our ability to maintain data privacy and data security; 
 our ability to respond to rapid technological changes; 
 our expectations regarding the impact of uncertainty in the current economic environment and macroeconomic uncertainty, including the resurgence or resolution of the COVID-19 pandemic or other pandemics, epidemics or infectious diseases; 
 our ability to compete effectively with existing competitors and new market entrants; 
 the growth rates of the markets in which we compete; 
 the increased expenses associated with being a public company; 
 the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities to meet our liquidity needs; 
 our ability to comply with modified or new laws and regulations applying to our business; 
 our ability to successfully identify, acquire, and integrate companies and assets; 
 developments and projections relating to our competitors and our industry, including competing solutions; 
 impact from future regulatory, judicial, and legislative changes or developments that may affect our customers or our business; and 
 the risks related to our Class A common stock and our dual class common stock structure. 
 We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The results, events, and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 
 The forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, or investments we may make. 
 In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and you are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 We are the leading digital platform for U.S. medical professionals, as measured by the number of U.S. physician members, with over two million medical professional members as of March 31, 2023. Our members include more than 80 of physicians across all 50 states and every medical specialty, as well as over 50 of U.S. nurse practitioners and physician assistants, and over 90 of graduating U.S. medical students. 
 Our mission is to help every physician be more productive and provide better care for their patients. We are physicians-first, putting technology to work for doctors instead of the other way around. That guiding principle has enabled Doximity to become an essential and trusted professional platform for physicians. Doximity s physician cloud puts modern software tools in the hands of physicians and other medical professionals. We provide our members with capabilities specifically built for medical professionals, enabling them to collaborate with their colleagues, securely coordinate patient care, conduct virtual patient visits, stay up-to-date with the latest medical news and research, monitor their work schedules, and manage their careers. 
 At the core of our platform is the largest medical professional network in the nation, which creates proximity within our community of doctors and hundreds of thousands of other medical professionals. Our focus on clinician-centric product design and productivity has led to high levels of adoption and endorsement by health professionals. For example, we had over 380,000 unique active providers use our telehealth tools in the quarter ended March 31, 2023. 
 Our business model is designed to both respect and support physicians while driving value for our customers through our Marketing, Hiring, and Telehealth Solutions (as defined below). Our revenue-generating customers, primarily pharmaceutical manufacturers and health systems, have access to a suite of commercial solutions that benefit from broad physician usage. 
 Our Marketing Solutions enable our pharmaceutical and health system customers to get the right content, services, and peer connections to the right medical professionals through a variety of modules. Our Marketing Solutions deliver high engagement and help those customers embrace the shift to digital marketing. We count the top pharmaceutical manufacturers, hospitals, and health systems as our customers. 
 Our Hiring Solutions provide digital recruiting capabilities to health systems and medical recruiting firms, enabling them to identify, connect with, and hire from our network of both active and passive potential medical professional candidates, who might otherwise be missed through traditional recruiting channels. 
 Our Telehealth Solutions , which are software tools that include voice and video Dialer, are designed to easily connect patients with care providers. 
 The ecosystem we have created in the medical community benefits from powerful network effects. Medical professional engagement with our platform increases as the breadth and utility of our tools expands, attracting even more members and driving broader and more effective communication and collaboration among healthcare professionals. This also drives greater value for our pharmaceutical and health system customers that seek to interact with specific groups of physicians. In turn, the insights that we gain from increased use of our platform enable us to invest in improving our tools and solutions to meet the changing needs of our members, customers, and the patients that they care for, ultimately creating a win-win-win for all constituents in our ecosystem. 
 Our member interactions have enabled us to build a vast, interactive data set intelligently combining proprietary information and previously-siloed public information. When combined with our customized algorithms and our team of analysts, engineers, and clinical experts, we believe we have unique, unparalleled insight into the specific needs of U.S. medical professionals that would be highly challenging and time-consuming for any competitor to replicate. 
 Our Tools for Medical Professionals 
 The Doximity platform is free to join and use for U.S. medical professionals. Becoming a member of Doximity is as simple as navigating to our homepage or downloading our mobile app, and completing our simple identity and credential verification process. Our platform provides most medical professionals with a pre-populated Doximity professional profile reflecting publicly and commercially available third-party data which members can further supplement, update, and refine. 
 Once verified, members gain access to our network, newsfeed, and depending on their credentials our productivity tools, including voice and video Dialer. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Our Professional Network 
 Profile. Members have a personalized and validated professional profile on the Doximity network that acts as a digital curriculum vitae. Profile information includes education and training, hospital affiliations, and practice contact information as well as certifications and licenses, specialization and clinical expertise, links to published research reports and press mentions, clinical trial participation, and any awards conferred. Our technology automatically searches for and updates profiles with new relevant information such as additional press mentions and awards. Members may also choose to share personal contact information (such as email or cell phone number) with other medical professionals on our platform. 
 Connectivity with colleagues. Our network makes it easy for professionals to connect and stay in touch with the broader medical community. We regularly suggest new connections to members, such as co-residents, co-fellows, co-authors, colleagues from the same hospital or practice, and medical school classmates, enabling referrals, and sharing of medical knowledge and career opportunities. 
 Search. Members can use our powerful search technology to find other medical professionals by name, specialty, expertise, affiliation, or location. For example, a physician may have a patient with a chronic condition that requires specialist care at another health system or in another state. The physician can use our search tool to find the right expert for the specific chronic condition at the closest health system, and potentially leverage mutual connections for a warm introduction. 
 Careers. Our platform provides numerous tools that empower physicians to manage their careers effectively from training through retirement. 
 For practicing physicians. Members can browse permanent and locum tenens opportunities, set up job alerts to stay abreast of career opportunities matching their interests, and directly connect with our Hiring Solutions customers. Members also have access to detailed job market data, such as our Salary Map, which provides an unparalleled county-level look at physician compensation trends across specialties and geographies. 
 For students and residents . Members beginning their medical careers can discover and compare training programs across the country using Residency Navigator, a tool that provides a transparent look into U.S. medical residency programs, powered by peer nominations, ratings, and firsthand reviews, giving medical students the information they need to navigate their future in medicine and to help choose the right program for their career goals. We do not accept fees or payments from hospitals or medical residency programs to impact their ranking or visibility on Residency Navigator. Residency Navigator serves as a relationship funnel for new members at the beginning of their medical careers. Over 90 of graduating U.S. medical students join Doximity to use tools including Residency Navigator before earning their medical degree. 
 Newsfeed 
 Our newsfeed serves as the personalized, curated home screen for each member when they sign on to the Doximity platform. We leverage artificial intelligence, or AI, including machine learning, or ML, to create a personalized and curated newsfeed for each of our members. Our platform provides access, free of charge to all of our members, to content from a variety of internal and third-party sources, including content created in-house and content linked to third-party sites (some of which may require a separate subscription). 
 Medical articles. Our platform uses both algorithms and clinical editors to select content from a variety of sources based on a member s profile and reading interests. Information used to select articles includes each member s specialties, qualifications, connections, and content preferences, along with what is popular across our network at that time. We are able to aggregate connections to relevant content from a variety of different sources, such as medical journals and specialist websites that a member might otherwise have to search for separately. 
 Medical videos. Information about recent clinical trials or research results are distributed in an easy-to-consume video format, optimized for desktop or mobile viewing. Videos are designed to be brief, relevant and eye-catching to disseminate knowledge without wasting a physician s time. 
 Continuing Medical Education, or CME, credit. Our platform automatically tracks the articles that our members read, logging eligible CME credit for them as they go. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Peer and colleague updates. Doximity members can stay abreast of and celebrate the professional updates and accomplishments of their peers and colleagues, from new jobs to awards, newly authored publications, and press mentions. 
 Clinical discussions . Members can comment on and react to posts directly in their newsfeeds. For example, members might discuss the results of a new clinical study, or even ask questions to the author of that study. Ultimately, dialogue and interactive elements drive engagement within the ecosystem and facilitate peer-to-peer education. 
 Op-Med. Members can submit Op-Med articles for publication on Doximity. These articles are long-form content written by clinicians for clinicians, covering topics such as front-line experiences and practice-changing viewpoints. They provide the opportunity for our members to express their expertise and further elevate and engage the profession. 
 Sponsored content. Certain articles, videos, and other types of content are identified as sponsored content and are designed to be highly relevant to our members. Sponsored content is created in concert with our customers, including pharmaceutical manufacturers and health systems, and may include information about medications, clinical trials, guidelines and resources, and trends in medical and patient care. Sponsored content is developed in collaboration with our customer success team to ensure they meet the high quality standards of our community. 
 Productivity 
 Members of our platform are able to access our productivity tools, a suite of Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA, compliant communication and digital workflow tools that are designed with their needs in mind to make their daily workflows more efficient. We include the following critical digital tools in one easy-to-use app and website. 
 Digital Workflow: Fax and eSignature. The Doximity platform allows physicians to send and receive HIPAA-compliant faxes through our mobile app or website. Members can electronically create, sign, edit, date, add attachments, and customize the cover page for their faxed documents, eliminating the need to print, manually sign, and re-scan documents. This streamlines patient care coordination and digital record keeping. . 
 Secure Messaging. The Doximity messaging functionality enables members to collaborate securely regarding patient consultations and coordinate care across multiple care team members, specialists, systems, or locations. 
 Dialer . Our members can connect with their patients through our Dialer telehealth feature: Dialer Free is available for free to verified healthcare provider members, Dialer Pro is a paid version with some enhanced capabilities, and Dialer Enterprise is available for purchase by health systems and hospitals. Calls can be voice or video-based, and our service provides valuable features such as a preset Caller ID displaying the provider s office number, the ability to easily add an interpreter or family member, or to hand off the call to another member of the care team with one click, all in a HIPAA-compliant manner. 
 Our Solutions for Healthcare Customers 
 We offer Marketing, Hiring, and Telehealth Solutions to pharmaceutical manufacturers, health systems, medical recruiting firms, and certain other healthcare companies on a predominantly subscription basis. Our solutions benefit both our customers and our members, containing useful and relevant information for the member's particular area of practice and their patients needs, while being respectful of their time. 
 Marketing Solutions 
 We provide a digital marketing platform for pharmaceutical manufacturers and health systems to serve our members with tailored sponsored content that is highly relevant to their clinical practices, including information about medications, clinical trials, guidelines and resources, and trends in medical and patient care. Pharmaceutical manufacturers purchase programs on a brand-by-brand basis, and health systems execute programs on a service line-by-service line basis. Service lines in health systems refer to patient-centric clinical specialties, such as cardiology, oncology, neurology, and otolaryngology, among others. 
 Our customers are able to specify a combination of audience attributes, such as specialty, credential, and location, and also choose modules. Modules are the core building blocks of the marketing plan and are additive to one another. We package them into sponsored programs to meet the needs of individual brands and service lines. Our sponsored modules can be categorized as Awareness, Interactivity, and Peer, as follows: 
 Awareness: sponsored modules that generate awareness and build name recognition, such as text and video articles. The content of these modules may include updates on how certain drugs perform in clinical trials, the opening of new hospitals or departments within a health system, or other information that is relevant to our members. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Interactivity : sponsored modules that enable digital activities such as conference attendance, connecting with a sales representative, booking an appointment, or ordering product samples. 
 Peer : sponsored modules that enable our members to connect and build professional relationships with thought-leaders, department chairs, and other experts within the Doximity network. 
 We continuously seek to develop new modules in response to customer feedback and market trends and to address specific needs of our customers. For example, an Interactivity module may appear adjacent to articles about scientific congresses or professional meetings. We take a rigorous approach to launching new modules, including internal and customer pilots. 
 Our goal is to make sponsored content useful, relevant, and informative for our members. We have a customer success team that ensures both that our customers receive tangible, measurable, and repeatable benefits from their marketing spend, and that our members have access to sponsored content that is relevant, informative, and meets the high quality standards of our community. The team works directly with our customers to deeply understand a customer s goals, priorities, and messaging before helping with content and media formats. Our team can develop new content or fine-tune and reformat existing content for digital and feed-friendly marketing. We also provide ongoing support and reporting at the customer s request. 
 We have become a valued collaborator to our customers. We have a track record of expanding throughout the medication portfolios of pharmaceutical customers and into additional service lines throughout a health system while also upselling additional modules. 
 Hiring Solutions 
 We offer our Hiring Solutions to both health systems and medical recruiting firms, which pay for subscriptions that provide them the ability to search and connect with medical professionals on Doximity. Our AI and ML-supported platform enables customers to run highly targeted hiring campaigns across a range of medical specialties and sub-specialties, uncovering passive but eligible candidates for proactive outreach for any locum tenens or permanent position. 
 Our modules for Hiring Solutions consist of the following: 
 Job posts. Individual listings on our platform for open jobs, either posted directly by a health system or by a recruiting firm. Our members can search and browse these listings. 
 Direct message. Recruiters, physicians, and administrators can direct message members who might be a good fit for a given open position. These messages may or may not be for an opening that has been posted on our job posts. 
 Both job posts and direct messages are sold as a subscription that entitles the customer to a certain number of job listings or messages on a self-serve basis throughout the subscription period. 
 We also have a tech-enabled, higher-touch Hiring Solution called Curative Talent, combining Doximity s data science and intelligence with the service of Curative s customer-focused recruiters. Our account managers at Curative work with health systems to source both locum tenens and permanent staffing, leveraging our platform and providing a higher level of support on an ongoing basis than our self-service Hiring Solutions. Health systems contract staffing placements directly with Curative on an hourly-fee or a placement-fee basis. 
 Telehealth Solutions for Health Systems 
 We provide Dialer Enterprise to health systems and hospitals seeking an accessible and powerful telehealth solution. The organic adoption of our direct-to-member offerings Dialer Free and Dialer Pro is an important factor driving our Enterprise offerings. Many users have already adopted Dialer into their regular workflow and this familiarity significantly streamlines implementation when health systems are deploying Dialer Enterprise while competitor solutions often require a full physician training. 
 Dialer Enterprise enables unlimited access to Dialer for all users across a health system s organization, and unlocks the same premium feature set as Dialer Pro with an added service layer for the organization that includes a dedicated customer success manager, premium user support, and monthly utilization reporting. Health system customers also have the opportunity to brand the user and patient experience as well as leverage their own security and HIPAA contractual requirements to create consistent protocols for use. Our health system team can also integrate Dialer into our customer's electronic medical record system so that their users can access Dialer directly within their existing clinical workflows. 
 Dialer Enterprise is sold as a subscription, with pricing based on the size of the health system. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Scheduling Capabilities for Health Systems 
 We also offer a shift scheduling service to health systems through our acquisition of AMiON, which closed on April 1, 2022. AMiON helps health systems easily manage care coverage across their service lines, by enabling administrators and staff to view work schedules, communicate with colleagues, swap and adjust shifts, and sync work shifts to personal calendars. 
 Our Strengths 
 Our business exhibits a number of key strengths which we believe position us to drive sustained growth. 
 We are the trusted and secure physician-first platform. Since our founding, Doximity has been built to be physician-first, with trust at the core of what we do. We verify the identities and credentials of our medical professionals through integration with third-party databases. In addition, our communications solutions are HIPAA compliant, providing medical professionals with a critical platform for protected communications. 
 We have the largest digital network of medical professionals. Our members have the broadest available range of professional connections and networking opportunities through our platform, and we believe we have become the primary physician-to-physician connectivity medium. The scale and strength of our network have made us a strategic collaborator of choice for pharmaceutical manufacturers and health systems. We enable these organizations to engage with a valuable and otherwise difficult-to-reach audience, covering an increasing number of specialized medical professionals and enabling targeted outreach. 
 We benefit from powerful network effects. Both the medical professionals and customers that use our platform benefit immensely from access to our large and dynamic ecosystem, and we fuel the expansion of this network of medical professionals, pharmaceutical manufacturers, and health systems by adding new tools and solutions to our platform. As we expand our capabilities, Doximity becomes more attractive to new and existing members and customers, ultimately generating more data and insights that allow us to develop better tools and solutions, and build greater scale. 
 We are deeply embedded in physician workflows . Our tools and third-party integrations are designed to solve workflow pain points for physicians. Our tools provide physicians with the ability to deliver best-in-class healthcare, spend more time with patients, and ultimately improve patient care. 
 We innately understand physician workflows are different from traditional technology workflows . Through having product leaders who are physicians, designers, and engineers familiar with healthcare services, and an extended team of medical professionals in our advisory committees, we are able to build solutions that enable physicians to better care for their patients and act as an extension of their practice. 
 We are strategic to our customers . We provide a unique, digital channel to connect our customers with the most valuable professionals in healthcare. Marketing Solutions customers, such as pharmaceutical manufacturers and health systems, gain access to a solution with a proven return on investment. Hiring Solutions customers, including health systems and medical recruiting firms, gain access to a comprehensive nationwide network and database of specialty and sub-specialty professionals. We align our goals with our customers and help them make the necessary leap to digital. 
 Our Growth Strategies 
 Grow the Doximity Network. While we will continue to grow our number of physician members, we are under-penetrated among other types of medical professionals such as nurse practitioners, and have an opportunity to expand our offering to physical therapists, dentists, psychologists, and many other professions. As more medical professionals join our platform, we become a more valuable connectivity tool for members, and a more valuable marketing and hiring channel for pharmaceutical manufacturers and health systems. 
 Continuously improve and innovate on our platform. Improving our existing capabilities, and innovating to add new tools and solutions, will make our platform more valuable to members, helping to attract new members and customers, while increasing the engagement of existing ones. 
 Expand within existing customers of our solutions. Our existing customers represent a significant opportunity to grow our platform. Many of our large pharmaceutical customers initially run marketing programs for a certain number of brands but have a track record of increasing their spend with us both by adding modules and expanding across more of their portfolio of brands once they have seen the quantifiable benefits of our Marketing Solutions. Health systems have a similar track record of expanding their usage of our platform across different service lines. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Attract new customers. We have an opportunity to engage additional pharmaceutical manufacturers and health systems and potential customers in other industries as we raise awareness of our offerings through our sales and marketing efforts and as we expand our offerings. 
 Further monetize our Telehealth Solutions. Our telehealth tools are used and trusted by hundreds of thousands of our members, and the rapid adoption by health systems of our commercial Telehealth Solution, Dialer Enterprise, following its launch reflects that professional trust. Our Dialer Enterprise solution is still in its early stages and we have significant whitespace ahead of us. We continue to look for opportunities to sell solutions that build on our Telehealth offering. 
 Grow our patient-facing tools. Patients can search for the right doctor or hospital for their needs through our collaboration with the Doctor Finder tool of U.S. News World Report, which publicly displays summary physician profiles and hospital rankings powered by an integration with our Doximity network. We also collaborate with U.S. News World Report to offer a direct-to-patient scheduling tool for health systems. We see opportunities to expand our offerings to patients in the future. Consumers on the platform would also create a significant value opportunity for our customers. 
 Consider strategic acquisitions to expand our platform capabilities . In the past, we have selectively used mergers and acquisitions to accelerate our product roadmap to bring medical professionals and customers more complete solutions and increase demand for our products. For example, in fiscal 2021, we acquired Curative Talent, a medical recruiting agency, in order to augment our Hiring Solutions with a tech-enabled, higher-touch service, and on April 1, 2022, we acquired the AMiON shift scheduling service to further expand our physician cloud platform. We plan to continue evaluating similar opportunities and execute on them if we find the right fit for our members, customers, and our company. 
 Our Technology Platform 
 Our technology platform supports a vast network of member connections, with regularly updated profiles, secure communication and productivity tools, and vast amounts of searchable indexed data. Together, we believe these features of our physician cloud form a valuable competitive strength. 
 Platform Advantages 
 Extensive and dynamic database of U.S. physician information: Since the launch of our business, members have interacted with each other and our technology platform hundreds of millions of times. This has enabled us to build a vast, interactive data set intelligently combining proprietary information and previously siloed public information. Along with user-entered input, our proprietary algorithms constantly identify new information for our members from hundreds of third-party sources that are isolated and siloed in the healthcare space. The up-to-date and scaled nature of our database is critical to the value proposition for both our members and our pharmaceutical manufacturer and health system customers. 
 Statistical and machine learning methodologies: We utilize proprietary statistical and machine learning methodologies across our platform for a number of use cases to benefit our members. Some of the major components include: 
 Aggregating and coupling disjointed datasets from numerous medical sources into a live database of physician information to perform descriptive, diagnostic, and prescriptive analysis. 
 Medical news tailored to a member s specific specialty, clinical areas of interest, and viewing history, ensuring that each member s news feed is personalized to them and that the digital marketing content of our pharmaceutical and health system customers will be served to members that are more likely to find it relevant and interesting based on their profile and viewing history. 
 Automatically matching top candidates with openings offered by recruiters and administrators based on job history, interests, and geography. 
 Extensive, interactive database of U.S. medical residency and employment data: We collect and maintain a vast repository of residency and employment data from our members, which includes member reviews on their experience at hospitals and residency programs, detailed statistics on user experiences regarding program setting and training environment, and a salary map across different specialties and geographies across the country. We make this data 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 available to all of our members in easily accessible portals which are automatically updated as our members provide additional data on the platform. 
 Proprietary productivity and telehealth tools: Our productivity and telehealth tools have been built to be physician-first with usability in mind at every step. Built on top of a modern software stack that ensures rapid scalability and enterprise-grade reliability, our tools allow doctors to communicate via messages, voice, and video and their patients do not need to install an app to be connected. On top of this base service, we have designed a broad range of customized, physician-first telehealth features specific to our platform such as call nudge reminding a patient of a visit, straight to voicemail enabling physicians to choose not to disturb patients after-hours, and the flexibility to switch between voice and video at will, among others. 
 Design Principles: Our technology stack and product development teams are set up to enable rapid prototyping and development of new features via controlled rollouts. We focus on innovative, useful and unobtrusive features that are designed to optimize the healthcare professional s workflow. And at all times, we follow the stringent security and privacy requirements of a physician s data; our messaging tools are compliant with HIPAA and validated through external auditing procedures. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We employ a direct sales organization composed of highly trained team members. The sales organization is segmented primarily by customer type. For example, there is one enterprise-focused team concentrating on pharmaceutical manufacturers and another concentrating on health systems. Our direct sales organization also reaches customers through indirect channels, such as third-party marketing agencies utilized by our pharmaceutical and health system customers. 
 The direct sales organization is supported by marketing and customer success specialists. We generate customer leads, accelerate sales opportunities, and build brand awareness through our marketing programs, both digitally and offline. These programs target decision-makers to provide information about our company and solutions through digital advertising, field marketing events, integrated marketing programs (including direct email and online advertising), industry events, trade shows, and conferences. Our customer success team supports customer retention by working directly with customers to produce higher engagement with our solutions, which in turn expands their use of the platform in the future. 
 Competition 
 Although we have built a scaled and highly differentiated platform, we face competition across different aspects of our business. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, intense competition from a number of companies, and we expect such competition to increase as our industry evolves. Specifically, we compete for medical professionals as platform members, and for pharmaceutical and health system companies as customers for our Marketing, Hiring, and Telehealth Solutions. 
 Competing for members: We compete with large technology companies that have developed online networking and collaboration tools such as LinkedIn, Facebook, Google, and Twitter, in addition to smaller, emerging companies. However, we believe we are the only professional network solely dedicated to medical professionals, with a purpose-built platform specifically designed to address a broad range of unique needs of today s healthcare professionals. 
 Competing for customers: We compete across several categories to access spend in the healthcare category. We specifically compete for access to marketing, hiring, and telehealth budgets. We believe that our platform and the network of medical professionals on Doximity allow us to provide our customers with solutions that result in attractive returns on their marketing and hiring budgets. 
 Marketing : We compete with online and offline outlets that provide marketing and advertising services that enable pharmaceutical manufacturers and health systems to educate medical professionals about their brands. These outlets include health-related websites and mobile apps. 
 Hiring: We compete in the healthcare staffing industry with job boards, self-service recruiting tools, and medical recruiting firms in national, regional, and local markets. We compete with large healthcare staffing companies as well as smaller, more regionally focused companies. 
 Telehealth: We compete with providers of communication solutions, such as Zoom Video Communications and Microsoft Teams. In addition, we compete with dedicated telehealth services, such as Teladoc Health and Amwell, in addition to smaller, emerging companies that provide telehealth services on behalf of employers and insurance plans. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 The industries in which our products are offered are evolving rapidly and are becoming increasingly competitive. Larger and more established companies may focus on our market and could directly compete with us. Smaller companies, including application developers, could also launch new products and services that compete with us and that could gain market acceptance quickly. We also expect our existing competitors in the markets for Marketing, Hiring, and Telehealth Solutions to continue to focus on these areas. Many of our competitors and potential competitors have significantly greater financial, technological, and other resources than we do and greater name recognition and more established distribution networks and relationships with healthcare providers than us. As a result, many of these companies may respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and standards and changes in customer requirements. These companies may be able to invest more resources in research and development, strategic acquisitions, sales and marketing, patent prosecution, litigation, and financing capital equipment acquisitions for their customers. 
 Our competitors may announce new products, services, or enhancements that better address changing industry standards or the needs of members and customers, such as mobile access. Any such increased competition could cause pricing pressure, loss of market share or decreased member engagement, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. Internet search engines could also change their methodologies in ways that adversely affect our ability to optimize our page rankings within their search results. If this occurs, our ability to successfully market our services to customers may be harmed and our business results may suffer. 
 Our People, Culture, Values, and Human Capital Resources 
 At Doximity, we organize our teams into small, nimble groups that operate autonomously, are empowered to make decisions quickly, and aim to stay close to our members and customers. We prioritize diversity and inclusion, and regularly track our progress against quantifiable goals. We have always been a geographically distributed team. We supplement our workforce with contractors and consultants in the United States and internationally. 
 We champion the following core values: 
 Get Stuff Done: We are doers. We solve problems every day by treating obstacles like an adventure. 
 Straight Talk: We say what we think and every voice is heard and respected. Transparency makes us stronger. 
 Stretch Goals: Innovation requires risk-taking. We challenge assumptions and shoot for the stars. 
 Bring the Real You: We bring our quirky, unique selves to work. Diverse personalities create a more interesting and creative environment. 
 Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing, and integrating our existing and new employees. The principal purposes of our equity incentive plans are to attract, retain, and motivate selected employees, consultants, and directors through the granting of stock-based compensation awards and cash-based performance bonus awards. To our knowledge, none of our employees is represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any work stoppages, and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. 
 As of March 31, 2023, we had a total of 977 full-time equivalent employees. More than a third of our full-time equivalent employees work in R D, including in product, engineering, and data. 
 Data Protection, Security, and Regulatory Compliance 
 The data we collect and process is an integral part of our tools and solutions, allowing us to ensure our members are verified, the experience we provide is engaging and personalized, and the content we present is the most relevant. In addition, our business is subject to extensive, complex, and rapidly changing federal and state laws and regulations governing data processing, healthcare regulation, financial services laws, regulations and rules, such as HIPAA, and related matters. Our respect for laws and regulations regarding the processing of personal data underlies our strategy to improve our member experience and build trust in our network and platform. While we believe we comply in all material respects with applicable laws and regulations, these regulations can vary significantly from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and interpretation and enforcement of existing laws and regulations may change periodically. Federal and state legislatures also may enact various legislative proposals that could materially impact certain aspects of our business. For additional information, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business We are subject to stringent and changing laws, regulations, self-regulatory schemes, contractual obligations, and standards related to privacy, data protection, and information security. The actual or perceived failure by us, our customers, partners, or vendors to comply with such obligations could harm our reputation, subject us to significant fines and liability, or otherwise adversely affect our business.. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Data Collection and Protection 
 We collect and may use personal information to help run our business (including for analytical purposes) and to communicate and otherwise reach our network members. In some instances, we may use third-party service providers to assist us in these efforts. 
 We endeavor to treat our members personal information with respect and maintain member trust. We provide our members with options designed to allow them to control their information, such as allowing our members to decide which profile contact information is viewable publicly and which is accessible to new connections. Members can also request deletion of their personal information or to opt out of selling or sharing their personal information under applicable privacy laws and procedures. Our privacy and security teams are devoted to processing and fulfilling member requests regarding access to and deletion of their personal information. 
 Physician information that is posted to profiles is protected with anti-scraping technologies such as a Web Application Firewall, Runtime Application Self-Protection, Bot Protection, Rate-Limiting, and our network employs DDoS mitigation technology to protect against attacks. All data is encrypted in transit and at rest using TLS 1.2, and personal health information is encrypted at rest using AES-256 encryption. Along with a dedicated in-house security team and contracted security researchers, we maintain a comprehensive bug bounty program for proactive vulnerability inspection of our entire offering. 
 U.S. state and federal health information privacy and security laws 
 There are numerous U.S. federal and state laws and regulations related to the privacy and security of personally identifiable information, including health information. In particular, HIPAA established privacy and security standards that limit the use and disclosure of protected health information, referred to as PHI, and require the implementation of administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of individually identifiable health information in electronic form. Our members as well as many of our Dialer Enterprise customers are regulated as covered entities under HIPAA. As a service provider who creates, receives, maintains, or transmits PHI on behalf of these covered entities for certain of our services, Doximity is a business associate as defined under HIPAA. 
 Violations of HIPAA may result in civil and criminal penalties and a single breach incident can result in violations of multiple standards. In the event of a breach, we must also comply with HIPAA s breach notification rule and our covered entity enterprise customers may require we provide assistance in the breach notification process and may seek indemnification and other contractual remedies. State attorneys general also have the right to prosecute HIPAA violations committed against residents of their states, and individuals have used HIPAA standards as the basis for the duty of care in state civil suits, such as those for negligence or recklessness in misusing personal information. In addition, HIPAA mandates that HHS conduct periodic compliance audits of HIPAA-covered entities and their business associates for compliance. 
 Further, many states in which we operate and in which our members and customers as well as their patients reside also have laws that protect the privacy and security of sensitive and personal information, including health information, information regarding mental health and substance use treatment, and other information related to the provision of healthcare services. Some of these laws also prohibit unfair privacy and security practices and deceptive statements about privacy and security and place specific requirements on certain types of activities, such as data security and texting. These laws may be similar to or even more protective than HIPAA and other federal privacy laws. For example, the laws of the State of California, in which we operate, are more restrictive than HIPAA, including the provisions of the California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, which went into effect January 1, 2020, and the California Privacy Act, or CPRA, which went into effect on January 1, 2023, and significantly modified the CCPA. While any information we process in our role as a business associate may be exempt from state privacy laws, other records and information we maintain on our members may be subject to these laws. Where state laws are more protective than HIPAA or require us to take action such as breach notification, we must comply with the state laws we are subject to, in addition to HIPAA. In certain cases, it may be necessary to modify our planned operations and procedures to comply with these more stringent state laws. Not only may some of these state laws impose fines and penalties upon violators, but also some, unlike HIPAA, may afford private rights of action to individuals who believe their personal information has been misused. In addition, state laws are changing rapidly, and there is discussion of a new federal privacy law or federal breach notification law, to which we may be subject. For additional information, see Risk Factors Risks Related to the Healthcare Industry. 
 Federal and State Telecommunications Laws 
 There are a number of federal and state laws and regulations potentially applicable to communications by phone, text message, or facsimile, including the TCPA, and those laws and regulations are continuously evolving. Our services that allow members and other platform users to leverage such telephonic communications may be subject to these laws and regulations. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Other Healthcare Laws and Regulations and Health Reform 
 There are many laws that govern the activities of healthcare professionals, some of which may be applied to us because of our relationships with them. Some of these requirements may apply to us even if we do not have a physical presence in the state, based solely on our agreements with providers licensed in the state. Many states limit the scope of business relationships between business entities and medical professionals. For example, while many states fee-splitting laws only prohibit a physician from sharing medical fees with a referral source, some states have interpreted certain management agreements between business entities and physicians as unlawful fee-splitting. These laws generally prohibit us from exercising control over the medical judgments or decisions of physicians and non-physician healthcare providers and from engaging in certain financial arrangements, such as splitting professional fees with healthcare providers. In addition, certain federal and state anti-kickback and false claims laws may apply to us indirectly through our arrangements with healthcare professionals and entities. Statutes and regulations relating to the practice of medicine, anti-kickback, fraud, fee-splitting, and similar issues vary widely from state to state. Because these laws are often vague, their application is frequently dependent on court rulings and attorney general opinions. 
 In addition, there have been several legislative and regulatory changes and proposed reforms of the healthcare system to contain costs, improve quality, and expand access to care, as well as changes and proposed reforms relating to public health emergencies and pandemic responses. Failure to comply with any of these laws or regulations could lead to adverse judicial or administrative action against us and/or our provider customers, civil or criminal penalties, receipt of cease and desist orders from state regulators, loss of provider licenses, the need to make changes to the terms of engagement of our provider customers that interfere with our business, and other materially adverse consequences. For additional information, see Risk Factors Risks Related to the Healthcare Industry. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We believe that our intellectual property rights are valuable and important to our business. We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, patents, trade secrets, license agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements, employee disclosure and invention assignment agreements, as well as other legal and contractual rights, to establish and protect our proprietary rights. However, our contractual provisions may not always be effective at preventing unauthorized parties from obtaining our intellectual property and proprietary technologies. In addition, though we rely in part upon these legal and contractual protections, we believe that factors such as the skills and ingenuity of our employees and the functionality and frequent enhancements to our platform are larger contributors to our success in the market. 
 As of March 31, 2023, we have five provisional patent applications in the United States. We continually review our development efforts to assess the existence and patentability of new intellectual property. 
 We have an ongoing trademark and service mark registration program pursuant to which we register our brand names, product names, and logos in the United States to the extent we determine appropriate and cost-effective. As of March 31, 2023, we have a total of eleven registered or applied-for trademarks in the United States and four registered trademarks in non-U.S. jurisdictions. We also have registered domain names for websites that we use in our business, such as www.doximity.com and other variations. 
 We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost-effective. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, they may not be respected in the future or may be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged. In addition, if we were to expand internationally, the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as laws in the United States. We may be dependent on third-party content, technology, and intellectual property in connection with our business. We expect that infringement claims may increase as the number of products and competitors in our market increase. In addition, to the extent that we gain greater visibility and market exposure as a public company, we face a higher risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement claims from third parties. Any third party intellectual property claims against us could significantly increase our expenses and could have a significant and negative impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Seasonality 
 Historically, we have experienced some seasonality based on the timing of marketing programs, subscription launches on our platform and budgetary timing of purchases of additional modules. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate Information 
 We were incorporated in the state of Delaware in April 2010 as 3MD Communications, Inc. and we subsequently changed the name to Doximity, Inc. in June 2010. Our principal executive offices are located at 500 3rd Street, Suite 510, San Francisco, California 94107, and our telephone number is (650) 549-4330. 
 Available Information 
 We file electronically with the SEC our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Proxy Statement, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. In addition, copies of these reports and other information may be obtained, free of charge, on our website at www.investors.doximity.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The SEC also maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy statements and other information about issuers, like us, that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is www.sec.gov. 
 We webcast our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community on our investor relations website. Additionally, we provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases, and blogs as part of our investor relations website. We have used, and intend to continue to use, our investor relations website as a means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Further corporate governance information, including our corporate governance guidelines, composition of our board and its committees, and Code of Conduct, are also available on our investor relations website under the heading Governance Documents. The contents of our websites are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 13 

Table of Content s 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 A description of the risks and uncertainties associated with our business is set forth below. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto, and the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The risks and uncertainties described below may not be the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that affect us. If any of the following risks occur, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be harmed. In that event, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline and you could lose a portion or all of your investment. 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 The below is a summary of principal risks to our business and risks associated with ownership of our stock. It is only a summary. You should read the more detailed discussion of risks set forth below and elsewhere in this report for a more complete discussion of the risks listed below and other risks. Additional risks, beyond those summarized below, set forth in this section, or discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, may apply to our business, activities or operations as currently conducted or as we may conduct them in the future or in the markets in which we operate or may in the future operate. 
 If we fail to effectively manage our growth, we may be unable to execute our business plan, adequately address competitive challenges or maintain our corporate culture, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed; 
 We have a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects and to predict our future operating results, and therefore increases the risk of investment; 
 If we fail to retain existing members or add new members, our revenue, operating results, financial condition, and business may be significantly harmed; 
 If we do not continue to attract new customers, or if existing customers do not renew their subscriptions, renew on less favorable terms, or fail to purchase additional solutions, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations; 
 Our revenue is relatively concentrated within a small number of key customers, and the loss of one or more of such key customers could slow the growth rate of our revenue or cause our revenue to decline; 
 We expect to face increasing competition in the market for our solutions; 
 If we are not able to maintain and enhance our reputation and brand recognition, our business, financial conditions, and results of operations will be harmed; 
 Making business decisions that prioritize the interests of our members may adversely impact our financial results; 
 We depend on our talent to grow and operate our business, and if we are unable to hire, integrate, develop, motivate, and retain our personnel, we may not be able to grow effectively; 
 Failure to maintain, protect, or enforce our intellectual property rights could harm our business and results of operations; and 
 The dual class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with our executive officers (including our Chief Executive Officer) and directors and their affiliates; this will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters. 
 If we are unable to adequately address these and other risks we face, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be harmed. 
 14 

Table of Content s 

 Risks Related to Our Business 
 If we fail to effectively manage our growth, we may be unable to execute our business plan, adequately address competitive challenges or maintain our corporate culture, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. 
 Since launching our platform in fiscal 2012, we have experienced rapid growth and we continue to rapidly and significantly expand our operations. While we have experienced significant revenue growth in prior periods, it is not indicative of our future revenue growth. We expect our revenue growth rate may decline. In fiscal 2023 and 2022, our revenue grew by 22 and 66 , respectively, as compared to the prior years. In addition, our full-time equivalent employee headcount has grown from 887 as of March 31, 2022 to 977 as of March 31, 2023. This expansion increases the complexity of our business and places significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions. We may not be able to manage growth effectively, which could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively affect our operating results. 
 The growth and expansion of our business creates significant challenges for our management, operational, and financial resources. In the event of continued growth of our operations or in the number of our third-party relationships, our information technology systems and our internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support our operations. To effectively manage our growth, we must continue to improve our operational, financial, and management processes and systems and to effectively expand, train, and manage our employee base. As our organization continues to grow and we are required to implement more complex organizational management structures, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the benefits of our corporate culture, including our ability to quickly develop and launch new and innovative solutions. This could negatively affect our business performance. 
 We expect to invest heavily in growing our business, which may cause our sales and marketing, research and development, and other expenses to increase and our margins to decline. Our net income and adjusted EBITDA margins may decrease as we grow our business. 
 Our historical rate of growth may not be sustainable or indicative of our future rate of growth. We believe that our continued growth in revenue, as well as our ability to improve or maintain margins and profitability, will depend upon, among other factors, our ability to address the challenges, risks, and difficulties described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section and the extent to which our various offerings grow and contribute to our results of operations. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to successfully manage any such challenges or risks to our future growth. In addition, our customer base may not continue to grow or may decline due to a variety of possible risks, including increased competition, changes in the regulatory landscape, and the maturation of our business. Any of these factors could cause our revenue growth to decline and may adversely affect our margins and profitability. Failure to grow our revenue or improve our margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. You should not rely on our historical rate of revenue growth as an indication of our future performance. 
 We have a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects and to predict our future operating results, and therefore increases the risk of investment. 
 Doximity, Inc. was incorporated in the state of Delaware in April 2010 as 3MD Communications, Inc. and we subsequently changed the name to Doximity, Inc. in June 2010. We began commercial offerings in fiscal 2012, and by fiscal 2014 we began serving our pharmaceutical and health system customers on some of our early stage solutions. As a result of our limited operating history and rapid growth, our ability to forecast our future operating results, including revenue, cash flows, and profitability, is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to effectively plan for and model future growth. We have encountered and will encounter risks and challenges frequently experienced by growing companies with competitive offerings, such as the risks and uncertainties described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, our business is affected by general economic and business conditions around the world, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or any other similar pandemic or epidemic. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties are incorrect or change due to changes in our markets, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our operating and financial results may differ materially from our expectations and our business may suffer. These risks and challenges include our ability to: 
 maintain and increase our number of registered members for our platform; 
 maintain and increase our number of customers for our solutions; 
 increase revenue from the solutions we provide; 
 15 

Table of Content s 

 successfully compete with other companies that are currently in, or may in the future enter, the online professional network space, telehealth, or productivity tools; 
 maintain and improve the infrastructure underlying our network, including Amazon Web Services and our apps and websites, including with respect to data protection and cybersecurity; 
 maintain and further develop a scalable, high-performance technology infrastructure that can efficiently and reliably handle increased member usage, as well as the deployment of new features and tools; 
 successfully update our network, including expanding our network and offerings, develop and update our apps, features, offerings, and services to benefit our members experience; 
 responsibly use the data that our members share with us to provide solutions that make our members more successful and productive and that are critical to the hiring and marketing needs of enterprises and professional organizations; 
 comply with existing and new laws and regulations applicable to our business and our industry; 
 process, store, and use personal data in compliance with governmental regulation and other legal obligations related to privacy; 
 maintain and enhance the value of our reputation and brand; 
 continue to earn and preserve our members trust with respect to their professional reputation and information; 
 effectively manage our growth; and 
 hire, integrate, and retain talented people at all levels of our organization. 
 If we fail to retain existing members or add new members, our revenue, operating results, financial condition, and business may be significantly harmed. 
 The size of our member base and our members level of engagement are critical to our success. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging members. 
 If medical professionals do not perceive our platform to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain members or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement. A decrease in member retention, growth, or engagement could render us less attractive to our pharmaceutical manufacturer and health system customers, which may have a material and adverse impact on our revenue, business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any number of factors could potentially negatively affect member retention, growth, and engagement, including if: 
 we fail to introduce new and improved tools or if we introduce new tools for our members that are not favorably received; 
 there are changes in member sentiment about the quality or usefulness of our tools or concerns related to privacy and sharing, safety, security, or other factors; 
 we are unable to manage and prioritize information to ensure members are presented with content that is interesting, useful, and relevant to them; 
 there are adverse changes in our tools that are mandated by legislation, regulatory authorities, or litigation, including settlements or consent decrees; 
 technical or other problems prevent us from delivering our tools in a rapid and reliable manner or otherwise affect the member experience; 
 we adopt policies or procedures related to areas such as sharing our member data that are perceived negatively by our members or the general public; and 
 new offerings from our competitors are introduced to the market. 
 If we are unable to maintain and increase our member base and member engagement, our revenue, operating results, financial condition, business, and future growth potential may be adversely affected. 
 16 

Table of Content s 

 If we do not continue to attract new customers, or if existing customers do not renew their subscriptions, renew on less favorable terms, or fail to purchase additional solutions, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 In order to grow our business, we must continually attract new customers, sell additional solutions to existing customers and reduce the level of non-renewals in our business. Our ability to do so depends in large part on the success of our sales and marketing efforts. Most customers engage with us on particular marketing programs, either directly or through marketing agencies that act on their behalf. We do not typically enter into long-term contracts with our pharmaceutical manufacturer customers, who represent a significant portion of our revenue. When we do enter into long-term relationships with customers, they can generally terminate their relationship with us or move their marketing activity to a new agency with whom we do not currently do business. Even if we are successful in attracting new customers and their agencies, it may take several months or years for them to meaningfully increase the amount they spend with us. Further, larger pharmaceutical customers with multiple brands typically have brand-level marketing budgets and marketing decision makers, and we may not be able to leverage our success into expanded business with other brands within the customer s portfolio. Moreover, customers may place internal limits on the allocation of their marketing budgets to digital marketing, to particular programs, to a particular marketing vendor, or for other reasons. We may not accurately predict future trends with respect to rates of customer renewals, upgrades, and expansions. 
 Customers of our Marketing Solutions may not continue to do business with us if their marketing content does not reach their intended audiences. Therefore, we must continue to demonstrate to our customers that using our Marketing Solutions offering is the most effective and cost-efficient way to maximize their results. Similarly, we must demonstrate that our Hiring Solutions are important recruiting tools for enterprises, professional organizations, and individuals and that our Hiring Solutions provide them with access to the target audience. Our Hiring Solutions customers will discontinue their purchases of our solutions if we fail to effectively connect them with the talent they seek. Finally, for our Telehealth Solutions, we may not be able to retain existing customers or attract new customers if we fail to provide high quality solutions, if customers are unable to realize the value of our solutions, or if we are not able to measure and demonstrate the value that our solutions provide. 
 Our customer base may decline or fluctuate due to a number of factors, including the prices of our solutions, the prices of products and services offered by our competitors, reduced hiring by our customers or reductions in their talent or marketing spending levels due to macroeconomic or other factors, and the efficacy and cost-effectiveness of our solutions. In particular, our overall performance depends, in part, on worldwide economic conditions. In recent months, we have observed increased economic uncertainty in the United States and abroad. As our customers react to global economic conditions, including the impact of inflation on wages and labor costs, raw material costs, reduced discretionary spending, and the potential for a global recession, we may see them reduce spending on our solutions and take additional precautionary measures to limit or delay expenditures and preserve capital and liquidity. In addition, if any of our customers with whom we conduct business are unable to access funds pursuant to instruments or lending arrangements with a financial institution that falls into receivership or experience similar liquidity issues, such parties ability to pay their obligations to us or to enter into new commercial arrangements requiring additional payments to us could be adversely affected. Reductions in spending on our solutions, delays in purchasing decisions, lack of renewals, and an inability to attract new customers, as well as pressure for extended billing terms or pricing discounts, could limit our ability to grow our business and could negatively affect our operating results and financial condition. Internet search engines could also change their methodologies in ways that adversely affect our ability to optimize our page rankings within their search results. If this occurs, our ability to successfully market our services may be harmed. If we are unable to retain and increase sales of our solutions to existing customers and their agencies or attract new ones for any of the reasons above or for other reasons, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our revenue is relatively concentrated within a small number of key customers, and the loss of one or more of such key customers could slow the growth rate of our revenue or cause our revenue to decline. 
 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, no customer accounted for 10 or more of total revenue. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, one of our customers accounted for 10 or more of total revenue. In addition, some of our customers purchase our services indirectly through marketing agencies, some of whom represent a number of customers. The sudden loss of any of our largest customers or the renegotiation of any of our largest customer contracts, either directly or through marketing agencies, could have a significant impact on our revenue, the growth rate of our revenue, our reputation, and our ability to obtain new customers. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we engage in active discussions and renegotiations with our customers, either directly or through marketing agencies, in respect of the solutions we provide and the terms of our customer agreements, including our fees. As our customers businesses respond to market dynamics, financial pressures, and regulatory changes or delays impacting their businesses, and as our customers make strategic business decisions regarding how to market their offerings, our 
 17 

Table of Content s 

 customers seek to, and we expect will continue to seek to, amend the terms of their arrangements with us. In the ordinary course, we renegotiate the terms of our agreements with our customers in connection with renewals or extensions of these agreements. These discussions and future discussions could result in reductions to the fees and changes to the scope contemplated by our original customer contracts and consequently could negatively impact our revenue, business, and prospects. 
 Because we rely on a limited number of customers and agencies for a significant portion of our revenue, we depend on the creditworthiness of these entities. If the financial condition of these entities declines, our credit risk could increase. Should one or more of our significant customers or agencies declare bankruptcy, be declared insolvent, or otherwise be restricted by state or federal laws or regulation from continuing in some or all of their operations, this could adversely affect our ongoing revenue, the collectability of our accounts receivable, and affect our bad debt reserves and net income. 
 We expect to face increasing competition in the market for our solutions. 
 We face significant competition across different aspects of our business, and we expect such competition to increase. Our industry and the markets we serve are evolving rapidly and becoming increasingly competitive. Larger and more established companies may focus on our markets and could directly compete with us. Smaller companies could also launch new products and services that compete with us and that could gain market acceptance quickly. We also expect our existing competitors in the markets for Marketing and Hiring Solutions to continue to focus on these areas. A number of these companies may have greater financial, technological, and other resources than we do and greater name recognition and more established distribution networks and relationships with healthcare providers than us, which may enable them to compete more effectively. Specifically, we compete for medical professionals as members against large technology companies that have developed online networking and collaboration tools like LinkedIn, Facebook, Google, and Twitter, in addition to smaller, emerging companies. 
 We also compete to access marketing, hiring, and telehealth budgets of pharmaceutical and health system companies as customers for our Marketing, Hiring, and Telehealth Solutions. We compete for customers for our Marketing Solutions with online outlets such as health-related websites and mobile apps, like WebMD s Medscape, as well as offline organizations that provide marketing and advertising services that enable pharmaceutical manufacturers and health systems to educate medical professionals. We compete for customers for our Hiring Solutions with large and regional staffing companies, job boards, self-service recruiting tools, and medical recruiting firms. We compete for customers for our Telehealth Solutions with other providers of telehealth offerings such as American Well and Teladoc Health, and other companies that offer telehealth capabilities such as Zoom Video Communications who may further focus on our market and could directly compete with us. We also compete for members, customers, and professional organizations in the market for online professional networks which continues to rapidly evolve. Our competitors may announce new products, services, or enhancements that better address changing industry standards or the needs of members and customers, such as mobile access. Any such increased competition could cause pricing pressure, loss of market share, or decreased member engagement, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 If we are not able to maintain and enhance our reputation and brand recognition, our business, financial conditions, and results of operations will be harmed. 
 We believe that maintaining and enhancing our reputation and brand recognition is critical to our relationships with existing customers and members and our ability to attract new customers and members. The promotion of our brand may require us to make substantial investments and we anticipate that, as our market becomes increasingly competitive, these marketing initiatives may become increasingly difficult and expensive. Our marketing activities may not be successful or yield increased revenue, and to the extent that these activities yield increased revenue, the increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incur, and our results of operations could be harmed. In addition, any factor that diminishes our reputation or that of our management, including failing to meet the expectations of our customers and members, could make it substantially more difficult for us to attract new customers. Similarly, because our customers often act as references for us with prospective new customers, any existing customer that questions the quality of our work or that of our employees could impair our ability to secure additional new customers. If we do not successfully maintain and enhance our reputation and brand recognition with our members and customers, our business may not grow and we could lose these relationships, which would harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Making business decisions that prioritize the interests of our members may adversely impact our financial results. 
 Our physicians first philosophy may mean we make decisions based on the best interests of our members, which we believe is essential to our success in increasing our member growth rate and engagement, creating value for our members, and in serving the best interests of the Company and our stockholders. Therefore, in the past, we have forgone, and may in the future forgo, certain expansion or revenue opportunities that we do not believe are in the best interests of our members, even if 
 18 

Table of Content s 

 our decision negatively impacts our operating results. In addition, our philosophy of putting our members first may cause disagreements, or negatively impact our relationships, with our existing or prospective customers. Our decisions may not result in the benefits that we expect, in which case our member engagement, business, and operating results could be harmed. 
 If our members profiles are out-of-date, inaccurate, or lack the information that members and customers want to see, we may not be able to realize the full potential of our network, which could adversely impact the growth of our business. 
 If our members do not update their information or provide accurate and complete information when they join our platform, the value of our platform may be negatively impacted because our value proposition as a professional network and as a source of accurate and comprehensive data will be weakened. For example, incomplete or outdated member information would diminish the ability of our Marketing Solutions customers to reach their target audiences and our ability to provide our customers with valuable insights. Similarly, customers of our Hiring Solutions may not find members that meet their qualifications or may misidentify a candidate as having such qualifications, which could result in mismatches that erode customer confidence in our solutions. Therefore, we must provide features and tools that demonstrate the value of our network to our members and motivate them to contribute additional, timely, and accurate information to their profile and our network. In addition, we must ensure that methods by which we identify relevant audiences for our customers results in accurate targeting. If we fail to successfully undertake these activities, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 The telehealth market is immature and volatile, and if it does not develop, or if it develops more slowly than we expect, if it encounters negative publicity, or if we are not successful in demonstrating and promoting the benefits of our solutions, the growth of our business will be harmed. 
 The telehealth market is relatively new and unproven, and it is uncertain whether it will achieve and sustain high levels of demand, consumer acceptance, and market adoption. The success of our Telehealth Solutions will depend to a substantial extent on the willingness of our members to use, and to increase the frequency and extent of their utilization of, our network, as well as on our ability to demonstrate the value of telehealth to employers, health plans, government agencies, and other purchasers of healthcare for beneficiaries. If any of these events do not occur or do not occur quickly, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our corporate culture has contributed to our success, and if we cannot maintain our corporate culture as we grow, we could lose the innovation, teamwork, passion, and focus on execution that we believe contribute to our success, and our business may be harmed. 
 We believe that a critical component to our success has been our corporate culture. We have invested substantial time and resources in building our team. As we continue to grow, we may find it difficult to maintain these important aspects of our corporate culture, especially given that the majority of our workforce works remotely. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, rapid growth and organizational change, including growth and organizational change resulting from our acquisition of and subsequent integration with other businesses, which will continue to place significant demands on our management and our operational and financial infrastructure. As we continue to grow, we must effectively integrate, develop, and motivate a large number of new employees, and we must maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture. We will require significant capital expenditures and the allocation of valuable management resources to grow and change in this way, without undermining our corporate culture. Any failure to preserve our culture could negatively affect our future success, including our ability to retain and recruit personnel and to effectively focus on and pursue our corporate objectives. 
 In addition, to attract top talent, we have had to offer, and believe we will need to continue to offer, highly competitive compensation packages before we can validate the productivity of those employees. In addition, fluctuations in the price of our common stock may make it more difficult or costly to use equity compensation to motivate, incentivize, and retain our employees. We face significant competition for talent from other healthcare, technology, and high-growth companies, which include both large enterprises and privately-held companies. We may not be able to hire new employees quickly enough to meet our needs. If we fail to effectively manage our hiring needs and successfully integrate our new hires, our efficiency and ability to meet our forecasts and our employee morale, productivity, and retention could suffer, and our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 The loss of one or more of any of the pharmaceutical brands that purchase our solutions could cause our revenue to decline. 
 We sell subscriptions for our marketing solutions across different brands within our pharmaceutical customers. The success of pharmaceutical brands and associated marketing spend can depend on patent life, competition, and other factors. For example, in the past we have lost marketing spend and associated revenue when a pharmaceutical brand marketed on our platform lost patent protection. The loss of the business of a significant brand could damage our relationship with that customer 
 19 

Table of Content s 

 and its other brands, and our revenue, operating results, financial condition, business, and future growth potential may be adversely affected. 
 We calculate certain operational metrics using internal systems and tools and do not independently verify such metrics. Certain metrics are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. 
 We present certain operational metrics herein, including size of our network of medical professionals and other metrics. We calculate these metrics using internal systems and tools that are not independently verified by any third party. These metrics may differ from estimates or similar metrics published by third parties or other companies due to differences in sources, methodologies, or the assumptions on which we rely. Our internal systems and tools have a number of limitations, and our methodologies for tracking these metrics may change over time, which could result in unexpected changes to our metrics, including the metrics we publicly disclose on an ongoing basis. If the internal systems and tools we use to track these metrics undercount or overcount performance or contain algorithmic or other technical errors, the data we present may not be accurate. While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates of our metrics for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring the size of our network and other metrics. For example, we face challenges in accurately calculating the number of practicing doctors or other professionals in our network at a given time. In addition, limitations or errors with respect to how we measure data or with respect to the data that we measure may affect our understanding of certain details of our business, which would affect our long-term strategies. If our operating metrics or our estimates are not accurate representations of our business, or if investors do not perceive our operating metrics to be accurate, or if we discover material inaccuracies with respect to these figures, our reputation may be significantly harmed, and our operating and financial results could be adversely affected. 
 Our estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the markets in which we compete achieve the forecasted growth, our business may not grow at similar rates, or at all. 
 The market opportunity estimates and growth forecasts that we may issue from time to time are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates which may not prove to be accurate. Our estimates and forecasts relating to size and expected growth of our target market may prove to be inaccurate. Even if the markets in which we compete meet these size estimates and growth forecasts, our business may not grow at similar rates, or at all. Our growth is subject to many factors, including our success in implementing our business strategy, which is subject to many risks and uncertainties. 
 Certain of our operating results and financial metrics may be difficult to predict as a result of seasonality. 
 We have experienced some seasonality in both revenue and net income based on the timing of marketing program subscription launches on our platform and budgetary timing of purchases of additional modules. We may be affected by seasonal trends in the future, particularly as our business matures. Additionally, this seasonality may be reflected to a much lesser extent, and sometimes may not be immediately apparent, in our revenue. To the extent we experience this seasonality, it may cause fluctuations in our operating results and financial metrics and make forecasting our future operating results and financial metrics more difficult. 
 Our operating results have in the past and may in the future continue to fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis and if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors, our stock price and the value of your investment could decline substantially. 
 Our operating results have in the past, and may in the future, continue to fluctuate significantly on a quarterly and annual basis and may fail to match our past performance, and if we fail to meet or exceed the expectations of securities analysts or investors, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline. Moreover, our stock price may be based on expectations of our future performance that may be unrealistic or that may not be met. Some of the important factors that could cause our revenue and operating results to fluctuate from quarter to quarter include: 
 our ability to increase sales of our solutions to new customers and expand sales of additional solutions to our existing customers; 
 the extent to which existing customers renew their agreements with us and the timing and terms of those renewals; 
 the termination or renegotiation by our significant customers of their agreements with us; 
 the entrance of new competitors in our market whether by established companies or new companies; 
 changes in our pricing policies or those of our competitors; 
 20 

Table of Content s 

 the cost of investing in our technology infrastructure, which may be greater than we anticipate; 
 our ability to maintain or increase our member base and member engagement; 
 disruptions or outages in our website availability, actual or perceived breaches of privacy, and compromises of our member data; and 
 general industry and macroeconomic conditions which would adversely impact sales. 
 If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies prove to be incorrect, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and our key metrics require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes and amounts reported in our key metrics. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, as provided in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates . The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, and equity and the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Significant assumptions and estimates used in preparing our consolidated financial statements include those related to revenue recognition, the fair values of acquired intangible assets and goodwill, the useful lives of long-lived assets, the valuation of the Company s common stock and stock-based awards, fair value of contingent earn-out consideration, and deferred income taxes. Our results of operations may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our results of operations to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 We are subject to stringent and changing laws, regulations, self-regulatory schemes, contractual obligations, and standards related to privacy, data protection, and information security. The actual or perceived failure by us, our customers, partners, or vendors to comply with such obligations could harm our reputation, subject us to significant fines and liability, or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 We collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, and share (collectively, Process , or Processing sensitive, confidential, and proprietary information (collectively, Sensitive Information in connection with providing our services. 
 There are numerous domestic and foreign laws, regulations, self-regulatory schemes, and standards regarding privacy, data protection, and information security and Processing (collectively, Data Protection Laws ), the number and scope of which is changing, subject to differing applications and interpretations, and which may be inconsistent across jurisdictions or in conflict with each other. The regulatory framework for privacy, data protection, and information security issues worldwide is evolving and is likely to remain in flux for the foreseeable future. Various governmental and consumer agencies have also called for new regulations and changes in industry practices. Practices regarding privacy, data protection, and information security have recently come under increased public and regulatory scrutiny. The actual or perceived failure to address or comply with applicable Data Protection Laws by us or our customers, partners, or vendors could increase our compliance and operational costs, expose us to regulatory scrutiny, actions, fines, and penalties, result in reputational harm, lead to a loss of customers, reduce the use of our services, result in litigation and liability, have a material adverse effect on our business operations or financial results, or otherwise result in other material harm to our business. 
 We are a Business Associate as defined under the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and their implementing regulations, which we collectively refer to as HIPAA, and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of Civil Rights, or OCR, may impose significant penalties on a Business Associate for a failure to comply with an applicable requirement of HIPAA. Penalties may include civil monetary penalties, criminal monetary penalties and imprisonment. The U.S. Department of Justice, or the DOJ, is responsible for criminal prosecutions under HIPAA. State attorneys general also have the right to prosecute HIPAA violations committed against residents of their states. While HIPAA does not create a private right of action that would allow individuals to sue in civil court for HIPAA violations, its standards have been used as the basis for the duty of care in state civil suits, such as those for negligence or recklessness in misusing individuals health information. Furthermore, in the event of a breach as defined by HIPAA, the Business Associate may have to comply with specific reporting requirements under HIPAA regulations. 
 The security measures that we and our third-party vendors and subcontractors have in place in an effort to ensure compliance with privacy and data protection laws may not protect our facilities and systems from security breaches, acts of 
 21 

Table of Content s 

 vandalism or theft, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and human errors, or other similar events. Under the HITECH Act, as a Business Associate, we may also be liable for privacy and security breaches and failures of our subcontractors. Even though we provide for appropriate protections through our agreements with our subcontractors, we still have limited control over their actions and practices. A breach of privacy or security of individually identifiable health information by a subcontractor may result in an enforcement action, including criminal and civil liability, against us. We are not able to predict the extent of the impact such incidents may have on our business. 
 Enforcement actions against us could be costly and could interrupt regular operations, which may adversely affect our business. While we have not received any notices of violation of any Data Protection Law and believe we are in compliance with such laws, there can be no assurance that we will not receive such notices in the future. 
 Applicable Data Protection Laws may also include state medical privacy laws, including those related to mental health and substance use treatment, and the provision of healthcare services, as well as federal and state consumer protection laws. These laws may not be preempted by HIPAA, may be more protective than HIPAA, and may be subject to varying interpretations by the courts and government agencies, creating complex compliance issues for us and our customers and partners and potentially exposing us to additional expense, adverse publicity and liability, any of which could adversely affect our business. Federal and state consumer protection laws are increasingly being applied by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, and states attorneys general to regulate the Processing of personal or personally identifiable information, through websites or otherwise, and to regulate the presentation of website content. The FTC in particular has approved consent decrees resolving complaints and their resulting investigations into the privacy and security practices of a number of online social media companies. These reviews can and have resulted in changes to our solutions and policies, and could result in additional changes in the future. If we are unable to comply with any such reviews or decrees that result in recommendations or binding changes, or if the recommended changes result in degradation of our solutions, our business could be harmed. 
 In addition, U.S. states have begun to introduce more comprehensive Data Protection Laws. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, went into effect in January 2020 and established a new privacy framework for covered businesses such as ours that expands the scope of personal information and provides new privacy rights for California residents. These changes required us to modify our data processing practices and policies and incur compliance related costs and expenses. The CCPA also provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches, which may increase the likelihood and cost of data breach litigation. Additionally, the California Privacy Rights Act, or CPRA, went into effect on January 1, 2023 and significantly modified the CCPA by, among other things, creating a dedicated privacy regulatory agency, requiring businesses to implement data minimization and data integrity principles, and imposing additional requirements for contracts addressing the processing of personal information. 
 In addition to Data Protection Laws, we are or may be subject to the terms of our internal and external policies, representations, publications, frameworks, self-regulatory standards, and industry certification commitments (collectively, Privacy Policies ), and contractual obligations to third parties related to privacy, data protection, and information security (collectively, Data Protection Obligations ), including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards PCI-DSS ), the rules imposed by credit card brands (e.g., VISA and Mastercard), and Security Organization Control 2 certification commitments. We strive to comply with applicable Data Protection Laws, Privacy Policies, and Data Protection Obligations, but we may at times fail to do so or may be perceived to have failed to do so, in which case we may be subject to and suffer a material harm to our business. For example, in the event we fail to comply with the PCI-DSS, we could be in breach of our obligations under customer and other contracts. Moreover, despite our efforts, we may not be successful in achieving compliance if our personnel, customers, partners, or vendors do not comply with applicable Data Protection Laws, Privacy Policies, and Data Protection Obligations. We may be subject to and suffer material harm to our business if our Privacy Policies are, in whole or part, found to be inaccurate, incomplete, deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our actual practices. In addition, any such failure or perceived failure could result in public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others, which may cause us material reputational harm. 
 Further, our customers may expect us to comply with more stringent privacy, data protection, and information security requirements than those imposed by applicable Data Protection Laws, and we may be obligated contractually to comply with additional or different standards relating to our handling or protection of data on or by our offerings. For example, our mobile application is distributed through third-party platforms such as those operated by Apple and Google. These third parties may impose technical and privacy, data protection, and information security requirements on companies that distribute applications through their platforms. These requirements are subject to change and may adversely impact our ability to Process personal information. Complying with these requirements may cause us to incur additional expense, and the failure to comply with these requirements may cause us to lose access to the app store and users, and our business would be harmed. 
 New or amended Data Protection Laws, and changes in the interpretation of existing Data Protection Laws and our Data Protection Obligations, could impair our, our customers , our partners , or our vendors ability to Process personal information, 
 22 

Table of Content s 

 which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The enactment of the CCPA has prompted similar legislative developments in other states, which could create the potential for a patchwork of overlapping but different state laws. The federal government is also considering comprehensive privacy legislation. If we begin to conduct business in Europe, complying with the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, would entail significant costs and increase our liability risks. The GDPR imposes more stringent data protection requirements and would require us to undertake significant operational changes in order to comply, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 In view of applicable Data Protection Laws, Privacy Policies, and Data Protection Obligations imposing complex and burdensome obligations, and with substantial uncertainty in their interpretation and compliance, we have faced and may face challenges in addressing and complying with them, and fundamentally changing our business activities, Privacy Policies, and practices, and may expend significant resources in an effort to do so, any of which could result in material harm to business, financial condition, results of operations, or other harm. 
 If our security measures are compromised now or in the future, or the security, confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our information technology, software, services, communications, or data is compromised, limited, or fails, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our platform involves the storage and transmission of Sensitive Information. As a result, unauthorized access or security breaches as a result of third-party action (e.g., cyber-attacks), employee error, product defect, malfeasance, or other factors could result in the loss of information, inappropriate use of or access to information, service interruption, service degradation, outages, service level credits, litigation, indemnity obligations, damage to our reputation, and other liability. Our platform also utilizes artificial intelligence and machine learning technology to provide services, and this technology may be susceptible to cybersecurity threats. While we maintain and continue to improve our security measures, we may be unable to adequately anticipate security threats or to implement adequate preventative measures, in part, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target. Moreover, the detection, prevention, and remediation of known or unknown security vulnerabilities, including those arising from third-parties, is becoming increasingly expensive and may cause us to incur significant costs in the future. We process significant amounts of Sensitive Information, including protected health information, personal information, data concerning our members, and in some cases, limited amounts of data concerning the patients they treat in connection with our members utilization of our network and related services. While we have implemented security measures to protect such data, techniques used to gain unauthorized access to data and systems, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems are constantly evolving, and we may be unable to anticipate such techniques or implement adequate preventative measures to avoid unauthorized access or other adverse impacts to such data or our systems. We may use third-party service providers and subprocessors to help us deliver services and engage in Processing on our behalf, including, without limitation, the processing of payment card information. If we, our service providers, partners, or other relevant third parties have experienced or in the future experience any security incidents that result in any data loss, deletion or destruction, unauthorized access to, loss of, unauthorized acquisition or disclosure of, or inadvertent exposure of, Sensitive Information, or compromise related to the security, confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our (or their) information technology, software, services, communications, or data (collectively, a Security Breach), it may result in material harm to our business, including, without limitation, regulatory investigations or enforcement actions, litigation, indemnity obligations, negative publicity, and financial loss. 
 Our service is vulnerable to threat actors, software bugs, malicious code (such as computer viruses and internet worms), personnel theft or misuse, break-ins, phishing attacks, denial-of-service attacks (including credential stuffing), ransomware attacks, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failures, server malfunction, software or hardware failures, loss of data or other computer assets, adware, or other similar issues or other attacks or similar disruptions, any of which could lead to system interruptions, delays, or shutdowns, causing loss of critical data or the unauthorized access of data. 
 We may be required to expend significant resources, fundamentally change our business activities and practices, or modify our services, software, operations, or information technology in an effort to protect against Security Breaches and to mitigate, detect, and remediate actual and potential vulnerabilities. Applicable Data Protection Laws, Privacy Policies, and Data Protection Obligations may require us to implement specific security measures or use industry-standard or reasonable measures to protect against Security Breaches. The recovery systems, security protocols, network protection mechanisms, and other security measures that we (and our third parties) have integrated into our platform, systems, networks, and physical facilities, which are designed to protect against, detect, and minimize Security Breaches, may not be adequate to prevent or detect service interruption, system failure, or data loss. 
 Applicable Data Protection Laws, Privacy Policies, or Data Protection Obligations may require us to notify affected individuals, regulators, customers, credit reporting agencies, and others in the event of a Security Breach. Patients about whom we obtain health information, as well as the providers who share this information with us, may have statutory or contractual 
 23 

Table of Content s 

 rights that limit our ability to use and disclose the information. We may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to ensure ongoing compliance with applicable Data Protection Laws, Privacy Policies, and Data Protection Obligations. Claims that we have violated individuals privacy rights or breached our Data Protection Obligations, even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time-consuming to defend and could result in adverse publicity that could harm our business. 
 Although we maintain insurance for our business, the coverage under our policies may not apply to the liabilities or damages as a result of the events referenced above or be adequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur. There can also be no assurance that the limitations of liability in our contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages as a result of the events referenced above. 
 In addition, a substantial portion of our workforce is currently working remotely on a part- or full-time basis. This could increase our cyber security risk, create data accessibility concerns, and make us more susceptible to communication disruptions. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We rely on evolving technologies, including network and mobile infrastructure, as well as our own capabilities, to maintain and scale our business and maintain competitiveness. Any significant interruptions or delays in service in our products, on our apps or websites or any undetected errors or design faults could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We depend on the use of information technologies and systems, developing technologies, and our reputation and ability to acquire, retain, and serve our customers are dependent upon the reliable performance of our apps and websites and the underlying network infrastructure. As our operations grow, we must continuously improve and upgrade our systems and infrastructure while maintaining or improving the reliability and integrity of our infrastructure. Our future success also depends on our ability to adapt our systems and infrastructure to meet rapidly evolving consumer trends and demands while continuing to improve the performance, features, and reliability of our solutions in response to competitive services and offerings. We expect the use of alternative platforms such as tablets and wearables will continue to grow and the emergence of niche competitors who may be able to optimize offerings, services, or strategies for such platforms will require new investment in technology. New developments in other areas, such as cloud computing, have made it easier for competition to enter our markets due to lower up-front technology costs. In addition, we may not be able to maintain our existing systems or replace or introduce new technologies and systems as quickly as we would like or in a cost-effective manner. There is also no guarantee that we will possess the financial resources or personnel, for the research, design, and development of new applications or services, or that we will be able to utilize these resources successfully and avoid technological or market obsolescence. Further, there can be no assurance that technological advances by one or more of our competitors or future competitors will not result in our present or future applications and services becoming uncompetitive or obsolete. If we were unable to enhance our offerings and network capabilities to keep pace with rapid technological and regulatory change, or if new technologies emerge that are able to deliver competitive offerings at lower prices, more efficiently, more conveniently, or more securely than our offerings, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our success will also depend on the interoperability of our offerings with a range of third-party technologies, systems, networks, operating systems, and standards, including iOS and Android; the availability of our mobile apps in app stores and in super-app environments; and the creation, maintenance, and development of relationships with key participants in related industries, some of which may also be our competitors. In addition, if accessibility of various apps is limited by executive order or other government actions, the full functionality of devices may not be available to our customers. Moreover, third-party platforms, services, and offerings are constantly evolving, and we may not be able to modify our platform to assure its compatibility with those of third parties. If we lose such interoperability, we experience difficulties or increased costs in integrating our offerings into alternative devices or systems, or manufacturers or operating systems elect not to include our offerings, make changes that degrade the functionality of our offerings, or give preferential treatment to competitive products, the growth of our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. This risk may be exacerbated by the frequency with which consumers change or upgrade their devices. In the event consumers choose devices that do not already include or support our platform or do not install our mobile apps when they change or upgrade their devices, our customer engagement may be harmed. 
 Artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) serve a key role in many of our services. As with many technological innovations, AI and ML present risks and challenges that could affect its adoption, and therefore our business. AI and ML present emerging ethical issues and if we enable or offer solutions that draw controversy due to their perceived or actual impact on society, we may experience brand or reputational harm, competitive harm or legal liability. Potential government regulation in the space of AI and ML ethics also may increase the burden and cost of research and development in this area, subjecting us to brand or reputational harm, competitive harm or legal liability. Failure to address AI and ML ethics 
 24 

Table of Content s 

 issues by us or others in our industry could undermine public confidence in AI and ML and slow adoption of AI and ML in our products and services. 
 We may become subject to enforcement actions or litigation as a result of our or our members failure to comply with laws and regulations relating to communications, even though noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional. 
 We maintain systems and procedures designed to ensure that our communications and the communications made by members and others using our platform comply with applicable laws and regulations; however, some legal/regulatory frameworks provide for the imposition of fines or penalties for noncompliance even though the noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even though there were systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance in place at the time. 
 For example, members use our platform to engage in telephone, text message, and facsimile communications with patients and other doctors and healthcare professionals. There are a number of federal and state laws and regulations potentially applicable to such communications, including the federal Telephone Consumer Protection Act, or TCPA, and those laws and regulations are continuously evolving. A determination by a court or regulatory agency that any of these laws and regulations are applicable to or operate to prohibit or limit telephone, text message, and facsimile communications made by members or others using our platform could invalidate all or some portions of our customer contracts, could require us to change or terminate some portions of our business, could require us to refund portions of our service fees, and could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, if a court or regulatory agency determines that communications made by members or others using our platform violate any of these laws or regulations and that we are responsible for the violation, we may be subject to substantial damages, substantial civil penalties, and adverse publicity that could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. For violations of the TCPA, the law provides for a private right of action under which a plaintiff may recover statutory damages of 500 for each call, text message, or facsimile made in violation of the statute s prohibitions. A court also may treble the amount of damages upon a finding of a willful or knowing violation of the statute. There is no statutory cap on maximum aggregate exposure. In addition, the Federal Communications Commission, or FCC, which implements and enforces the TCPA, a state attorney general or other federal and state regulators may seek civil penalties in an enforcement action for violations of the TCPA or other laws and regulations potentially applicable to telephone, text message, and facsimile communications made by members or others using our platform. 
 We may incur liability as a result of information retrieved from or transmitted over the Internet or published using our platform and legislation regulating content on our platform may require us to change our solutions or business practices and may adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 Because our platform allows for the exchange of news, information, and other content, we may face claims relating to the content that is published or made available on our platform. In particular, the nature of our business exposes us to claims related to defamation, dissemination of misinformation, discrimination, harassment, intellectual property rights, rights of publicity and privacy, personal injury torts, laws regulating hate speech or other types of content, and breach of contract, among others. 
 In the United States, the Communications Decency Act, or CDA, provides statutory protections to online service providers like us who distribute third-party content. However, in the United States, government authorities, elected officials, and political candidates have called for amendments to Section 230 of the CDA that would purport to limit or remove protections afforded to interactive computer service providers and our current protections from liability for third-party content in the United States could decrease or change. We could incur significant costs investigating and defending such claims and, if we are found liable, significant damages. We could also face fines, orders restricting or blocking our services in particular geographies, or other government-imposed remedies as a result of content hosted on our platform. 
 Content-related legislation or judicial review may require us to change our solutions or business practices, increase our compliance costs, or otherwise impact our operations or our ability to provide services in certain geographies. In addition, we could incur significant costs investigating and defending claims for violating such requirements and, if we are found liable, significant damages. 
 We may experience fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We are subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes. Tax laws, regulations, and administrative practices in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change, with or without advance notice, due to economic, political, and other conditions, and significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our provision and accruals for these taxes. There are many transactions that occur during the ordinary course of business for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our effective tax rates could be affected by numerous factors, such as changes in tax, accounting, and other laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations, the mix and level of earnings in a given taxing jurisdiction, or our ownership or capital structures. 
 25 

Table of Content s 

 Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 As of March 31, 2023, we accumulated 15.3 million of state and no federal net operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs, to reduce future taxable income, portions of which will begin to expire in 2035. Under Section 382 and Section 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOLs and other tax attributes, including R D tax credits, to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. In general, an ownership change will occur if there is a cumulative change in our ownership by 5 percent stockholders that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. Based on an assessment of our historical ownership changes through March 31, 2023, we do not anticipate a current limitation on the tax attributes. Our ability to use NOLs and other tax attributes to reduce future taxable income and liabilities may be subject to limitations as a result of ownership changes that may occur in the future. 
 Under current law, U.S. federal net operating losses incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 may be carried forward indefinitely. Such U.S. federal net operating losses generally may not be carried back to prior taxable years, except that net operating losses generated in 2018, 2019, and 2020 may be carried back to each of the five tax years preceding the tax years of such losses. Additionally, for tax years beginning after December 31, 2020, the deductibility of U.S. federal net operating losses incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, is limited to 80 of taxable income. Our net operating losses may also be impaired or restricted under state law. At the state level, there may be periods during which the use of net operating losses is suspended or otherwise limited, which could increase or permanently accelerate state taxes owed. For example, California imposed limits on the usability of California state net operating losses to offset taxable income in tax years beginning after 2019 and before 2022. 
 We depend on our talent to grow and operate our business, and if we are unable to hire, integrate, develop, motivate, and retain our personnel, we may not be able to grow effectively. 
 Our ability to maintain our competitive position is largely dependent on the services of our senior management and other key personnel. In addition, our future success depends on our continuing ability to attract, develop, motivate, and retain highly qualified and skilled employees. The market for such positions is competitive, especially in the San Francisco Bay Area. Qualified individuals are in high demand and we may incur significant costs to attract them. In addition, the loss of any of our senior management or other key employees, in particular our Chief Executive Officer, or our inability to recruit and develop mid-level managers could materially and adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan and we may be unable to find adequate replacements. Competition for qualified employees is intense in our industry, and the loss of even a few qualified employees, or an inability to attract, retain, and motivate additional highly skilled employees required for the planned expansion of our business could harm our operating results and impair our ability to grow. To attract and retain key personnel, we use various measures, including an equity incentive program for key executive officers and most employees. These measures may not be enough to attract and retain the personnel we require to operate our business effectively. All of our employees are at-will employees, meaning that they may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time, and their knowledge of our business and industry would be extremely difficult to replace. If we fail to retain talented senior management and other key personnel, or if we do not succeed in attracting well-qualified employees or retaining and motivating existing employees, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 We may become subject to litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We have been subject to litigation in the past, and may become subject to litigation in the future. Some of these claims may result in significant defense costs and potentially significant judgments against us, some of which we are not, or cannot be, insured against. We generally intend to defend ourselves vigorously; however, we cannot be certain of the ultimate outcomes of any claims that may arise in the future. Resolution of these types of matters against us may result in our having to pay significant fines, judgments, or settlements, which, if uninsured, or if the fines, judgments, and settlements exceed insured levels, could adversely impact our earnings and cash flows, thereby having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, and per share trading price of our Class A common stock. Certain litigation or the resolution of certain litigation may affect the availability or cost of some of our insurance coverage, which could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows, expose us to increased risks that would be uninsured, and adversely impact our ability to attract directors and officers. 
 Recent volatility in capital markets and lower market prices for many securities may affect our ability to access new capital through sales of shares of our Class A common stock or the issuance of indebtedness, which may harm our liquidity, limit 
 26 

Table of Content s 

 our ability to grow our business, pursue acquisitions, or improve our operating infrastructure and restrict our ability to compete in our markets. 
 We intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new features and tools or enhance our existing solutions, improve our operating infrastructure, or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we have engaged and may continue to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those of holders of our Class A common stock. Any debt financing we secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. Recent volatility in capital markets and lower market prices for many securities may, among other things, affect our ability to access new capital on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business may be harmed. 
 We may seek to grow our business through acquisitions of, or investments in, new or complementary businesses, technologies, tools, or solutions, or through strategic alliances, and the failure to manage these acquisitions, investments or alliances, or to integrate them with our existing business, could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 In fiscal 2021, we completed an acquisition of Curative Talent and, on April 1, 2022 we completed the acquisition of the AMiON business, and we may in the future consider opportunities to acquire or make additional investments in new or complementary businesses, technologies, offerings, tools, or solutions, or enter into strategic alliances, that may enhance our capabilities and platform in general, complement our current offerings, or expand the breadth of our markets. Our ability to successfully grow through these types of strategic transactions depends upon our ability to identify, negotiate, acquire, and integrate suitable target businesses, technologies, tools, and solutions and to obtain any necessary financing, and is subject to numerous risks, including: 
 failure to identify acquisition, investment, or other strategic alliance opportunities that we deem suitable or available on favorable terms; 
 problems integrating the acquired business, technologies, tools, or solutions, including issues maintaining uniform standards, procedures, controls, and policies; 
 integrating personnel from the acquired company; 
 unanticipated costs associated with acquisitions, investments, or strategic alliances; 
 adverse impacts on our overall margins; 
 diversion of management s attention from our existing business; 
 risks associated with entering new markets in which we may have limited or no experience; 
 potential loss of key employees of acquired businesses; and 
 increased legal and accounting compliance costs. 
 In addition, a significant portion of the purchase price of companies we acquire may be allocated to acquired goodwill and other intangible assets. In the future, if our acquisitions do not yield expected returns, we may be required to take impairment charges to our results of operations based on our impairment assessment process, which could harm our results of operations. 
 We may experience challenges with managing the integration and growth related to these acquisitions or other future acquisitions. The operation and integration of the acquired technologies and business operations may require substantial financial costs and management attention. If we fail to manage such integration processes in a timely and effective manner, our business and financial results may suffer. If we are unable to identify suitable acquisitions or strategic relationships, or if we are unable to integrate any acquired businesses, technologies, tools, and solutions effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Also, while we employ several different methodologies to assess potential business opportunities, the new businesses may not meet or exceed our expectations. 
 27 

Table of Content s 

 We may enter into collaborations, in-licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances, or partnerships with third-parties that may not result in the development of commercially viable solutions or the generation of significant future revenue. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we may enter into collaborations, in-licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances, or technology partnerships to develop proposed solutions and to pursue new markets. Proposing, negotiating, and implementing collaborations, in-licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances, or partnerships may be a lengthy and complex process. Other companies, including those with substantially greater financial, marketing, sales, technology, or other business resources, may compete with us for these opportunities or arrangements. We may not identify, secure, or complete any such transactions or arrangements in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, on acceptable terms, or at all. We have limited institutional knowledge and experience with respect to these business development activities, and we may also not realize the anticipated benefits of any such transaction or arrangement. In particular, these collaborations may not result in the development of solutions that achieve commercial success or result in significant revenue and could be terminated prior to developing any solutions. 
 Additionally, we may not be in a position to exercise sole decision making authority regarding the transaction or arrangement, which could create the potential risk of creating impasses on decisions, and our collaborators may have economic or business interests or goals that are, or that may become, inconsistent with our business interests or goals. It is possible that conflicts may arise with our collaborators, such as conflicts concerning the achievement of performance milestones, or the interpretation of significant terms under any agreement, such as those related to financial obligations or the ownership or control of intellectual property developed during the collaboration. If any conflicts arise with our current or future collaborators, they may act in their self-interest, which may be adverse to our best interest, and they may breach their obligations to us. In addition, we have limited control over the amount and timing of resources that our current collaborators or any future collaborators devote to our collaborators or our future solutions. Disputes between us and our collaborators may result in litigation or arbitration which would increase our expenses and divert the attention of our management. Further, these transactions and arrangements are contractual in nature and may be terminated or dissolved under the terms of the applicable agreements and, in such event, we may not continue to have rights to the products relating to such transaction or arrangement or may need to purchase such rights at a premium. 
 We may be unable to successfully execute on our growth initiatives, business strategies, or operating plans. 
 We are continually executing on growth initiatives, strategies, and operating plans designed to enhance our business and extend our solutions. The anticipated benefits from these efforts are based on several assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. Moreover, we may not be able to successfully complete these growth initiatives, strategies, and operating plans and realize all of the benefits, including growth targets and cost savings, that we expect to achieve or it may be more costly to do so than we anticipate. A variety of risks could cause us not to realize some or all of the expected benefits. These risks include, among others, delays in the anticipated timing of activities related to such growth initiatives, strategies, and operating plans, increased difficulty and cost in implementing these efforts, including difficulties in complying with new regulatory requirements and the incurrence of other unexpected costs associated with operating our business. Moreover, our continued implementation of these programs may disrupt our operations and performance. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will realize these benefits. If for any reason the benefits we realize are less than our estimates, or the implementation of these growth initiatives, strategies, and operating plans adversely affect our operations or cost more or take longer to effectuate than we expect, or if our assumptions prove inaccurate, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 We employ third-party licensed software and software components for use in or with our solutions, and the inability to maintain these licenses or the presence of errors or security vulnerabilities in the software we license could limit the functionality of our solutions and result in increased costs or reduced service levels, which could adversely affect our business. 
 Our network incorporates or utilizes certain third-party software and software components obtained under licenses from other companies. We anticipate that we will continue to rely on such third-party software and development tools from third parties in the future. Although we believe that there are commercially reasonable alternatives to the third-party software we currently license, this may not always be the case, or it may be difficult or costly to replace. Our use of additional or alternative third-party software would require us to enter into license agreements with third parties. In addition, if the third-party software we utilize has errors, security vulnerabilities, or otherwise malfunctions, the functionality of our solutions may be negatively impacted and our business may suffer. 
 28 

Table of Content s 

 We rely on software-as-a-service, or SaaS, technologies from third parties. 
 We rely on SaaS technologies from third parties in order to operate critical functions of our business, including financial management services, relationship management services, marketing services, and data storage services. For example, we rely on Amazon Web Services for a substantial portion of our computing and storage capacity, and rely on Google for storage capacity and collaboration tools. We are also highly dependent on our technology integration with products offered by certain third parties. Amazon Web Services provides us with computing and storage capacity pursuant to an agreement that continues until terminated by either party. Similarly, Google provides us with storage capacity and certain collaboration tools, and also may non-renew its agreement by providing 15 days notice prior to the end of the then-current term. Some of our other vendor agreements may be unilaterally terminated by the counterparty for convenience. If these services become unavailable due to contract cancellations, extended outages or interruptions, because they are no longer available on commercially reasonable terms or prices, or for any other reason, our expenses could increase, our ability to manage our finances could be interrupted, our processes for managing our offerings and supporting our consumers and partners could be impaired, and our ability to access or save data stored to the cloud may be impaired until equivalent services, if available, are identified, obtained, and implemented, all of which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our growth depends in part on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties. 
 We anticipate that we will continue to depend on relationships with various third parties, including access to platforms and content providers and distributors to grow our business, authors who provide content (including learning and development material), and channel partners. Identifying, negotiating, and maintaining relationships with third parties require significant time and resources, as does integrating third-party content and technology. Our agreements with technology and content providers and similar third parties are typically non-exclusive and do not prohibit them from working with our competitors or from offering competing services. In some cases, in particular with respect to content providers, these relationships are undocumented, or, if there are agreements in place, they may be easily terminable. Our competitors may be effective in providing incentives to these parties to favor their solutions or may prevent us from developing strategic relationships with these parties. These third parties may decide that working with us is not in their interest. In addition, these third parties may not perform as expected under our agreements with them, and we have had, and may in the future have, disagreements or disputes with these parties, which could negatively affect our brand and reputation. It is possible that these third parties may not be able to devote the resources we expect to the relationship or they may terminate their relationships with us. Further, as members increasingly access our services through mobile devices, we are becoming more dependent on the distribution of our mobile applications through third parties, and we may not be able to access their application program interfaces or be able to distribute our applications or provide ease of integration, and this may also impact our ability to monetize our mobile solutions. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with third parties, our ability to compete in the marketplace or to grow our business could be impaired, and our operating results could suffer. Even if we are successful, these relationships may not result in improved operating results. 
 Any restrictions on our use of, or ability to license, data, or our failure to license data and integrate third-party technologies, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We depend upon licenses from third parties for some of the technology and data used in our applications, and for some of the technology platforms upon which these applications are built and operate. We expect that we may need to obtain additional licenses from third parties in the future in connection with the development of our solutions and services. In addition, we obtain a portion of the data that we use from government entities, public records, and our partners for specific partner engagements. We believe that we have all rights necessary to use the data that is incorporated into our solutions and services. However, we cannot assure you that our licenses for information will allow us to use that information for all potential or contemplated applications and solutions. 
 In the future, data providers could withdraw their data from us or restrict our usage for any reason, including if there is a competitive reason to do so, if legislation is passed restricting the use of the data, or if judicial interpretations are issued restricting use of the data that we currently use in our solutions and services. In addition, data providers could fail to adhere to our quality control standards in the future, causing us to incur additional expense to appropriately utilize the data. If a substantial number of data providers were to withdraw or restrict their data, or if they fail to adhere to our quality control standards, and if we are unable to identify and contract with suitable alternative data suppliers and integrate these data sources into our service offerings, our ability to provide solutions and services to our partners would be materially adversely impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We also integrate into our proprietary applications and use third-party software to maintain and enhance, among other things, content generation and delivery, and to support our technology infrastructure. Our use of third-party technologies exposes us to increased risks, including, but not limited to, risks associated with the integration of new technology into our 
 29 

Table of Content s 

 solutions, the diversion of our resources from development of our own proprietary technology, and our inability to generate revenue from licensed technology sufficient to offset associated acquisition and maintenance costs. These technologies may not be available to us in the future on commercially reasonable terms or at all and could be difficult to replace once integrated into our own proprietary applications. Most of these licenses can be renewed only by mutual consent and may be terminated if we breach the terms of the license and fail to cure the breach within a specified period of time. Our inability to obtain, maintain, or comply with any of these licenses could delay development until equivalent technology can be identified, licensed, and integrated, which would harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Most of our third-party licenses are non-exclusive and our competitors may obtain the right to use any of the technology covered by these licenses to compete directly with us. If our data suppliers choose to discontinue support of the licensed technology in the future, we might not be able to modify or adapt our own solutions. 
 Changes in accounting rules, assumptions, and/or judgments could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Accounting rules and interpretations for certain aspects of our operations are highly complex and involve significant assumptions and judgment. These complexities could lead to a delay in the preparation and dissemination of our financial statements. Furthermore, changes in accounting rules and interpretations or in our accounting assumptions and/or judgments could significantly impact our financial statements. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in restating prior period financial statements. Any of these circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Changes in tax laws or regulations that are applied adversely to us or our customers may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, and financial condition or result of operations. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and our tax provision could also be impacted by changes in accounting principles and changes in U.S. federal and state tax laws applicable to corporations. For example, legislation enacted in 2017, informally titled the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or Tax Act, and the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, or CARES Act, of 2020 significantly changed how the U.S. Department of Treasury imposes income taxes on U.S. corporations. For tax years beginning after December 31, 2021, the Tax Act eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenditures in the current period and requires taxpayers to capitalize and amortize U.S.-based research and development expenditures over five years. This legislation has accelerated the utilization of our net operating losses and research and development tax credits in the U.S. federal and state jurisdictions. We made significant judgments and assumptions in the interpretation of these laws and in our calculations reflected in our financial statements. The U.S. Department of Treasury, the Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS, and other standard-setting bodies may issue additional guidance on how the provisions of the Tax Act and CARES Act will be applied or otherwise administered, and additional accounting guidance or interpretations may be issued in the future that is different from our current interpretation. 
 Additionally, as an example, on August 16, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which includes changes to the U.S. corporate income tax system, including a 15 minimum tax based on adjusted financial statement income for certain large corporations which will not be effective until fiscal year 2024 and a 1 excise tax on share repurchases after December 31, 2022. We are currently assessing the potential impact of these legislative changes on our business. 
 Our ability to limit our liabilities by contract or through insurance may be ineffective or insufficient to cover our future liabilities. 
 We attempt to limit, by contract, our liability for damages arising from our negligence, errors, mistakes, or security breaches. Contractual limitations on liability, however, may not be enforceable or may otherwise not provide sufficient protection to us from liability for damages and we are not always able to negotiate meaningful limitations. We maintain liability insurance coverage, including coverage for cybersecurity and errors and omissions. It is possible, however, that claims could exceed the amount of our applicable insurance coverage, if any, or that this coverage may not continue to be available on acceptable terms or in sufficient amounts. Even if these claims do not result in liability to us, investigating and defending against them could be expensive and time-consuming and could divert management s attention away from our operations. In addition, negative publicity caused by these events may delay market acceptance of our solutions and services, any of which could materially and adversely affect our reputation and our business. 
 Our business could be disrupted by a pandemic, epidemic, or outbreak of an infectious disease. 
 Any pandemic, endemic or other infectious disease may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition by causing us to change the way we or our customers or members conduct business and engage with us. As an example, the COVID-19 pandemic, including its variants, affected our business operations, including, among other impacts, 
 30 

Table of Content s 

 causing the majority of our employees to work from home, impacting the way our customers engage with our business, and influencing the regulatory framework in which we operate. The full extent to which it will impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition is still unknown and will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided, we may experience materially adverse impacts to our business as a result of its global economic impact, including any recession that has occurred or may occur in the future. 
 While the potential economic impact and the duration of any pandemic, epidemic, or outbreak of an infectious disease, including COVID-19, may be difficult to assess or predict, the widespread COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant disruption of global financial markets, reducing our ability to access capital, which could in the future negatively affect our liquidity. The impact of any pandemic, epidemic, or outbreak of an infectious disease, including COVID-19, on the needs, expectations, and spending levels of our customers could impact our ability to maintain or grow our business and, as a result, our operating and financial results could be adversely affected. 
 To the extent that a pandemic adversely affects our business, financial condition, and results of operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. 
 Our business could be disrupted by catastrophic events such as power disruptions, data security breaches, and terrorism. 
 Natural disasters or other catastrophic events may cause damage or disruption to our operations, commerce, and the global economy, and thus could harm our business. In the event of a major earthquake, hurricane, fire, cyber-attack, major political disruption, any U.S. federal government debt default due to a failure to increase the debt ceiling, war (including the ongoing conflict in Ukraine), terrorist attack, disease (including the COVID-19 pandemic or any other pandemic or epidemic), power loss, telecommunications failure, or other catastrophic events, we may be unable to continue our operations, in part or in whole, and may endure reputational harm, breaches of data security, and loss of critical data, all of which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our insurance coverage may not compensate us for losses that may occur in the event of an earthquake or other significant natural disaster, such as fires, floods, severe weather, droughts, and travel-related health concerns including pandemics and epidemics. In addition, acts of terrorism, including malicious internet-based activity, could cause disruptions to the internet or the economy as a whole. Even with our disaster recovery arrangements, access to our platform could be interrupted. If our systems were to fail or be negatively impacted as a result of a natural disaster or other event, our ability to deliver our platform and solution to our customers and members would be impaired or we could lose critical data. If we are unable to develop adequate plans to ensure that our business functions continue to operate during and after a disaster, and successfully execute on those plans in the event of a disaster or emergency, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be harmed. 
 
 We have implemented a disaster recovery program that allows us to move website traffic to a backup data center in the event of a catastrophe. This allows us the ability to move traffic in the event of a problem, and the ability to recover in a short period of time. However, to the extent our disaster recovery program does not effectively support the movement of traffic in a timely or complete manner in the event of a catastrophe, our business and results of operations may be harmed. 
 We do not carry business interruption insurance sufficient to compensate us for the potentially significant losses, including the potential harm to our business, financial condition, and results of operations that may result from interruptions in access to our platform as a result of system failures. 
 As we grow our business, the need for business continuity planning and disaster recovery plans will grow in significance. If we are unable to develop adequate plans to ensure that our business functions continue to operate during and after a disaster, and successfully execute on those plans in the event of a disaster or emergency, our business and reputation would be harmed. 
 Our reputation and/or business could be negatively impacted by ESG matters and/or other reporting of such matters. 
 There is an increasing focus from regulators, certain investors, and other stakeholders concerning matters relating to environmental social and governance factors ESG ), both in the United States and internationally. We communicate certain ESG-related initiatives and/or commitments regarding environmental matters, diversity, and other matters on our website and elsewhere. These initiatives or commitments could be difficult or costly to achieve. We could fail to achieve, or be perceived to fail to achieve, our ESG-related initiatives or commitments. In addition, we could be criticized for the timing, scope or nature of these activities, or for any revisions to them. To the extent that our disclosures about ESG matters increase, we could be criticized for the accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of such disclosures. Our actual or perceived failure to achieve our ESG-related initiatives or commitments could negatively impact our reputation, result in ESG-focused investors not purchasing and holding our stock, or otherwise materially harm our business. 
 Our risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk. 
 31 

Table of Content s 

 We operate in a rapidly changing industry. Accordingly, our risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective to identify, monitor, and manage all the risks our business encounters. If our policies and procedures are not fully effective or we are not successful in identifying and mitigating all risks to which we are or may be exposed, we may suffer uninsured liability, harm to our reputation, or be subject to litigation or regulatory actions that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 For example, we have put into place various policies and practices intended to reduce exposure to credit risk. Events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. Our policies and practices may not be sufficient to withstand the impact of such events which could therefore could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 Although we are not a borrower or party to any instruments with a financial institution currently in receivership, if any of our lenders or counterparties to any such instruments were to be placed into receivership, we may be unable to access such funds. In addition, if any of our customers, suppliers or other parties with whom we conduct business are unable to access funds pursuant to such instruments or lending arrangements with such a financial institution, such parties ability to pay their obligations to us or to enter into new commercial arrangements requiring additional payments to us could be adversely affected. 
 We may incur significant additional costs and expenses, including costs and expenses associated with obligations relating to being a public company, which will require significant resources and management attention and may divert focus from our business operations, and we may generate losses in the future. 
 We incur significant expenses in developing our technology, marketing, and providing the tools and solutions we offer, and acquiring customers. Our costs may increase due to our continued new product development and general administrative expenses, such as legal and accounting expenses related to becoming and being a public company. As a public company, we will continue to incur significant legal, accounting, insurance, and other expenses, which we expect to further increase now that we are no longer an emerging growth company. Compliance with these reporting requirements and other rules of the SEC and the rules of the New York Stock Exchange have and will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. Furthermore, the need to establish the corporate infrastructure demanded of a public company may divert management s attention from implementing our growth strategy, which could prevent us from successfully implementing our strategic initiatives and improving our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects. If we fail to manage these additional costs or increase our revenue, we may incur losses in the future. 
 If we are unable to implement and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports. 
 As a public company, we are required to maintain internal controls over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. We are required to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In addition, now that we are no longer an emerging growth company, an independent registered public accounting firm must also issue a report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our internal control over financial reporting is documented, designed, or operating. Any failure to maintain effective disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition and could cause a decline in the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 The process of designing and implementing internal controls over financial reporting is time consuming, costly, and complicated. If during the evaluation and testing process, we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting or determine that existing material weaknesses have not been remediated, our management will be unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. Even if our management concludes that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, our independent registered public accounting firm may conclude that there are material weaknesses with respect to our internal controls or the level at which our internal controls are documented, designed, implemented, or reviewed. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or when required in the future, if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the valuation of our common stock could be adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property 
 32 

Table of Content s 

 We may not be able to halt the operations of entities that copy our intellectual property or that aggregate our data as well as data from other companies, including social networks, or copycat online services that may misappropriate our data. These activities could harm our brand and our business. 
 From time to time, third parties may try to access content or data from our networks through scraping, robots, or other means and use this content and data or combine this content and data with other content and data as part of their services. These activities could degrade our brand, negatively impact our website performance, and harm our business. We have employed contractual, technological, or legal measures in an attempt to halt unauthorized activities, but these measures may not be successful. In addition, if our members and customers do not comply with our terms of service, they also may be able to abuse our tools, solutions, and services and provide access to our solutions and content to unauthorized users. We may not be able to detect any or all of these types of activities in a timely manner and, even if we could, technological and legal measures may be insufficient to stop these actions. In some cases, particularly in the case of online services operating from outside of the United States, our available legal remedies may not be adequate to protect our business against such activities. Regardless of whether we can successfully enforce our rights against these parties, any measures that we may take could require us to expend significant financial or other resources. 
 Third parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing or otherwise violating their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our commercial success depends on our ability to develop and commercialize our services and use our proprietary technology without infringing the intellectual property or proprietary rights of third parties. From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business with respect to intellectual property. We are not currently subject to any material claims from third parties asserting infringement of their intellectual property rights. 
 Intellectual property disputes can be costly to defend and may cause our business, operating results, and financial condition to suffer. Whether merited or not, we have in the past and may in the future face allegations that we, our partners, our licensees, or parties indemnified by us have infringed or otherwise violated the patents, trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual property rights of third parties. Such claims may be made by competitors seeking to obtain a competitive advantage or by other parties. Some third parties may be able to sustain the costs of complex litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions, or other interim proceedings or developments, and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of our Class A common stock. Moreover, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any legal proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations. Assertions by third parties that we violate their intellectual property rights could therefore have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Additionally, in recent years, individuals and groups have begun purchasing intellectual property assets for the purpose of making claims of infringement and attempting to extract settlements from companies like ours. We may also face allegations that our employees have misappropriated the intellectual property or proprietary rights of their former employers or other third parties. It may be necessary for us to initiate litigation to defend ourselves in order to determine the scope, enforceability, and validity of third-party intellectual property or proprietary rights, or to establish our respective rights. In some cases, rather than licensing third party content, we rely on the doctrine of fair use as we incorporate excerpts of third party content in a curated content feed for our users, and we may face allegations that such use of third party content does not qualify to be treated as a fair use. Regardless of whether claims that we are infringing patents or other intellectual property rights have merit, such claims can be time-consuming, divert management s attention and financial resources, and can be costly to evaluate and defend. Results of any such litigation are difficult to predict and may require us to stop commercializing or using our solutions or technology, obtain licenses, modify our services and technology while we develop non-infringing substitutes or incur substantial damages, settlement costs or face a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting us from marketing or providing the affected solutions and services. If we require a third-party license, it may not be available on reasonable terms or at all, and we may have to pay substantial royalties, upfront fees, or grant cross-licenses to intellectual property rights for our solutions and services. We may also have to redesign our solutions or services so they do not infringe third-party intellectual property rights, which may not be possible or may require substantial monetary expenditures and time, during which our technology and solutions may not be available for commercialization or use. Even if we have an agreement to indemnify us against such costs, the indemnifying party may be unable to uphold its contractual obligations. If we cannot or do not obtain a third-party license to the infringed technology, license the technology on reasonable terms, or obtain similar technology from another source, our revenue and earnings could be adversely impacted. 
 33 

Table of Content s 

 In addition, because patent applications can take years to issue and are often afforded confidentiality for some period of time there may currently be pending applications, unknown to us, that later result in issued patents that could cover one or more of our solutions. 
 Failure to maintain, protect, or enforce our intellectual property rights could harm our business and results of operations. 
 We pursue the registration of our domain names, trademarks, and service marks in the United States. We also strive to protect our intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state, and common law rights, as well as contractual restrictions. We typically enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors, and confidentiality agreements with parties with whom we conduct business in order to limit access to, and disclosure and use of, our proprietary information. However, we may not be successful in executing these agreements with every party who has access to our confidential information or contributes to the development of our technology or intellectual property rights. Those agreements that we do execute may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach. These contractual arrangements and the other steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights may not prevent the misappropriation or disclosure of our proprietary information nor deter independent development of similar technology or intellectual property by others. 
 Effective trade secret, patent, copyright, trademark, and domain name protection is expensive to obtain, develop, and maintain, both in terms of initial and ongoing registration or prosecution requirements and expenses and the costs of defending our rights. We have invested in and may, over time, increase our investment in protecting our intellectual property through patent filings that could be expensive and time-consuming. Our trademarks and other intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. We have not yet obtained any issued patents that provide protection for our technology or products, and we cannot guarantee that any of our pending patent applications will result in any issued patents. Moreover, any issued patents we obtain may not provide us with a competitive advantage and, as with any technology, competitors may be able to develop similar or superior technologies to our own, now or in the future. In addition, it has become increasingly difficult to obtain and assert patents relating to software or business methods, as many such patents have been invalidated for being too abstract to constitute patent-eligible subject matter. We do not know whether this will affect our ability to obtain patents on our innovations, or successfully assert any patents we may pursue in litigation or pre-litigation campaigns. 
 Monitoring unauthorized use of the content on our apps and websites, and our other intellectual property and technology, is difficult and costly. Our efforts to protect our proprietary rights and intellectual property may not have been and may not be adequate to prevent their misappropriation or misuse. Third parties, including our competitors, could be infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating our intellectual property rights. We may not be successful in stopping unauthorized use of our content or other intellectual property or technology. Further, we may not have been and may not be able to detect unauthorized use of our technology or intellectual property, or to take appropriate steps to enforce our intellectual property rights. Any inability to meaningfully enforce our intellectual property rights could harm our ability to compete and reduce demand for our solutions and services. Our competitors may also independently develop similar technology. Effective patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret protection may not be available to us in every jurisdiction in which our solutions or technology are hosted or available. Further, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability, and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. The laws in the United States and elsewhere change rapidly, and any future changes could adversely affect us and our intellectual property. Our failure to meaningfully protect our intellectual property rights could result in competitors offering solutions that incorporate our most technologically advanced features, which could reduce demand for our solutions. 
 We may find it necessary or appropriate to initiate claims or litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, or determine the validity and scope of intellectual property rights claimed by others. In any lawsuit we bring to enforce our intellectual property rights, a court may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on grounds that our intellectual property rights do not cover the use or technology in question. Further, in such proceedings, the defendant could counterclaim that our intellectual property is invalid or unenforceable and the court may agree, in which case we could lose valuable intellectual property rights. Litigation is inherently uncertain and any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. If we fail to maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property, our business and results of operations may be harmed. 
 The laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of some countries, particularly developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of intellectual property protection. This could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property rights. Proceedings to enforce our intellectual property in foreign jurisdictions could result in 
 34 

Table of Content s 

 substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. In addition, changes in the law and legal decisions by courts in the United States and foreign countries may affect our ability to obtain adequate protection for our technology and the enforcement of intellectual property. 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. 
 We believe that our brand is critical to the success of our business, and we utilize trademark registration and other means to protect it. Our business would be harmed if we were unable to protect our brand against infringement and its value was to decrease as a result. 
 The registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names that we own or license may be challenged, infringed, circumvented, declared generic, lapsed, or determined to be infringing on or dilutive of other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights in these trademarks and trade names, which we need in order to build name recognition with potential partners. In addition, third parties may in the future file for registration of trademarks similar or identical to our trademarks. If they succeed in registering or developing common law rights in such trademarks, and if we are not successful in challenging such third-party rights, we may not be able to use these trademarks to commercialize our technologies or solutions in certain relevant countries. If we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, we may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be adversely affected. 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position could be harmed. 
 We rely heavily on trade secrets and confidentiality agreements to protect our unpatented know-how, technology, and other proprietary information, including our technology platform, and to maintain our competitive position. With respect to our technology platform, we consider trade secrets and know-how to be one of our primary sources of intellectual property. However, trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. We seek to protect these trade secrets and other proprietary technology in part by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside contractors, consultants, advisors, and other third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees and consultants. The confidentiality agreements are designed to protect our proprietary information and, in the case of agreements or clauses containing invention assignment, to grant us ownership of technologies that are developed through a relationship with employees or third parties. We cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each party that may have or have had access to our trade secrets or proprietary information, including our technology and processes. Despite these efforts, no assurance can be given that the confidentiality agreements we enter into will be effective in controlling access to such proprietary information and trade secrets. The confidentiality agreements on which we rely to protect certain technologies may be breached, may not be adequate to protect our confidential information, trade secrets, and proprietary technologies and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, trade secrets, or proprietary technology. Further, these agreements do not prevent our competitors or others from independently developing the same or similar technologies and processes, which may allow them to provide a service similar or superior to ours, which could harm our competitive position. 
 Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive, and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, it could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Our solutions utilize open source software, and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open source licenses could adversely affect our business. 
 Our solutions include software covered by open source licenses. The terms of various open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to market our solutions. By the terms of certain open source licenses, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software, and to make our proprietary software available under open source licenses, if we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner. In the event that portions of our proprietary software are determined to be subject to an open source license, we could be required to publicly release the affected portions of our source code, re-engineer all or a portion of our solutions, or otherwise be limited in the licensing of our solutions, each of which could reduce or eliminate the value of our solutions and services. In addition to risks related to license requirements, usage of open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide non-infringement warranties or warranties related to the 
 35 

Table of Content s 

 performance or suitability of the software. Many of the risks associated with usage of open source software cannot be eliminated and could adversely affect our business. 
 If we fail to comply with our obligations under license or technology agreements with third parties, we may be required to pay damages and we could lose license rights that are critical to our business. 
 We license certain intellectual property, including technologies and software from third parties, that is important to our business, and in the future we may enter into additional agreements that provide us with licenses to valuable intellectual property or technology. If we fail to comply with any of the obligations under our license agreements, we may be required to pay damages and the licensor may have the right to terminate the license. Termination by the licensor would cause us to lose valuable rights, and could prevent us from selling our solutions and services, or adversely impact our ability to commercialize future solutions and services. Our business would suffer if any current or future licenses terminate, if the licensors fail to abide by the terms of the license, if the licensors fail to enforce licensed patents against infringing third parties, if the licensed intellectual property are found to be invalid or unenforceable, or if we are unable to enter into necessary licenses on acceptable terms. In addition, our rights to certain technologies are licensed to us on a non-exclusive basis. The owners of these non-exclusively licensed technologies are therefore free to license them to third parties, including our competitors, on terms that may be superior to those offered to us, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage. Moreover, our licensors may own or control intellectual property that has not been licensed to us and, as a result, we may be subject to claims, regardless of their merit, that we are infringing or otherwise violating the licensor s rights. In addition, the agreements under which we license intellectual property or technology from third parties are generally complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement. Any of the foregoing could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 If we cannot license rights to use technologies on reasonable terms, we may not be able to commercialize new solutions or services in the future. 
 In the future, we may identify additional third-party intellectual property we may need to license in order to engage in our business, including to develop or commercialize new solutions or services. However, such licenses may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. The licensing or acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and several more established companies may pursue strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive or necessary. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, capital resources, and greater development or commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. Even if such licenses are available, we may be required to pay the licensor substantial royalties based on sales of our solutions and services. Such royalties are a component of the cost of our solutions or services and may affect the margins on our solutions and services. In addition, such licenses may be non-exclusive, which could give our competitors access to the same intellectual property licensed to us. If we are unable to enter into the necessary licenses on acceptable terms or at all, if any necessary licenses are subsequently terminated, if our licensors fail to abide by the terms of the licenses, if our licensors fail to prevent infringement by third parties, or if the licensed intellectual property rights are found to be invalid or unenforceable, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be affected. If licenses to third-party intellectual property rights are, or become required for us, to engage in our business, the rights may be non-exclusive, which could give our competitors access to the same technology or intellectual property rights licensed to us. Moreover, we could encounter delays and other obstacles in our attempt to develop alternatives. Defense of any lawsuit or failure to obtain any of these licenses on favorable terms could prevent us from commercializing solutions and services, which could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 We rely on third-party platforms, such as the Apple App Store and Google Play App Store, to distribute our platform and offerings. 
 Our apps are accessed and operate through third-party platforms or marketplaces, including the Apple App Store and Google Play App Store, which also serve as significant online distribution platforms for our apps. As a result, the expansion and prospects of our business and our apps depend on our continued relationships with these providers and any other emerging platform providers that are widely adopted by consumers. We are subject to the standard terms and conditions that these providers have for application developers, which govern the content, promotion, distribution, and operation of apps on their platforms or marketplaces, and which the providers can change unilaterally on short or no notice. Our business would be harmed if the providers discontinue or limit our access to their platforms or marketplaces; the platforms or marketplaces decline in popularity; the platforms modify their algorithms, communication channels available to developers, respective terms of service or other policies, including fees; the providers adopt changes or updates to their technology that impede integration with 
 36 

Table of Content s 

 other software systems or otherwise require us to modify our technology or update our apps in order to ensure that consumers can continue to access and use our platform. 
 If alternative providers increase in popularity, we could be adversely impacted if we fail to create compatible versions of our apps in a timely manner, or if we fail to establish a relationship with such alternative providers. Likewise, if our current providers alter their operating platforms, we could be adversely impacted as our offerings may not be compatible with the altered platforms or may require significant and costly modifications in order to become compatible. If our providers do not perform their obligations in accordance with our platform agreements, we could be adversely impacted. 
 In the past, some of these platforms or marketplaces have been unavailable for short periods of time. If this or a similar event were to occur on a short- or long-term basis, or if these platforms or marketplaces otherwise experience issues that impact the ability of consumers to download or access our apps and other information, it could have a material adverse effect on our brand and reputation, as well as our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 Risks Related to the Healthcare Industry 
 The healthcare regulatory and political framework is uncertain and evolving. 
 Healthcare laws and regulations are rapidly evolving and may change significantly in the future, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Certain regulatory changes that have occurred in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, have created opportunities for us. For example, many states have expanded Medicaid and commercial coverage for telehealth, in many cases at parity with brick and mortar services and with 0 co-pay. However, if states do not maintain this reimbursement parity after the pandemic, this could lower usage of our network. In addition, OCR has announced that they will not impose penalties for noncompliance with the regulatory requirements under the HIPAA Rules for covered healthcare providers in connection with good faith provision of telehealth during the COVID-19 nationwide public health emergency. However, if this enforcement discretion is rescinded and if other changes are rolled back after the pandemic, such changes could negatively impact usage on our network. 
 Consolidation in the healthcare industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Many healthcare industry participants are consolidating to create larger and more integrated healthcare delivery systems with greater market power. We expect regulatory and economic conditions to result in additional consolidation in the healthcare industry in the future. As consolidation accelerates, the economies of scale of our customers organizations may grow. If a customer experiences sizable growth following consolidation, it may determine that it no longer needs to rely on us and may reduce its demand for our solutions and services. In addition, as healthcare providers and life sciences companies consolidate to create larger and more integrated healthcare delivery systems with greater market power, these providers may try to use their market power to negotiate fee reductions for our solutions and services. Finally, consolidation may also result in the acquisition or future development by our healthcare provider and life sciences customers of solutions and services that compete with our solutions and services. Any of these potential results of consolidation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 If we or our customers fail to comply with federal and state healthcare laws, including those governing fee splitting, our business, and financial relationships, we or our customers may be subject to significant administrative, civil, and criminal penalties. 
 As a participant in the healthcare industry, our operations and relationships, and those of our customers, are regulated by a number of federal, state, and local governmental entities. The impact of these regulations can adversely affect us even though we may not be directly regulated by certain specific healthcare laws and regulations. We must ensure that our solutions and services can be used by our customers in a manner that complies with those laws and regulations. Inability of our customers to do so could affect the marketability of our solutions and services or our compliance with our customer contracts, or even expose us to direct liability under the theory that we had assisted our customers in a violation of healthcare laws or regulations. 
 For example, many states limit the scope of business relationships between business entities and medical professionals, particularly with respect to fee splitting. While many states fee-splitting laws only prohibit a physician from sharing medical fees with a referral source, some states have interpreted certain management agreements between business entities and physicians as unlawful fee-splitting. Statutes and regulations relating to the practice of medicine, fee-splitting, and similar issues vary widely from state to state. Because these laws are often vague, their application is frequently dependent on court rulings and attorney general opinions. Some of these requirements may apply to us even if we do not have a physical presence in the state, based solely on our agreements with providers licensed in the state. However, regulatory authorities or other parties, including our providers, may assert that we are engaged in the corporate practice of medicine or that our contractual 
 37 

Table of Content s 

 arrangements with our provider customers constitute unlawful fee splitting. These laws generally prohibit us from exercising control over the medical judgments or decisions of physicians and non-physician healthcare providers and from engaging in certain financial arrangements, such as splitting professional fees with healthcare providers. In this event, failure to comply could lead to adverse judicial or administrative action against us and/or our provider customers, civil or criminal penalties, receipt of cease and desist orders from state regulators, loss of provider licenses, the need to make changes to the terms of engagement of our provider customers that interfere with our business and other materially adverse consequences. Further, certain laws may apply to us indirectly through our relationships with healthcare professionals. For example, certain federal and state anti-kickback and false claims laws may apply to us indirectly through our arrangements with healthcare professionals and entities. 
 These laws and regulations may change rapidly, and it is frequently unclear how they apply to our business. Any failure of our solutions or services to comply with these laws and regulations could result in substantial administrative, civil, or criminal liability and could, among other things, adversely affect demand for our services, force us to expend significant capital, research and development, and other resources to address the failure, invalidate all or portions of some of our contracts with our customers, require us to change or terminate some portions of our business, require us to refund portions of our revenue, cause us to be disqualified from serving customers doing business with government payors, and give our customers the right to terminate our contracts with them, any one of which could have an adverse effect on our business. Even an unsuccessful challenge by regulatory authorities of our activities could result in adverse publicity and could require a costly response from us. 
 Our solutions address heavily regulated functions within the life sciences industry, and failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could lessen the demand for our solutions or subject us to significant claims and losses. 
 Our customers use our solutions for business activities that are subject to a complex regime of laws and regulations, including requirements regarding processing of health data (as set forth in 45 CFR Part 164 of HIPAA), and other state, local, and federal laws and regulations. Our solutions are expected to be capable of use by our customers in compliance with such laws and regulations. Our efforts to provide solutions that comply with such laws and regulations are time-consuming and costly and include validation procedures that may delay the release of new versions of our solutions. As these laws and regulations change over time, we may find it difficult to adjust our solutions to comply with such changes. 
 As we increase the number of solutions we offer, the complexity of adjusting our solutions to comply with legal and regulatory changes will increase. If we are unable to effectively manage this increase or if we are not able to provide solutions that can be used in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, customers may be unwilling to use our solutions and any such non-compliance could result in the termination of our customer agreements or claims arising from such agreements with our customers. 
 Additionally, any failure of our customers to comply with laws and regulations applicable to the functions for which our solutions are used could result in fines, penalties, or claims for substantial damages against our customers that may harm our business or reputation. If such failure were allegedly caused by our solutions or services, our customers may make a claim for damages against us, regardless of our responsibility for the failure. We may be subject to lawsuits that, even if unsuccessful, could divert our resources and our management s attention and adversely affect our business and customer relationships, and our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover such claims against us. 
 Evolving government regulations may increase our costs or adversely affect our results of operations. 
 In a regulatory climate that is uncertain, our operations may be subject to direct and indirect adoption, expansion, or reinterpretation of various laws and regulations. There could be laws and regulations applicable to our business that we have not identified or that, if changed, may be costly to us, and we cannot predict all the ways in which implementation of such laws and regulations may affect us. 
 Further, we cannot predict the likelihood, nature, or extent of health reform initiatives that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, particularly following any changes in the Presidential administration. The introduction of new solutions may require us to comply with additional, yet undetermined, laws and regulations. 
 In the event that we must modify our operations to comply with future laws, such modifications may undermine our existing and future offerings' attractiveness to customers, and our revenue may decline and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 38 

Table of Content s 

 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 Our stock price may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, resulting in substantial losses for investors of our Class A common stock. 
 The market price of our Class A common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial conditions and results of operations; 
 the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections, or our failure to meet these projections; 
 failure of securities analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of our company, changes in financial estimates or ratings by any securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant technical innovations, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, results of operations, or capital commitments; 
 changes in stock market valuations and operating performance of other healthcare and technology companies generally, or those in our industry in particular; 
 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the economy as a whole; 
 changes in our board of directors or management; 
 sales of large blocks of our Class A common stock, including sales by certain affiliates of Jeff Tangney, Emergence Capital Partners II, L.P., or Emergence Capital Partners, or our executive officers and directors; 
 lawsuits threatened or filed against us; 
 anticipated or actual changes in laws, regulations, or government policies applicable to our business; 
 changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of debt or equity securities; 
 short sales, hedging, and other derivative transactions involving our capital stock; 
 general economic conditions in the United States, including inflation and the interest rate environment and the impact of any U.S. federal government debt default due to a failure to increase the debt ceiling; 
 flash crashes, freeze flashes, or other glitches that disrupt trading on the securities exchange on which we are listed; 
 other global economic or political events or factors, including those resulting from war, pandemics, incidents of terrorism, or responses to these events; and 
 the other factors described in the sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled Risk Factors and Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 The stock market has recently experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. The market prices of securities of companies have experienced fluctuations that often have been unrelated or disproportionate to their results of operations. Market fluctuations could result in extreme volatility in the price of shares of our Class A common stock, which could cause a decline in the value of your investment. Price volatility may be greater if the public float and trading volume of shares of our Class A common stock is low. Furthermore, in the past, stockholders have sometimes instituted securities class action litigation against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of their securities. Any similar litigation against us could result in substantial costs, divert management s attention and resources, and harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 39 

Table of Content s 

 The dual class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with our executive officers (including our Chief Executive Officer) and directors and their affiliates this will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters. 
 Our Class B common stock has ten votes per share, and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. Stockholders who hold shares of Class B common stock, including our executive officers and directors and their affiliates, together hold approximately 86 of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock as of March 31, 2023. Because of the ten-to-one voting ratio between our Class B common stock and Class A common stock, the holders of our Class B common stock collectively will continue to control a substantial majority of the combined voting power of our common stock and therefore, assuming no material sales of such shares, will be able to control all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval until ten years from the date the Company filed its final prospectus with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, on June 25, 2021, including the election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other major corporate transaction. This concentrated control will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future. In addition, this may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our capital stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. Future transfers by holders of Class B common stock will generally result in those shares converting to Class A common stock, subject to limited exceptions, such as certain transfers effected for estate planning purposes. The conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common stock will have the effect, over time, of increasing the relative voting power of those holders of Class B common stock who retain their shares in the long term. If, for example, our executive officers (including our Chief Executive Officer), employees, directors and their affiliates retain a significant portion of their holdings of Class B common stock for an extended period of time, they could, in the future, continue to control a majority of the combined voting power of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock. 
 Future sales and issuances of our Class A common stock or rights to purchase Class A common stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans, could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause the stock price of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 In the future, we may sell Class A common stock, convertible securities, or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. We expect to issue securities to employees and directors pursuant to our equity incentive plans. If we sell common stock, convertible securities, or other equity securities in subsequent transactions, or common stock is issued pursuant to equity incentive plans, our investors may be materially diluted. New investors in such subsequent transactions could gain rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock, including our Class A common. 
 If a substantial number of shares become available for sale and are sold in a short period of time, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline. 
 If our existing stockholders sell substantial amounts of our Class A common stock in the public market in a short period of time, the market price of our Class A common stock could decrease significantly. The perception in the public market that our existing stockholders might sell shares of Class A common stock could also depress our market price. Our executive officers and directors and certain of our stockholders are subject to the Rule 144 holding period requirements. After the holding periods have elapsed and, in the case of restricted stock, the shares have vested, additional shares will be eligible for sale in the public market. The market price of shares of our Class A common stock may drop significantly when the restrictions on resale by our existing stockholders lapse. A decline in the price of shares of our Class A common stock might impede our ability to raise capital through the issuance of additional shares of our Class A common stock or other equity securities. 
 In addition, certain stockholders have rights, under our investors rights agreement, to require us to register shares owned by them for public sale in the United States. We also have certain holders of outstanding options that, if fully exercised, would result in the issuance of shares of Class A common stock. All of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options and the shares reserved for future issuance under our equity compensation plans have been registered for public resale under the Securities Act. As a result, subject to the satisfaction of applicable exercise periods, the shares issued upon exercise of outstanding stock options will be available for immediate resale in the United States in the open market. Sales of our Class A common stock as restrictions end or pursuant to registration rights may make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. These sales could also cause the trading price of our Class A common stock to fall and make it more difficult for you to sell shares of our Class A common stock. 
 Additionally, certain of our employees, executive officers, and directors have entered into, and may further enter into, Rule 10b5-1 trading plans providing for sales of shares of our Class A common stock from time to time. Under a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan, a broker executes trades pursuant to parameters established by the employee, director, or officer when entering into the plan, without further direction from the employee, officer, or director. Our employees, executive officers, and directors also 
 40 

Table of Content s 

 may buy or sell additional shares outside of a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan when they are not in possession of material, nonpublic information, subject to the Rule 144 requirements referred to above. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about our business, or they publish negative reports about our business, our share price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our Class A common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business, our market, and our competitors. We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our shares or publish negative views on us or our shares, our share price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our share price or trading volume to decline. 
 Delaware law and provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Certain provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of our company more difficult, including the following: 
 amendments to certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amendments to our amended and restated bylaws generally require the approval of at least 66 2/3 of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock; 
 our dual class common stock structure, which provides certain affiliates of Jeff Tangney and Emergence Capital Partners, individually or together, with the ability to significantly influence the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval, even if they own significantly less than a majority of the shares of our outstanding Class A common stock and Class B common stock; 
 our staggered board of directors; 
 at any time when the holders of our Class B common stock no longer beneficially own, in the aggregate, at least the majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock, our stockholders will only be able to take action at a meeting of stockholders and will not be able to take action by written consent for any matter; 
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting; 
 vacancies on our board of directors are able to be filled only by our board of directors and not by stockholders, subject to the rights granted pursuant to the stockholders agreement; 
 a special meeting of our stockholders may only be called by the chairperson of our board of directors or our Chief Executive Officer, as applicable, or a majority of our board of directors; 
 restrict the forum for certain litigation against us to Delaware or the federal courts, as applicable; 
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and shares of which may be issued without further action by our stockholders; and 
 advance notice procedures apply for stockholders (other than the parties to our stockholders agreement) to nominate candidates for election as directors or to bring matters before an annual meeting of stockholders. 
 Moreover, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company. Section 203 imposes certain restrictions on mergers, business combinations and other transactions between us and holders of 15 or more of our common stock. 
 These provisions, alone or together, could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors of their choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions they desire, any of which, under certain circumstances, could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our Class A common stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Class A common stock. 
 41 

Table of Content s 

 Our amended and restated bylaws designate specific state or federal courts located as the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for any state law claims for: 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 
 any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders; 
 any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws; or 
 any action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, or Delaware Forum Provision. 
 The Delaware Forum Provision does not apply to any causes of action arising under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. Further, our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States will be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, or the Federal Forum Provision. In addition, our amended and restated bylaws provide that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock is deemed to have notice of and consented to the Delaware Forum Provision and the Federal Forum Provision; provided, however, that stockholders cannot and will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 The Delaware Forum Provision and the Federal Forum Provision in our amended and restated bylaws may impose additional litigation costs on stockholders in pursuing any such claims. Additionally, these forum selection clauses may limit our stockholders ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that they find favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees, which may discourage the filing of lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees, even though an action, if successful, might benefit our stockholders. In addition, while the Delaware Supreme Court ruled in March 2020 that federal forum selection provisions purporting to require claims under the Securities Act be brought in federal court are facially valid under Delaware law, there is uncertainty as to whether other courts will enforce our Federal Forum Provision. If the Federal Forum Provision is found to be unenforceable, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters. The Federal Forum Provision may also impose additional litigation costs on stockholders who assert that the provision is not enforceable or invalid. The Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder considering an action may be located or would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments may be more or less favorable to us than our stockholders. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business and we do not expect to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, Delaware law may impose requirements that may restrict our ability to pay dividends to holders of our common stock. As a result, stockholders must rely on sales of their Class A common stock after price appreciation as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. 
 We could be subject to securities class action litigation. 
 In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in San Francisco, California and consists of approximately 9,197 square feet of space under a lease that expires on December 31, 2023. We also lease office space in Irving, Texas. We lease all of our facilities and 
 42 

Table of Content s 

 do not own any real property. We believe that our facilities are sufficient to meet our needs for the immediate future, and that, should it be needed, suitable additional space will be available to accommodate expansion of our operations. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 For discussion around our legal proceedings, please refer to Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 None. 
 43 

Table of Content s 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our Class A common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, under the symbol DOCS and began trading on June 24, 2021. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our Class A common stock. There is no established public trading market for our Class B common stock. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of May 23, 2023, there were 437 stockholders of record of our Class A common stock and 70 stockholders of record for our Class B common stock. Because many of our shares of Class A common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings and do not expect to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on a number of factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, general business conditions, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Refer to Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters included in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information regarding securities authorized for issuance. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 On June 28, 2021, we closed our IPO of 22,505,750 shares of our Class A common stock sold by us, including 3,495,000 shares pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares of our Class A common stock, and 4,289,250 shares of Class A common stock sold by an existing stockholder, at an offering price of 26.00 per share, resulting in proceeds to us of 548.5 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions as well as deferred offering costs. All of the shares issued and sold in our IPO were registered under the Securities Act pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-256584), which was declared effective by the SEC on June 23, 2021. Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Piper Sandler Co., William Blair Company, L.L.C., Canaccord Genuity LLC, Needham Company, LLC, Raymond James Associates, Inc., and SVB Leerink LLC acted as underwriters for the offering. We incurred offering expenses of approximately 5.5 million. No payments for such expenses were made to our directors or officers or their associates, holders of 10 or more of any class of our equity securities, or to our affiliates. Upon completion of the sale of the shares of our Class A common stock referenced in the preceding sentences, the IPO terminated. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our IPO from those disclosed in the Final Prospectus. 
 44 

Table of Content s 

 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table presents information with respect to the repurchases of our Class A common stock during the three months ended March 31, 2023: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Repurchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program (1) 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (in thousands) January 1 - 31, 2023 70,000 February 1 - 28, 2023 70,000 March 1 - 31, 2023 523,647 30.59 523,647 53,981 Total 523,647 523,647 
 _______________ 
 (1) On October 28, 2022, the Company s board of directors authorized a program to repurchase up to 70.0 million of the Company s Class A common stock. The repurchases could be executed from time to time for a period of 12 months through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. As of March 31, 2023, 54.0 million remained available and authorized for repurchase. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act. 
 The graph below shows the cumulative total return to our stockholders between June 24, 2021 (the date that our Class A common stock commenced trading on the NYSE) through March 31, 2023 in comparison to the S P 500 Index and the S P 500 Information Technology Index. The graph assumes (i) that 100 was invested in each of our Class A common stock, the S P 500 Index, and the S P 500 Information Technology Index at their respective closing prices on June 24, 2021 and (ii) reinvestment of gross dividends. The stock price performance shown in the graph represents past performance and should not be considered an indication of future stock price performance. 
 
 45 

Table of Content s 

 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 46 

Table of Content s 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, as described under the heading Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under the section titled Risk Factors or in other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future. 
 A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 is presented below. A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 can be found in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 and filed with the SEC on May 27, 2022. 
 
 Overview 
 We are the leading digital platform for U.S. medical professionals, as measured by the number of U.S. physician members. Our members include more than 80 of physicians across all 50 states and every medical specialty. 
 Our mission is to help every physician be more productive and provide better care for their patients. We are physicians-first, putting technology to work for doctors instead of the other way around. That guiding principle has enabled Doximity to become an essential and trusted professional platform for physicians. Our cloud-based platform provides our members with tools specifically built for medical professionals, enabling them to collaborate with their colleagues, securely coordinate patient care, conduct virtual patient visits, stay up-to-date with the latest medical news and research, monitor their work schedules, and manage their careers. Doximity membership is free for physicians. Our revenue-generating customers, primarily pharmaceutical manufacturers and healthcare systems, have access to a suite of commercial solutions that benefit from broad physician usage. 
 At the core of our platform is the largest medical professional network in the nation, which creates proximity within our community of doctors and hundreds of thousands of other medical professionals. Verified members can search and connect with colleagues and specialists, which allows them to better coordinate patient care and streamline referrals. Our newsfeed addresses the ever increasing sub-specialization of medical expertise and volume of medical research by delivering news and information that is relevant to each physician's clinical practice. We also support physicians in their day-to-day practice of medicine with mobile-friendly and easy-to-use clinical workflow tools such as voice and video dialer, secure messaging, and digital faxing. 
 Our business model has delivered high revenue growth at scale with profitability. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we recognized revenue of 419.1 million, 343.5 million, and 206.9 million, respectively, representing year-over-year growth rates of 22 and 66 , respectively. Our net income was 112.8 million, 154.8 million, and 50.2 million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we generated adjusted EBITDA of 184.0 million, 150.3 million, and 64.8 million, respectively. We have accomplished this while focusing on our core mission to help every physician be more productive and provide better care for their patients. 

Key Business and Financial Metrics 
 We monitor a number of key business and financial metrics to assess the health and success of our business, including: 
 Customers with Trailing 12-Month Subscription Revenue Greater than 100,000. The number of customers with trailing 12-month TTM subscription revenue greater than 100,000 is a key indicator of the scale of our business, and is calculated by counting the number of customers that contributed more than 100,000 in subscription revenue in the TTM period. Our customer count is subject to adjustments for acquisitions, consolidations, spin-offs, and other market activity, and we present our total customer count for historical periods reflecting these adjustments. 
 47 

Table of Content s 

 The number of customers with at least 100,000 of revenue has grown steadily in recent years as we have engaged new customers and expanded within existing ones. This cohort of customers accounted for approximately 87 of our revenue in fiscal 2023. 
 March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Number of customers with at least 100,000 of revenue 294 1 
 254 188 _________________________ 
 1 The metric excludes the impact of the AMiON acquisition, which closed on April 1, 2022, including customers of, and subscription revenue generated from, the AMiON on-call scheduling and messaging application, and the impact of such acquisition was immaterial to the periods presented. 
 Net Revenue Retention Rate. Net revenue retention rate is calculated by taking the TTM subscription-based revenue from our customers that had revenue in the prior TTM period and dividing that by the total subscription-based revenue for the prior TTM period. Our net revenue retention rate compares our subscription revenue from the same set of customers across comparable periods, and reflects customer renewals, expansion, contraction, and churn. Our net revenue retention rate is directly tied to our revenue growth rate and thus fluctuates as that growth rate fluctuates. 
 March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net revenue retention rate 117 1 
 157 153 _________________________ 
 1 The metric excludes the impact of the AMiON acquisition, which closed on April 1, 2022, including customers of, and subscription revenue generated from, the AMiON on-call scheduling and messaging application, and the impact of such acquisition was immaterial to the periods presented. 

Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 Marketing Solutions. Our customers purchase a subscription to Marketing Solutions, either directly or through marketing agencies, for the ability to share tailored content on the Doximity platform via a variety of modules for defined time periods. We generally bill customers a portion of the contract upon contract execution and then bill throughout the remainder of the contract based on various time-based milestones. Generally, we bill in advance of revenue recognition. When revenue is recognized in advance of billings, we record unbilled revenue. Unbilled revenue is recorded on the consolidated balance sheets within prepaid expenses and other current assets. Subscriptions to Marketing Solutions include the following contractual arrangements: 
 Subscriptions for specific modules delivered on a monthly basis to a consistent number of targeted Doximity members during the subscription period. Pricing is based on the number and composition of the targeted Doximity members, and on the specific modules purchased. 
 Integrated subscriptions for a fixed subscription fee that are not tied to a single module, allowing customers to utilize any combination of modules during the subscription period. 
 For these subscription-based contractual arrangements, we recognize revenue over time as control of the service is transferred to the customer. 
 Hiring Solutions. We provide customers access to our platform which enables them to post job openings or deliver a fixed number of monthly messages to our network of medical professionals. Hiring Solutions contracts are noncancellable and customers are billed in annual, quarterly, or monthly installments in advance of the service period, and revenue is recognized ratably over the contractual term. 
 Through our acquisition of Curative Talent, completed in fiscal 2021, we also generate revenue from temporary and permanent medical recruiting services which we charge on an hourly-fee, and retainer and placement-fee basis, respectively. Revenue for temporary placement services is recognized net of third-party contractor fees. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, the revenue from temporary and permanent medical recruiting services was not significant to our total revenue. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue is primarily comprised of expenses related to cloud hosting, personnel-related expenses for our customer success team, costs for third-party platform access, software services and contractors, and other services used in connection with the delivery and support of our platform. Our cost of revenue also includes the amortization of internal-use software development costs, editorial and other content-related expenses, and allocated overhead. Cost of revenue is driven by the 
 48 

Table of Content s 

 growth of our member network and utilization of our telehealth tools. We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our cloud infrastructure and our customer support organizations to support the growth of our business and expect these expenses to increase on an absolute dollar basis. 
 Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 Gross profit is total revenue less total cost of revenue. Gross margin is gross profit expressed as a percentage of total revenue. Gross profit and gross margin has been and will continue to be affected by a number of factors, including the timing of our acquisition of new customers and sa les of additional solutions to existing customer s , the timing and extent of our investments in our operations, cloud hosting costs, growth in our customer success team, and the timing of amortization of internal-use software development costs and deferred contract costs. We expect our gross margin to remain relatively steady over the near term, although our quarterly gross margin is expected to fluctuate from period to period depending on the interplay of these and other factors. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expense is primarily comprised of personnel-related expenses associated with our engineering and product teams who are responsible for building new products and improving existing products. Research and development expense also includes costs for third-party services and contractors, information technology and software-related costs, and allocated overhead. Other than internal-use software development costs that qualify for capitalization, research and development costs are expensed as incurred. We expect research and development expenses will increase on an absolute dollar basis as we continue to grow our platform and product offerings. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expense is primarily comprised of personnel-related expenses , sales incentive compensation, travel, and other event expenses. Sales and marketing expense also includes costs for third-party services and contractors, information technology and software-related costs, allocated overhead, amortization of intangible assets, and change in fair value of contingent earn-out consideration liability. We capitalize sales incentive compensation that is considered to be incremental and recoverable costs of obtaining a contract with a customer. These sales incentive compensation costs are amortized over the period of benefit. We expect sales and marketing expense to increase and to be our largest expense on an absolute basis. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expense is primarily comprised of personnel-related expenses associated with our executive, finance, legal, human resources, information technology, and facilities employees. General and administrative expense includes fees for third-party legal and accounting services, insurance expense, information technology and software-related costs, and allocated overhead. We expect that general and administrative expense will increase on an absolute dollar basis as we incur compliance costs associated with being a publicly-traded company, including legal, audit, and consulting fees. 
 Other Income, Net 
 Other income, net consists primarily of investment income earned on our cash equivalents and marketable securities. 
 Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes 
 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes consists primarily of income taxes in U.S. federal, state, and local jurisdictions in which we conduct business. We continue to maintain a valuation allowance related to specific net deferred tax assets where it is not more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized, which includes California research and development credits, California alternative minimum tax credits, and capital loss carryforwards. 
 49 

Table of Content s 

 Results of Operations 
 The following tables set forth our consolidated results of operations data and such data as a percentage of revenue for the periods presented. 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 (in thousands) Revenue 419,052 343,548 206,897 Cost of revenue (1) 
 53,490 39,787 31,196 Gross profit 365,562 303,761 175,701 Operating expenses: Research and development (1) 
 80,186 62,350 43,873 Sales and marketing (1) 
 123,523 92,129 62,033 General and administrative (1) 
 36,745 35,746 16,492 Total operating expenses 240,454 190,225 122,398 Income from operations 125,108 113,536 53,303 Other income, net 8,048 469 4,466 Income before income taxes 133,156 114,005 57,769 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 20,338 (40,778) 7,559 Net income 112,818 154,783 50,210 
 _______________ 
 (1) Costs and expenses include stock-based compensation expense as follows: 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 (in thousands) Cost of revenue 9,634 4,979 600 Research and development 12,583 7,065 1,975 Sales and marketing 16,939 8,108 1,998 General and administrative 8,678 11,290 2,679 Total stock-based compensation expense 47,834 31,442 7,252 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 (percentage of revenue) Revenue 100 100 100 Cost of revenue 13 12 15 Gross profit 87 88 85 Operating expenses: Research and development 19 18 21 Sales and marketing 29 27 30 General and administrative 9 10 8 Total operating expenses 57 55 59 Income from operations 30 33 26 Other income, net 2 2 Income before income taxes 32 33 28 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 5 (12) 4 Net income 27 45 24 
 
 50 

Table of Content s 

 Comparison of the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 Revenue 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, Change 2023 2022 (in thousands, except percentages) Revenue 419,052 343,548 75,504 22 
 Revenue for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 increased 75.5 million as compared to the fiscal year ended 2022. The increase was primarily driven by a 70.4 million increase in subscription revenue. Of the increase in subscription revenue, 15.3 million was driven by the addition of new subscription customers 1 and 55.1 million was due to the expansion of existing customers. The expansion of existing customers was primarily driven by average revenue per existing Marketing Solutions customer increasing by 21 as a result of adding new and growing existing brands and service lines. Approximately 93 of our revenue for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 was derived from subscription customers. The remaining increase in revenue was driven by an increase in medical recruiting services. 
 Cost of revenue, gross profit and gross margin 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, Change 2023 2022 (in thousands, except percentages) Cost of revenue 53,490 39,787 13,703 34 Gross profit 365,562 303,761 61,801 20 Gross margin 87 88 
 Cost of revenue for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 increased 13.7 million as compared to the fiscal year ended 2022. The increase in cost of revenue was primarily driven by a 5.4 million increase in personnel-related costs as a result of headcount growth of 24 , and a 5.2 million increase in expense related to the U.S. News partnership, of which 2.8 million related to the U.S. News Warrant granted in October 2021. In addition, there was an increase of 1.9 million in stock-based compensation expense, primarily due to headcount growth and awards granted to existing employees. 
 Gross margin for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 decreased primarily due to headcount growth and expenses related to our U.S. News partnership, offset by growth in revenues. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and development 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, Change 2023 2022 (in thousands, except percentages) Research and development 80,186 62,350 17,836 29 
 Research and development expense for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 increased 17.8 million as compared to the fiscal year ended 2022. The increase in research and development expense was primarily driven by a 9.6 million increase in personnel-related costs as a result of headcount growth of approximately 12 . The increase was also driven by a 5.5 million increase in stock-based compensation primarily attributable to headcount growth and awards granted to existing employees. In addition, there was a 1.9 million increase in third-party software costs as a result of increased research and development activities and a 1.1 million increase in employee events and travel-related expenses as compared to the prior period. 
 
 1 We define new subscription customers as revenue generating subscription customers in the current fiscal period who did not contribute any revenue for the same period in the prior fiscal year. 
 51 

Table of Content s 

 Sales and marketing 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, Change 2023 2022 (in thousands, except percentages) Sales and marketing 123,523 92,129 31,394 34 
 Sales and marketing expense for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 increased 31.4 million as compared to the fiscal year ended 2022. The increase in sales and marketing expense was primarily driven by a 9.5 million increase in personnel-related costs due to headcount growth of 17 . The increase was also driven by an 8.8 million increase in stock-based compensation expense, primarily due to headcount growth and awards granted to existing employees and a 4.9 million increase in costs related to employee events, travel, trade shows, conferences, and other marketing activities. There was also an increase of 3.2 million due to amortization expense for the intangible assets acquired in the AMiON acquisition. The remaining increase is primarily related to a 2.0 million increase in commissions and incentive compensation costs driven by an increase in sales activity and a 1.4 million increase in consulting services. 
 General and administrative 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, Change 2023 2022 (in thousands, except percentages) General and administrative 36,745 35,746 999 3 
 General and administrative expense for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 increased 1.0 million as compared to the fiscal year ended 2022. The increase in general and administrative expense was primarily driven by a 2.2 million increase in personnel-related costs due to headcount growth of 23 . These increases were offset by a 2.6 million decrease in stock-based compensation expense primarily due to lower expense from a market-based award which completed vesting in the first quarter of fiscal 2023 and lower expense from other performance-based awards. The remaining change was to support the growth of the business. 
 Other income, net 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, Change 2023 2022 (in thousands, except percentages) Other income, net 8,048 469 7,579 1616 
 Other income, net for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 increased 7.6 million as compared to the fiscal year ended 2022, primarily driven by increases in interest income due to higher yields earned on our cash equivalents and marketable securities portfolio and a higher average portfolio balance in fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022. 
 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, Change 2023 2022 (in thousands, except percentages) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 20,338 (40,778) 61,116 NM 
 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, we had income tax expense of 20.3 million compared to an income tax benefit of 40.8 million for the fiscal year ended 2022. This change was primarily driven by a decrease in stock option activities resulting in a decrease in tax deductions and research and development tax credits. 
 ___________________ 
 NM: Percentage not meaningful. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Since inception, we have financed operations primarily through proceeds received from sales of equity securities and payments received from our customers. As of March 31, 2023, our principal sources of liquidity were cash and cash equivalents 
 52 

Table of Content s 

 and marketable securities of 841.0 million. Our marketable securities consist of U.S. government and agency securities, corporate notes and bonds, commercial paper, certificates of deposit, asset-backed securities, and sovereign bonds. 
 In June 2021, we completed our IPO, in which we issued and sold 22,505,750 shares of our Class A common stock at 26.00 per share, including 3,495,000 shares issued upon the exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares. We received proceeds of 548.5 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions as well as deferred offering costs. 
 On May 12, 2022, the Company s board of directors authorized a program to repurchase up to 70.0 million of the Company s Class A common stock. As of September 30, 2022, the Company repurchased and retired 2,150,982 shares of Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 70.0 million, thereby completing this share repurchase program. 
 On October 28, 2022, the Company s board of directors authorized an additional program to repurchase up to 70.0 million of the Company s Class A common stock. The repurchases may be executed from time to time over the next 12 months, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. Immediately upon the repurchase of any shares of Class A common stock, such shares shall be retired by the Company and shall automatically return to the status of authorized but unissued shares of Class A common stock. As of March 31, 2023, the Company repurchased and retired 523,647 shares of Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 16.0 million, and 54.0 million remained available and authorized for repurchases. 
 We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to support working capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our revenue growth rate, the timing and the amount of cash received from customers, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, timing of share repurchases, and the timing and extent of spending to support research and development efforts. Further, we may in the future enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in businesses and technologies. We may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We have not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements and do not have any holdings in variable interest entities. 
 For further details regarding our cash requirements from noncancelable operating lease obligations and other contractual commitments, see Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies and Note 15 Leases included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Cash Flows 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 (in thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities 179,602 126,575 Net cash used in investing activities (59,923) (640,574) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (74,461) 560,415 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 179.6 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. This consisted of net income of 112.8 million, adjusted for non-cash items of 87.8 million and a net outflow from operating assets and liabilities of 21.0 million. Non-cash items primarily consisted of stock-based compensation expense of 47.8 million, deferred income taxes of 13.2 million, depreciation and amortization expense of 10.3 million, amortization of deferred contract costs of 8.8 million, and amortization of the premium on marketable securities of 3.1 million. The net outflow from operating assets and liabilities was driven by a 26.2 million increase in accounts receivable due to the growth of our business and the timing of collections, an 8.5 million increase in deferred contract costs due to increased sales activity, and a 3.4 million increase in prepaid expenses and other assets. These outflows were partially offset by an increase of 17.5 million in deferred revenue due to the timing of customer billings and program launches. 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 126.6 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. This consisted of net income of 154.8 million, adjusted for non-cash items of 12.1 million and a net outflow in operating assets and liabilities of 
 53 

Table of Content s 

 40.3 million. Non-cash items primarily consisted of stock-based compensation expense of 31.4 million, amortization of deferred contract costs of 9.8 million, depreciation and amortization expense of 5.0 million, amortization of the premium on marketable securities of 4.3 million, offset by a negative non-cash adjustment for deferred tax benefit of 41.2 million. The net decrease in operating assets and liabilities was driven by a 31.0 million increase in accounts receivable due to the growth of our business and the timing of collections, a 9.6 million increase in deferred contract costs due to increased sales activity, and a 9.1 million increase in prepaid expenses and other assets. These decreases were partially offset by an increase of 8.7 million in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities, which was primarily a result of increased accrued payroll, bonus, and related expenses due to increased headcount and timing of payments and increased rebate liabilities due to higher sales combined with the timing of payments. 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 Cash used in investing activities was 59.9 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, which primarily consisted of 190.6 million of marketable securities purchases, 53.5 million paid for the acquisition of AMiON, 4.5 million for internal-use software development costs, and 1.7 million for purchases of property and equipment. These payments were partially offset by proceeds from the sale of marketable securities of 107.2 million and proceeds from the maturities of marketable securities of 83.1 million. 
 Cash used in investing activities was 640.6 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, which primarily consisted of purchases of marketable securities of 1.3 billion, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of marketable securities of 633.8 million, proceeds from the maturities of marketable securities of 47.9 million, and capitalization of internal-use software development costs of 3.8 million. 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 Cash used in financing activities was 74.5 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, which primarily consisted of common stock repurchases of 85.3 million and 3.8 million of taxes paid related to the net share settlement of equity awards. These payments were partially offset by 9.9 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options and common stock warrants and 4.8 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock related to the employee stock purchase plan. 
 Cash provided by financing activities was 560.4 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, which primarily consisted of 553.9 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock upon our initial public offering after deducting underwriting fees and commissions, 12.6 million of net proceeds from the exercise of stock options, and 1.4 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock in connection with the employee stock purchase plan. These proceeds were partially offset by 4.0 million in payments for deferred offering costs and 2.7 million in payments from the repurchase and retirement of common stock. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We use adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow to measure our performance, identify trends, formulate financial projections, and make strategic decisions. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 We define adjusted EBITDA as net income before interest, income taxes, depreciation, and amortization, and as further adjusted for acquisition and other related expenses, stock-based compensation expense, change in fair value of contingent earn-out consideration liability, and other income, net. Net income margin represents net income as a percentage of revenue and adjusted EBITDA margin represents adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of revenue. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a key measure we use to assess our financial performance and is also used for internal planning and forecasting purposes. We believe adjusted EBITDA is helpful to investors, analysts, and other interested parties because it can assist in providing a more consistent and comparable overview of our operations across our historical financial periods. 
 Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin are non-GAAP measures and are presented for supplemental informational purposes only and should not be considered as alternatives or substitutes to the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. These measures have certain limitations in that they do not include the impact of certain expenses that are reflected in our consolidated statements of operations that are necessary to run our business. Other companies, including other companies in our industry, may not use these measures or may calculate these measures differently than as presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 54 

Table of Content s 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of net income to adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin, and net income margin (in thousands, except percentages): Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net income 112,818 154,783 50,210 Adjusted to exclude the following: Acquisition and other related expenses 30 254 496 Stock-based compensation 47,834 31,442 7,252 Depreciation and amortization 10,283 5,040 3,702 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 20,338 (40,778) 7,559 Change in fair value of contingent earn-out consideration liability 728 Other income, net (8,048) (469) (4,466) Adjusted EBITDA 183,983 150,272 64,753 Revenue 419,052 343,548 206,897 Net income margin 27 45 24 Adjusted EBITDA margin 44 44 31 
 Free Cash Flow 
 Free cash flow is a key performance measure that our management uses to assess our overall performance. We consider free cash flow to be a liquidity measure that provides useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated by our business that can be used for strategic opportunities, including investing in our business, making strategic acquisitions, and strengthening our financial position. 
 We calculate free cash flow as cash flow from operating activities less purchases of property and equipment and internal-use software development costs. 
 Although we believe free cash flow is a useful indicator of business performance, free cash flow is presented for supplemental informational purposes only and should not be considered a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Free cash flow has limitations as an analytical tool, and it should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of other GAAP financial measures, such as net cash provided by operating activities. Some of the limitations of free cash flow are that it may not properly reflect future contractual commitments that have not been realized in the current period. Our free cash flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies because they may not calculate free cash flow in the same manner as we calculate the measure, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of our free cash flow to the most comparable GAAP measure, net cash provided by operating activities, for each of the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 179,602 126,575 82,973 Purchases of property and equipment (1,701) (1,912) (245) Internal-use software development costs (4,483) (3,785) (4,365) Free cash flow 173,418 120,878 78,363 Other cash flow components: Net cash used in investing activities (59,923) (640,574) (70,417) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (74,461) 560,415 5,407 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of our financial statements also requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts stated in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by management. To the extent that there are 
 55 

Table of Content s 

 differences between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows will be affected. 
 We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following accounting policies involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, we believe the below policies are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial statements. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Marketing Solutions customers may purchase a subscription for a specific module to be used over a defined period of time. These customers may purchase more than one module with either the same or different subscription periods. Each module targets a consistent number of Doximity members per month for the duration of the subscription period. The Company treats each subscription to a specific module as a distinct performance obligation because each module is capable of being distinct as the customer can benefit from the subscription to each module on their own and each subscription can be sold standalone. The subscription to each module is treated as a series of distinct performance obligations because it is distinct and substantially the same, satisfied over time, and has the same measure of progress. The total transaction price is allocated to the individual module subscriptions, which represent separate performance obligations, based on the relative standalone selling price. We commence revenue recognition when the first content for the specific module is launched on the platform for the initial monthly period and revenue is recognized over time as each subsequent content period is delivered. 
 Marketing Solutions customers may also purchase integrated subscriptions for a fixed subscription fee that are not tied to a single module but allow customers to utilize any combination of modules during the subscription period subject to limits on the total number of modules launched in a given period of time, active at any given time, and members targeted. These represent stand-ready obligations in that the delivery of the underlying sponsored content is within the control of the customer and the extent of use in any given period does not diminish the remaining services. For these integrated campaign subscriptions, we record revenue ratably over the subscription period commencing with the beginning of the subscription term. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with the authoritative guidance on stock compensation. Under the fair value recognition provisions of this guidance, stock-based compensation is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense, net of estimated forfeitures, in the consolidated statements of operations over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the respective award. Forfeitures are estimated based upon our historical experience and we revise the estimates, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates. 
 Determining the grant-date fair value of stock options, warrants, and purchase rights under the employee stock purchase plan, or ESPP, requires judgment. We estimate the fair value of restricted stock units, or RSUs, at our stock price on the grant date. We use the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair value of stock options, warrants, and the ESPP. The determination of the grant-date fair value using the Black-Scholes model is affected by the fair value of our common stock and assumptions regarding a number of other complex and subjective variables. These assumptions include the expected term of the award, the expected stock price volatility over the expected term of the award, the risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the award, and expected dividends. 
 Prior to the IPO, when there was no public market for our common stock, significant judgment was involved in determining the fair value of our common stock and the expected stock price volatility. Our board of directors considered numerous objective and subjective factors to determine the fair value of our common stock at each meeting during which awards were approved. These factors included, but were not limited to (i) contemporaneous third-party valuations of common stock; (ii) the rights and preferences of our preferred stock relative to common stock; (iii) the lack of marketability of common stock; (iv) developments in the business; and (v) the likelihood of achieving a liquidity event, such as an IPO or sale of the Company, given prevailing market conditions. The expected volatility was determined using the historical volatilities of several publicly listed peer companies over a period equivalent to the expected term of the awards. We have not granted stock options to employees subsequent to the IPO. 
 Business Combinations 
 The results of businesses acquired in business combinations are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of the acquisition. Purchase accounting results in assets and liabilities of an acquired business being recorded at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. Any excess consideration over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill. The purchase price allocation process requires management to make significant judgment 
 56 

Table of Content s 

 and estimates, including the selection of valuation methodologies, estimates of future expected cash flows, future revenue growth, margins, customer retention rates, technology life, royalty rates, expected use of acquired assets, and discount rates. These factors are also considered in determining the useful life of the acquired intangible assets. These estimates are based in part on historical experience, market conditions and information obtained from management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. We engage the assistance of valuation specialists in concluding on fair value measurements in connection with determining fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations. 
 Contingent earn-out consideration payable in cash arising from business combinations is recorded at fair value as a liability on the acquisition date and remeasured at each reporting date. Changes in fair value are recorded in sales and marketing expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Determining the fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration each period requires management to make assumptions and judgments. These estimates involve inherent uncertainties, and if different assumptions had been used, the fair value of contingent consideration could have been materially different from the amounts recorded. The significant inputs used in the fair value measurement of the contingent earn-out consideration liability are the discount rate and the timing and amounts of the future payments, which are based upon estimates of future achievement of the performance metrics. 
 Transaction-related costs are expensed as incurred and are included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Substantially all of our operations are within the United States and we do not have any foreign currency exposure. We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business, including the effects of interest rate changes and inflation. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities primarily consist of cash on hand and highly liquid investments in money market funds, corporate notes and bonds, asset-backed securities, commercial paper, certificates of deposit, U.S. government and agency securities, and sovereign bonds. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 158.0 million and 112.8 million and marketable securities of 683.0 million and 685.3 million, respectively. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Our investments are exposed to market risk due to fluctuations in interest rates, which may affect our interest income and the fair value of our investments. Fixed rate securities may have their market value adversely affected due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future investment income may fall short of expectation due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in market value due to changes in interest rates. 
 A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates would have resulted in a decrease of 5.0 million and 10.6 million, respectively, in the market value of our cash equivalents and marketable securities as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022. Fluctuations in the value of our investments caused by a change in interest rates are recorded in other comprehensive income and are realized in net income only if we sell the underlying securities. 
 Impact of Inflation 
 We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Nonetheless, if our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Page(s) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 59 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders' Equity 
 65 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 67 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 69 

58 

Tabl e of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Doximity, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Doximity, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated May 26, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Revenue Recognition Subscriptions Refer to Notes 2 and 3 to the Financial Statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company enters into subscription revenue contracts to host customer-sponsored content on their platform and provide access to the Company s professional database of healthcare professionals for referral or marketing purposes for defined subscription periods. These contracts are in the form of (i) module-specific subscriptions, for which revenue recognition commences when the first content for the specific module is launched on the platform for the initial monthly period, and recognized over time as each subsequent content period is delivered and (ii) integrated subscriptions, for which revenue is recognized ratably over the subscription period commencing with the beginning of the subscription term. Management identifies and evaluates the relevant contractual terms in its higher value subscription revenue contracts contract terms and conditions based on its accounting policy in order to determine the pattern of revenue recognition. 
 Given the significance of the proper identification and evaluation of contract terms and conditions to the pattern of revenue recognition, performing audit procedures to evaluate whether management properly identified and evaluated the relevant contract terms and conditions that impact the pattern of revenue recognition required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort. 
 59 

Tabl e of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company's identification and evaluation of the contract terms and conditions within higher value subscription revenue contracts and the resulting impact on the pattern of revenue recognition included the following, among others: 
 We assessed management s significant accounting policies related to revenue recognition for compliance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over subscription contract revenue, including those over the identification and evaluation of contract terms and conditions and the resulting impact on revenue recognition. 
 We selected a sample of higher value subscription revenue contracts and performed the following: 
 Obtained and read the related contract documents and evaluated whether management had properly identified the contract terms and conditions. 
 Assessed management s evaluation of the impact of the contract terms and conditions on the pattern of revenue recognition. 
 Business Combinations Refer to Note 8 to the Financial Statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company completed the acquisition of AMiON on April 1, 2022 for total purchase consideration of 74.6 million, consisting of 53.5 million in cash and 21.1 million in fair value of contingent earn-out consideration. The Company accounted for the acquisition as a business combination. The purchase consideration was allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date, with the excess recorded to goodwill. This includes a customer relationships intangible asset of 27.2 million. The Company estimated the fair value of the customer relationships using the multiple period excess earnings method cost approach, which requires estimates of the direct cash flows expected to be generated from the existing customers acquired. 
 We identified the fair value of the acquired customer relationships intangible asset as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates used by management to value the asset. This required a high degree of auditor judgement and an increased extent of effort, including the involvement of our fair value specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of managements forecast of existing customer revenue and forecasted expenses and the selection of the discount rate. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to management s forecast of existing customer revenue, forecasted expenses, and the discount rate used in the valuation of the customer relationships intangible asset included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the valuation of the acquired intangible assets, including management s controls related to the forecasted existing customer revenue, future expenses, and discount rate. 
 We assessed the reasonableness of management s forecast of existing customer revenue and expenses by comparing the forecast to historical results, certain peer companies, and industry data. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the discount rate by: 
 Testing the source information underlying the determination of the discount rate and testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculation. 
 Developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rate selected by management. 
 /s/ 
 May 26, 2023 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015. 
 60 

Tabl e of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Doximity, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Doximity Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended March 31, 2023, of the Company and our report dated May 26, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP San Francisco, California May 26, 2023 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 As of March 31, 2023 2022 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Deferred contract costs, current Total current assets Property and equipment, net Deferred income tax assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Deferred revenue, current Operating lease liabilities, current Total current liabilities Deferred revenue, non-current Operating lease liabilities, non-current Contingent earn-out consideration liability, non-current Other liabilities, non-current Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) Stockholders Equity Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively; shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Class A and Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total operating expenses Income from operations Other income, net Income before income taxes Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) Net income Undistributed earnings attributable to participating securities Net income attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted Net income per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders: Basic Diluted Weighted-average shares used in computing net income per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands) 

 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Change in unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale-securities, net of tax benefit (provision) of ), , and , respectively 
 ) ) Comprehensive income 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 

 Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of March 31, 2020 
 ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock in exchange for services Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Common stock warrant expense Other comprehensive loss ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with an acquisition Net income Balance as of March 31, 2021 
 ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options Vesting of restricted stock units Tax withholding on shares under stock-based compensation awards ) ) Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Common stock warrant expense Other comprehensive loss ) ) Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock upon initial public offering ) ) Issuance of common stock upon initial public offering, net of offering costs Issuance of common stock in connection with the employee stock purchase plan Net income Balance as of March 31, 2022 
 ) 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Continued) 
 (in thousands) 

 Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of March 31, 2022 
 ) Stock-based compensation Exercise of stock options and common stock warrants Vesting of restricted stock units Tax withholding on shares under stock-based compensation awards ) ) Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Common stock warrant expense Issuance of common stock in connection with the employee stock purchase plan Other comprehensive income Net income Balance as of March 31, 2023 
 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 

 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) Stock-based compensation, net of amounts capitalized Non-cash lease expense Amortization of premium on marketable securities, net Loss on sale of marketable securities Amortization of deferred contract costs Gain on sale of business ) Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effect of acquisition: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Deferred contract costs ) ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Cash paid for acquisition, net of cash acquired ) ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Internal-use software development costs ) ) ) Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Maturities of marketable securities Sales of marketable securities Proceeds from sale of business Other ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon initial public offering after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options and common stock warrants Proceeds from issuance of common stock in connection with the employee stock purchase plan Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Payments of deferred offering costs ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 (in thousands) 

 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information Cash paid for taxes Non-cash financing and investing activities Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock to common stock Unpaid deferred offering costs Common stock issued in acquisition Capitalized stock-based compensation for internal-use software development costs Amounts held in escrow related to sale of business Fair value of contingent earn-out consideration included in purchase consideration Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities Repurchase included in accrued expenses 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 68 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 shares of its Class A common stock at per share, including shares issued upon the exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares. The Company received proceeds of million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions as well as deferred offering costs. In connection with the IPO, all shares of the Company s outstanding redeemable convertible preferred stock automatically converted into an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock on a -to-one basis. 
 Deferred offering costs, which consist of direct incremental legal, consulting, banking, and accounting fees relating to the Company s planned initial public offering, were capitalized. Upon the consummation of the IPO, million of deferred offering costs were offset against proceeds. 
 Stock Split 
 -for-1 forward split of the Company s issued and outstanding stock, including outstanding stock-based instruments and redeemable convertible preferred stock. The par value of the common and redeemable convertible preferred stock was not adjusted as a result of the stock split. As such, the Company has reclassified amounts from additional paid-in capital to common stock. All issued and outstanding shares of common stock, stock-based instruments, redeemable convertible preferred stock, and per-share amounts included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been adjusted to reflect this stock split for all periods presented. 
 
 2. 
 
 69 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

_______________ 
 Less than 10 
 For the purpose of assessing the concentration of credit risk for significant customers, the Company defines a customer as an entity that purchases the Company s services directly or indirectly through marketing agencies. 
 months or less. Customers are generally billed for a portion of the contract upon contract execution and then billed throughout the remainder of the contract based on various time-based milestones. Certain Marketing Solutions contracts are cancellable with a customary notice period. The Company does not refund prepayment fees invoiced and customers are responsible for prorated amounts to cover services that were provided but 
 70 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 months. Hiring Solutions contracts are noncancellable and customers are billed in annual, quarterly, or monthly installments in advance of the service period. 
 2) Identify the performance obligations in the contract 
 Performance obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the services that will be transferred to the customer that are both capable of being distinct, whereby the customer can benefit from the service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available, and are distinct in the context of the contract, whereby the transfer of the services is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. 
 Marketing Solutions customers may purchase a subscription for a specific module to be used over a defined period of time. These customers may purchase more than one module with either the same or different subscription periods. Modules are the core building blocks of the customers marketing plan and can be broadly categorized as Awareness, Interactivity, and Peer. As an example, the Company s Awareness modules may include a sponsored article, short animated videos or other short-form content that is presented to the targeted member. 
 Each module targets a consistent number of Doximity members per month for the duration of the subscription period. The Company treats each subscription to a specific module as a distinct performance obligation because each module is capable of being distinct as the customer can benefit from the subscription to each module on their own and each subscription can be sold standalone. Furthermore, the subscriptions to individual modules are distinct in the context of the contract as (1) the Company is not integrating the services with other services promised in the contract into a bundle of services that represent a combined output, (2) the subscriptions to specific modules do not significantly modify or customize the subscription to another module, and (3) the specific modules are not highly interdependent or highly interrelated. The subscription to each module is treated as a series of distinct performance obligations because it is distinct and substantially the same, satisfied over time, and has the same measure of progress. 
 Marketing Solutions customers may also purchase integrated subscriptions for a fixed subscription fee that are not tied to a single module but allow customers to utilize any combination of modules during the subscription period, subject to limits on the total number of modules launched in a given period of time, active at any given time, and members targeted. These represent stand-ready obligations in that the delivery of the underlying sponsored content is within the control of the customer and the extent of use in any given period does not diminish the remaining services. 
 Subscriptions to Hiring Solutions provide customers access to the platform to place targeted job postings and send a fixed number of monthly messages. Each subscription is treated as a series of distinct performance obligations that are satisfied over time. 
 3) Determine the transaction price 
 The transaction price is determined based on the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for transferring services to the customer. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price if, in the Company s judgment, it is probable that a significant future reversal of cumulative revenue recognized under the contract will not occur. 
 The Company may generate sales through the use of third-party media agencies that are authorized to enter into contracts on behalf of an end customer. The Company acts as the principal in these transactions since it maintains control prior to transferring the service to the customer and is primarily responsible for the fulfillment that occurs through the Company s platform. The Company records revenue for the amount to which it is entitled from the third-party media agencies as the Company does not know and expects not to know the price charged by the third-party media agencies to its customers. 
 Revenue is recognized net of any taxes collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental entities. 
 4) Allocate the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract 
 If the contract contains a single performance obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to the single performance obligation. Contracts that contain multiple performance obligations require an allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation based on a relative stand-alone selling price SSP ). The determination of a SSP for each distinct performance obligation requires judgment. The Company determines SSP for performance obligations based on overall pricing objectives, which take into consideration market conditions and customer-specific factors, including a review of internal discounting tables, the type of services being sold, and other factors. The estimate of SSP is based on historical sales of standalone services. The Company estimates the SSP for arrangements where standalone sales do not provide sufficient 
 71 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 72 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 months to months. Deferred compensation tied to new and expansion contracts for Hiring Solutions is amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected period of benefit of years, which is determined by the nature of the Company s technology and services, the rate at which the Company continually enhances and updates its technology, and its historical customer retention. The portion of deferred compensation expected to be recognized within one year of the balance sheet date is recorded as deferred contract costs, current, and the remaining portion is recorded as other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Amortization of deferred contract costs are included in cost of revenue and sales and marketing expense in the consolidated statements of operations. Sales compensation that is not considered incremental costs are expensed in the same period as they are earned. 
 73 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Company had no material bad debt write offs for the years ending March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 
 - years 
 Computers and software years Internal-use software development costs years Leasehold improvements Shorter of useful life or remaining lease term 

reporting unit and evaluates goodwill for impairment at the entity level. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge is recognized for the excess of the carrying value of the reporting unit over its fair value, limited to the amount of goodwill 
 74 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

75 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

76 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Advertising expense was million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 77 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

3. 
 Other Total revenue 
 Contract Balances 
 Additions, net, during the period Revenue recognized from the beginning balance ) ) Revenue recognized from contracts invoiced during the period ) ) Ending balance 
 Included in the additions, net, during the period was million of additions due to the AMiON acquisition which closed on April 1, 2022. See Note 8 Business Combinations for additional information. 
 The Company s unbilled revenue balances were million and million as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Deferred Contract Costs 
 million, million, and million of contract acquisition costs for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Amortization of deferred contract costs was million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Deferred contract costs are periodically analyzed for impairment. There were impairment losses relating to deferred contract costs during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 78 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 4. 
 Total cash equivalents Marketable securities: Asset-backed securities ) Certificates of deposit ) Commercial paper ) Corporate notes and bonds ) Sovereign bonds ) U.S. government and agency securities ) Total marketable securities ) Total cash equivalents and marketable securities ) 
 Due in one year to two years Asset-backed securities Total 
 Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because certain borrowers have the right to call or prepay certain obligations. 
 Money market funds Total cash equivalents Marketable securities: Asset-backed securities ) Commercial paper ) Corporate notes and bonds ) Sovereign bonds ) U.S. government and agency securities ) Total marketable securities ) Total cash equivalents and marketable securities ) 
 As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company has recognized accrued interest of million and million, respectively, which is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 79 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million and million as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As the Company does not intend to sell these securities and it is more likely than not that the Company will hold these securities until maturity or until the cost basis is recovered, the Company did t recognize any impairment on these securities as of March 31, 2023 and 2022. The Company did t recognize any credit losses related to the Company s debt securities during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. The fair value related to the debt securities with unrealized loss for which no credit losses were recognized was million and million as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

5. 
 Total cash equivalents Marketable securities: Asset-backed securities Certificates of deposit Commercial paper Corporate notes and bonds Sovereign bonds U.S. government and agency securities Total marketable securities Total cash equivalents and marketable securities Liabilities: Contingent earn-out consideration liability Total contingent earn-out consideration liability 
 As of March 31, 2022 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Cash equivalents: Commercial paper Money market funds Total cash equivalents Marketable securities: Asset-backed securities Commercial paper Corporate notes and bonds Sovereign bonds U.S. government and agency securities Total marketable securities Total cash equivalents and marketable securities 
 During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had no transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy. 
 80 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Additions in the period Change in fair value Ending fair value 
 The contingent earn-out consideration liability relates to the AMiON acquisition, which closed on April 1, 2022. The fair value of the liability is remeasured at each reporting date until the related contingency is resolved, with any changes to the fair value recognized as sales and marketing expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 To determine the fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration liability, the Company used the discounted cash flow method. The significant inputs used in the fair value measurement of the contingent earn-out consideration liability are the discount rate and the timing and amounts of the future payments, which are based upon estimates of future achievement of the performance metrics. As these inputs are not based on observable market data, they represent a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. Changes in the significant inputs used would significantly impact the fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration liability. 
 See Note 8 Business Combinations for additional discussion regarding the AMiON acquisition. 
 
 6. 
 Computers and software Leasehold improvements Internal-use software development costs Total property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense on property and equipment for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. Included in these amounts was amortization expense for internal-use software development costs of million, million and million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The amortization of the internal-use software development costs is included in cost of revenue in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 During the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, the Company capitalized million, million, and million, respectively, of internal-use software development costs, which are included in property and equipment, net on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 impairment was recognized on property and equipment during the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 
 81 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 7. 
 Accrued payroll, bonus, and related expenses Employee contributions under employee stock purchase plan Rebate liabilities Sales and other tax liabilities Current portion of contingent earn-out consideration liability Other Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

8. 
 million, consisting of million in cash and shares of common stock valued at million. The purchase consideration was allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date, with the excess recorded to goodwill as shown below. 
 Accounts receivable Other assets Customer relationships Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Net assets acquired, excluding goodwill Goodwill Total purchase consideration 
 Goodwill represents the future benefits as a result of the acquisition that will enhance the Company s product available to both new and existing customers and increase the Company s competitive position. Goodwill is deductible for income tax purposes. 
 The Company s acquisition-related costs were million and were recorded as general and administrative expense in the Company s consolidated statements of operations during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. 
 Intangible assets acquired are comprised of customer relationships with an estimated useful life of years. The fair value assigned to the customer relationship was determined primarily using the multiple period excess earnings method cost approach, which estimates the direct cash flows expected to be generated from the existing customers acquired. The results of operations of this business combination have been included in the Company s consolidated financial statements from the acquisition date. 
 In October 2020, the Company sold a portion of Curative Talent s business for total consideration of million, of which million has been received in cash and the remaining million was held in escrow, subject to standard representations 
 82 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million, consisting of million in cash and million in fair value of contingent earn-out consideration. 
 Under the definitive agreement for the AMiON acquisition, the Company will pay contingent earn-out consideration of up to million, of which million is a minimum guarantee and the remaining million is subject to the achievement of certain operational performance metrics over the next . The contingent earn-out consideration is payable in cash in annual installments over the next , with approximately million settled in the first quarter of fiscal 2024. The contingent earn-out consideration is classified as a liability, the short-term portion of which is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities and the long-term portion is in contingent earn-out consideration liability, non-current in the consolidated balance sheets. See Note 5 Fair Value Measurements for additional information regarding the valuation of the contingent earn-out consideration liability. 
 Additionally, in May 2022, RSUs with a grant date fair value of per share were granted to the eligible employees joining the Company in connection with the AMiON acquisition. The shares will vest on a quarterly basis over based on continued service. The aggregate grant date fair value of these RSUs is accounted for as post-acquisition stock-based compensation expense and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. 
 The AMiON acquisition was accounted for as a business combination. The purchase consideration was allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date, with the excess recorded to goodwill as shown below. 
 Customer relationships Developed technology Trademark Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Deferred revenue Other liabilities Net assets acquired, excluding goodwill Goodwill Total purchase consideration 
 Goodwill generated from the AMiON acquisition represents the future benefits from the development of future customer relationships and the assembled workforce. Goodwill from this business combination is deductible for income tax purposes. 
 Intangible assets acquired are comprised of customer relationships, trademarks, and developed technology with estimated useful lives of years, years, and months, respectively. The fair value assigned to the customer relationships was determined primarily using the multiple period excess earnings method cost approach, which estimates the direct cash flows expected to be generated from the existing customers acquired. The results of operations of this business combination have been included in the consolidated financial statements from the acquisition date. 
 The acquisition-related costs were not material and were recorded as general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Separate operating results and pro forma results of operations for AMiON have not been presented as the effect of this acquisition was not material to the Company s financial results. 
 83 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 9. 
 Other intangibles Total intangible assets Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Total intangible assets, net 
 Amortization expense for intangible assets was million, million and million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total future amortization expense 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill acquired Balance, end of period 
 There were no changes to the Company s goodwill balance of million during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. impairment charges on goodwill were recorded during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 
 10. 
 , were automatically converted into an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock on a -to-one basis. The carrying value of redeemable convertible preferred stock of million was reclassified into stockholders equity. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, there were shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

11. 
 shares of undesignated preferred stock with a par value of per share with rights 
 84 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 
 Common Stock and Creation of Dual-Class Structure 
 The Company has two classes of common stock authorized: Class A common stock and Class B common stock, and are collectively referred to as common stock throughout the notes to the consolidated financial statements, unless otherwise noted. On June 8, 2021, the Company s board of directors and stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation which authorized shares of Class A common stock with par value of and vote per share, and shares of Class B common stock with par value of and votes per share. The holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends, as may be declared by the board of directors. Each of the Company s shares of then-existing common stock outstanding was reclassified into Class B common stock. Each outstanding share of Class B common stock may be converted at any time at the option of the holder into share of Class A common stock. As of March 31, 2023, there were shares of Class A common stock, and shares of Class B common stock outstanding. 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 On May 12, 2022, the Company s board of directors authorized a program to repurchase up to million of the Company s Class A common stock. As of September 30, 2022, the Company repurchased and retired shares of Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase price of million, thereby completing this share repurchase program. 
 On October 28, 2022, the Company s board of directors authorized an additional program to repurchase up to million of the Company s Class A common stock. The repurchases may be executed from time to time over the next months, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. Immediately upon the repurchase of any shares of Class A common stock, such shares shall be retired by the Company and shall automatically return to the status of authorized but unissued shares of Class A common stock. As of March 31, 2023, the Company repurchased and retired shares of Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase price of million, and million remained available and authorized for repurchases under this program. 
 Common Stock Warrants 
 In March 2017, the Company issued a warrant to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share in connection with a contract signed between the Company and U.S. News World Report, L.P., or U.S. News. The warrant expires years from the date of grant. As of March 31, 2023, the warrant was fully vested. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, the warrant for shares were exercised with an intrinsic value of million. The remaining warrant for shares was outstanding as of March 31, 2023. 
 In October 2021, the Company issued a warrant to U.S. News (the U.S. News Warrant to purchase shares of Class A common stock with an exercise price of per share in connection with the execution of a commercial agreement with the U.S. News (the Commercial Agreement ). The U.S. News Warrant expires years from the date of grant. The first tranche of the U.S. News Warrant vested on May 1, 2022 and the remainder will vest on a monthly basis over approximately years. The grant-date fair value of the U.S. News Warrant was million, which was determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model on the date of grant using the following assumptions: fair value of common stock of , volatility of , risk-free interest rate of , contractual term of years, and an expected dividend of . The fair value of the warrant is recognized as expense in cost of revenue in the consolidated statements of operations on a straight-line basis over its vesting term of years. During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, million and million were recognized as stock-based compensation expense relating to the U.S. News Warrant, respectively. As of March 31, 2023, unamortized compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to the unvested warrants was million, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining vesting period of years. 
 Equity Incentive Plans 
 2010 Equity Incentive Plan 
 In April 2010, the Company s board of directors and stockholders approved the adoption of the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2010 Plan ). The 2010 Plan provides for the granting of incentive stock options, nonstatutory stock options, restricted stock units, and restricted stock awards to employees, non-employee directors, and consultants of the Company. Options may 
 85 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 of the fair market value at date of grant. If the incentive stock option is granted to a stockholder, then the purchase or exercise price per share shall not be less than of the fair market value per share of common stock on the grant date. Options granted under the 2010 Plan continue to vest until the last day of employment and generally vest over and expire years from the date of grant. Stock awards may also be granted for services performed by external consultants and vest according to an award-specific schedule as approved by the board of directors. 
 2021 Stock Option and Incentive Plan 
 In June 2021, the Company s board of directors approved the adoption of the 2021 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ), which became effective upon the Company s initial public offering and supersedes the 2010 Plan. The 2010 Plan continues to govern the terms of outstanding awards that were granted under the 2010 Plan. The 2021 Plan provides for the granting of incentive stock options, nonstatutory stock options, restricted stock units, and restricted stock awards to employees, non-employee directors, and consultants of the Company. A total of shares of Class A common stock was initially reserved for the 2021 Plan. The number of shares reserved and available for issuance for the 2021 Plan will automatically increase each April 1, beginning on April 1, 2022, by the lesser of of the outstanding number of shares of the Class A and Class B common stock on the immediately preceding March 31, or such lesser number of shares as determined by the Company s compensation committee. Any shares of Class B common stock that would have otherwise been returned to the Company s 2010 Plan as a result of forfeiture, expiration, cancellation, termination or net issuances of awards thereunder shall be returned to the share reserve under the 2021 Plan after being automatically converted from shares of Class B common stock to Class A common stock. The 2010 Plan and the 2021 Plan are collectively referred to as the Plans in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, unless otherwise noted. 
 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The Company s board of directors approved the adoption of the ESPP, which became effective upon the Company s initial public offering. A total of shares of Class A common stock was initially reserved for the ESPP. The number of shares reserved and available for issuance for the ESPP will automatically increase each April 1, beginning on April 1, 2022 and continuing through April 1, 2031, by the lesser of shares of Class A common stock, of the outstanding number of shares of the Class A and Class B common stock on the immediately preceding March 31, or such lesser number of shares as determined by the Company s compensation committee. 
 The Company granted stock options under the terms of the Plans and outside of the Plans, as approved by the board of directors. During fiscal 2018, the Company granted options outside of the Plans, of which options were exercised and were outstanding as of March 31, 2023. 
 2010 Plan Options outstanding 2021 Plan 
 Awards outstanding 
 Shares available for future grant 2021 ESPP Options outstanding outside the Plans Total 
 86 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 with service-based, performance-based, and/or market-based conditions and expire from the date of grant. 
 Options exercised ) Options forfeited or expired ) Balance, March 31, 2023 Vested and exercisable as of March 31, 2023 Vested and expected to vest as of March 31, 2023 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million respectively. 
 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 was and respectively. The Company has not granted any stock options since the first quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 As of March 31, 2023, unamortized stock-based compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested stock options was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 - 
 - 
 Volatility - 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 Expected term (in years) - 
 - 
 Expected dividend 
 Performance-Based and/or Market-Based Options 
 In March 2018, the board of directors of the Company granted options to the Chief Executive Officer with an exercise price of per share under the 2010 Plan (the 2018 CEO Grant with a liquidity-event performance-based vesting condition based on the occurrence of a qualifying liquidity event, including an IPO, as well as stock price target after the consummation of the IPO. In September 2020, the 2018 CEO Grant was modified to extend the stock price target achievement cutoff date. The fair value of the 2018 CEO Grant was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation approach on the modification date. The achievement of the qualifying event was not considered to be probable prior to the Company s IPO. Upon the Company's IPO, the liquidity-event performance-based condition was met. During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, million and million was recognized as stock-based compensation expense relating to the 2018 CEO Grant. As of March 31, 2023, this option was fully vested. 
 As of March 31, 2022, the Company had unvested options with performance-based and service-based vesting conditions. The performance conditions are satisfied upon meeting certain financial performance targets. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, options vested and options were forfeited. There were unvested options remaining as of March 31, 2023. The stock-based compensation expense related to these performance options was million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 and was for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2021. There is remaining unrecognized compensation expense as of March 31, 2023. 
 87 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 based on continued service. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested balance, March 31, 2023 
 The total fair value of RSUs vested during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 was million and million, respectively. No RSUs were granted before fiscal 2022. 
 As of March 31, 2023, unamortized stock-based compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested RSUs was million, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units PSUs 
 The PSUs have service-based and performance-based vesting conditions that are satisfied upon meeting certain financial performance targets. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested balance, March 31, 2023 
 The total fair value of PSUs vested during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 million. PSUs vested during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 and no PSUs were granted before fiscal 2022. 
 As of March 31, 2023, unamortized stock-based compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested PSUs that are probable of vesting was million, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 88 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 12. 
 Less: undistributed earnings attributable to participating securities Net income attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted 
 Denominator 
 Weighted-average shares used in computing net income per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic 
 Dilutive effect of stock options Dilutive effect of common stock warrants Dilutive effect of other share-based awards Weighted-average shares used in computing net income per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, diluted 
 Net income per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders: 
 Basic Diluted 
 Other share-based awards Common stock warrants Total 
 89 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 13. 
 State Total Deferred provision (benefit): Federal ) State ) Total ) Total provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) 
 State income taxes, net of federal benefit Research and development credits ) ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance Section 162(m) limitation Other Total provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) 
 90 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Net operating loss carryforwards Research development credit carryforwards Operating lease liabilities Acquisition and other related expense Stock-based compensation expense Unrealized loss Capitalized research and development Gross deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Property and equipment ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 The Company maintains a valuation allowance related to specific net deferred tax assets where it is not more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized, which include California research and development credits, California alternative minimum tax credits, and capital loss carryforwards. The Company concluded, based upon the preponderance of positive evidence (i.e., a strong earnings history exclusive of the loss that created the future deductible amount, a history of taxable income in recent periods, the taxable loss is a result of excess tax benefit on stock exercises as a result of a non-recurring event (IPO), and the current forecast of income before taxes for the United States going forward) over negative evidence and the anticipated ability to use the deferred tax assets, that it was more likely than not that the deferred tax assets could be realized. If there are unfavorable changes to actual operating results or to projections of future income, the Company may determine that it is more likely than not such deferred tax assets may not be realizable. 
 The valuation allowance was million and million as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, relating to the California research and development tax credits, California alternative minimum tax credits, and capital loss carryforwards. The valuation allowance increased by million during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 primarily due to capital loss carryforwards. The valuation allowance increased by million during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 primarily due to the increase in California research and development credits generated during the year. 
 As of March 31, 2023, the Company had net operating loss, or NOL, carryforwards for state tax purposes of million and NOL carryforwards for federal tax purposes. Portions of the NOL carryforwards will expire at various dates beginning in the tax year ending March 31, 2035. As of March 31, 2023, the Company had research and development tax credit carryforwards for federal and state tax purposes of million and million, respectively. The federal research and development tax credit carryforwards will expire beginning in the year ending March 31, 2042. The California state research and development tax credit carryforwards do not expire. The other state research and development tax credit carryforwards will expire at various dates beginning in the year ending March 31, 2032. Based on an assessment of the Company s historical ownership changes through March 31, 2023, the Company does not anticipate a current limitation on the tax attributes. 
 As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits, or UTBs, of million and million, respectively. If realized, million would impact the effective tax rate while the remainder would reduce deferred tax assets subject to a full valuation allowance. The Company does not expect any material changes to its UTBs within the next 12 months. 
 91 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Additions for tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions related to prior years Reductions for tax positions related to prior years ) Reductions related to a lapse of statute ) ) Ending balance 
 Interest and penalties were not material during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal and various state jurisdictions. With limited exceptions, all tax years for which the Company has filed a tax return remain subject to examination. 

14. 
 . This agreement can be terminated after by either party. Under this amended agreement, the Company pays the U.S. News a portion of the revenue generated with the end customers, subject to annual minimum guarantees. As of March 31, 2023, the remaining annual minimum guarantees ranged from million to million, and the total minimum guarantee for the remaining noncancelable periods was million, of which million is expected to be paid within year. 
 Other Contractual Commitments 
 The Company has a web hosting arrangement for years ending December 31, 2024, with an annual commitment of million. As of March 31, 2023, the total remaining commitment was million. 
 Indemnification 
 The Company enters into indemnification provisions under agreements with other companies in the ordinary course of business, including, but not limited to, clients, business partners, landlords, and other parties involved in the performance of the Company s services. Pursuant to these arrangements, the Company has agreed to indemnify, hold harmless, and reimburse the indemnified party for certain losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party as a result of the Company s activities. The terms of these indemnification agreements are generally perpetual. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these agreements is not determinable. The Company has not incurred material costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnification agreements. The Company maintains commercial general liability insurance and product liability insurance that may offset certain of its potential liabilities under these indemnification provisions. 
 In addition, the Company has agreed to indemnify its officers and directors and certain key employees while they are serving in good faith in their respective capacities. To date, there have been no material claims under these indemnification provisions. 
 Legal Matters 
 From time to time, the Company has become involved in claims and other legal matters arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company investigates these claims as they arise. Although claims are inherently unpredictable, the Company is currently not aware of any matters that, if determined adversely to the Company, would individually or taken together have a material effect on its results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. loss contingencies were recorded for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 
 92 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 15. 
 -year term commenced and a related right-of-use asset and lease liability of million was recognized. 
 Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows (in thousands): 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Cash paid for amounts included in measurement of lease liabilities Operating cash flows 
 Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) Weighted-average discount rate 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total future lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 16. 
 Realized loss on sale of marketable securities ) ) Realized gain on sale of business Other expense ) ) ) Other income, net 
 
 93 

Table of Conte nts 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 17. 
 million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Both employee contributions and the Company s matching contributions are fully vested upon contribution. 

18. 
 operating and reportable segment. 
 Substantially all of the Company s long-lived assets were based in the United States as of March 31, 2023 and 2022. No country outside of the United States accounted for more than 10 of total revenue for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. Substantially all of the Company s revenue was derived in the United States for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 
 94 

Table of Cont e nts 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognizes that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended March 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023 based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of March 31, 2023. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 The Company will hold its Annual Meeting of Stockholders for fiscal year 2023 on July 26, 2023 at 9 a.m. Pacific Time. The Annual Meeting of Stockholders will be held virtually via a live audio-only webcast accessible at http://www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DOCS2023 for all stockholders of record at the close of business on June 1, 2023, the record date. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 95 

T able of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after March 31, 2023. 
 We have adopted a Code of Conduct, which applies to all employees, including our principal executive officers, our principal financial officer, and all other executive officers. The Code of Conduct is available on our investor relations website at investors.doximity.com/governance. We plan to post any future amendments or waivers of our Code of Conduct on our website. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after March 31, 2023. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after March 31, 2023. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after March 31, 2023. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after March 31, 2023. 

96 

T able of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Title Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. 
 S-1/A 333-256584 3.2 June 15, 2021 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. 
 S-1/A 333-256584 3.4 June 15, 2021 4.1 Form of Class A common stock certificate of the Registrant. 
 S-1 333-256584 4.1 May 28, 2021 4.2 Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated April 10, 2014, by and among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders. 
 S-1 333-256584 4.2 May 28, 2021 4.3 Description of Securities. 
 10-K 001-40508 4.3 May 27, 2022 4.4 Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock issued to U.S. News World Report, L.P., dated March 10, 2017. 
 S-1 333-256584 4.3 May 28, 2021 4.5 Warrant to Purchase Shares of Class A Common Stock issued to U.S. News World Report, L.P., dated June 14, 2021. 
 10-Q 001-40508 4.2 August 12, 2021 4.6 Amendment to Warrant to Purchase Shares of Class A Common Stock issued to U.S. News World Report, L.P., dated September 2, 2021. 
 10-Q 001-40508 4.3 November 10, 2021 4.7 Second Amendment to Warrant to Purchase Shares of Class A Common Stock issued to U.S. News World Report, L.P., dated October 8, 2021. 
 10-Q 001-40508 4.4 November 10, 2021 10.1 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and each of its directors and executive officers. 
 S-1/A 333-256584 10.1 June 15, 2021 10.2# 2010 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and forms of agreements thereunder. 
 S-1/A 333-256584 10.2 June 15, 2021 10.3# 2021 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, and forms of agreements thereunder. 
 10-K 001-40508 10.3 May 27, 2022 10.4# 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 S-1/A 333-256584 10.4 June 15, 2021 10.5# Senior Executive Cash Incentive Bonus Plan. 
 S-1/A 333-256584 10.5 June 15, 2021 10.6# Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy. 
 S-1/A 333-256584 10.6 June 15, 2021 10.7# Craig Overpeck Offer Letter 
 Filed herewith 19.1 Insider Trading Policy 
 Filed herewith 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 Filed herewith 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 
 Filed herewith 24.1 Power of Attorney (incorporated by reference to the Signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 
 Filed herewith 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Filed herewith 
 97 

T able of Contents 

 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Filed herewith 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Furnished herewith 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Furnished herewith 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. Filed herewith 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document Filed herewith 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Filed herewith 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith 
 __________________ 
 The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K are deemed furnished and not filed with the SEC and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 # Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or agreement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 98 

T able of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 DOXIMITY, INC. Date: May 26, 2023 
 By: /s/ Jeffrey Tangney 
 Jeffrey Tangney 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date: May 26, 2023 
 By: /s/ Anna Bryson 
 Anna Bryson 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

99 

T able of Contents 

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Anna Bryson and Jennifer Chaloemtiarana, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done in connection therewith and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their, his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature 
 Title 
 Date 
 /s/ Jeffrey Tangney Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 May 26, 2023 Jeffrey Tangney 
 /s/ Anna Bryson Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 May 26, 2023 Anna Bryson 
 /s/ Regina Benjamin Director May 26, 2023 Regina Benjamin 
 /s/ Tim Cabral Director May 26, 2023 Tim Cabral 
 /s/ Phoebe Yang Director May 26, 2023 Phoebe Yang 
 /s/ Kevin Spain Director May 26, 2023 Kevin Spain 
 /s/ Kira Wampler Director May 26, 2023 Kira Wampler 
 
 100 

<EX-10.7>
 2
 ex-107xcraigoverpeckofferl.htm
 EX-10.7

Document 

Exhibit 10.7 
 April 27, 2023 
 Craig Overpeck 
 Dear Craig, 
 We are excited to offer you a spot on our growing team at Doximity. Here are the details you likely care about most 
 
 Title SVP, Commercial Operations 
 Start Date May 16, 2023 
 Annual Salary 300,000 
 Equity Grants 4M 4yr RSU, vests qtrly, no cliff 
 4M 4yr PSU, vests annually based on to (stretch) goal 
 Benefits Health insurance, 401k, Discretionary Time Off & more 
 The equity grants in this offer letter will be granted upon your conversion from consultant to employee and will replace all previously issued grants. For the avoidance of doubt, the Services Agreement between you and Doximity dated as of November 18, 2022, and the equity grants associated therewith (except for the first vest tranche of May 15, 2023), will be terminated and of no further force or effect (except for those terms that survive as set forth in the Services Agreement) on your start date. 
 Some less exciting, but equally important components of this offer 
 This offer is contingent upon clearance of background and or reference checks. 
 We expect you can legally work in the United States and will need documentation proving so within 3 business days of hire. 
 If you have not already done so, please disclose agreements relating to prior employment that may affect your role or eligibility to be employed within Doximity. 
 As a condition of employment, you are required to sign and comply with an At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment and Arbitration Agreement (also known as PIIA), attached. If you have questions, please reach out to us. 
 To accept our offer, please sign and date this letter, along with the PIIA. The two documents set forth the terms of your employment and supersede any prior representations made during the interview process. 
 We look forward to working with you! 

Sincerely , 
 
 DOXIMITY s Jeffrey Tangney 
 Signature Jeff Tangney Name CEO Title 

s Craig Overpeck 
 Signature Craig Overpeck Name SVP, Commercial Ops Title 

Enclosures 
 At-Will Employment , Confidential Information , Invention Assignment, and Arbitration Agreement 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-19.1>
 3
 exhibit191-insidertradingp.htm
 EX-19.1

Document 

Exhibit 19.1 
 
 DOXIMITY, INC. 
 INSIDER TRADING POLICY 
 
 This memorandum sets forth the policy of Doximity, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company regarding trading in the Company s securities as described below and the disclosure of information concerning the Company. This Insider Trading Policy (the Insider Trading Policy is designed to prevent insider trading or the appearance of impropriety, to satisfy the Company s obligation to reasonably supervise the activities of Company personnel, and to help Company personnel avoid the severe consequences associated with violations of insider trading laws. It is your obligation to understand and comply with this Insider Trading Policy. 
 
 PART I. OVERVIEW 
 
 A. To Whom Does this Insider Trading Policy Apply 
 
 This Insider Trading Policy is applicable to the Company s directors, officers, employees and consultants and applies to any and all transactions by such persons and their Affiliated Persons (as defined below) in the Company s securities, including its common stock, options to purchase common stock, any other type of securities that the Company may issue (such as preferred stock, convertible debentures, warrants, exchange-traded options or other derivative securities), and any derivative securities that provide the economic equivalent of ownership of any of the Company s securities or an opportunity, direct or indirect, to profit from any change in the value of the Company s securities. 
 
 In addition, all directors, designated officers, employees and consultants must comply with the Trading Procedures set forth in Part II of this Insider Trading Policy (the Trading Procedures (collectively, and solely for the purposes of this Insider Trading Policy, these persons are referred to as Insiders provided that, except as otherwise indicated, the pre-clearance procedures set forth in Part II, Section B herein only apply to Access Persons (as defined below). Generally, the Trading Procedures establish trading windows outside of which the persons covered by the Trading Procedures will be restricted from trading in the Company s securities. 
 
 This Insider Trading Policy, including, if applicable, the Trading Procedures contained herein, also applies to the following persons (collectively, these persons and entities are referred to as Affiliated Persons 
 
 your spouse or domestic partner, children, stepchildren, grandchildren, parents, stepparents, grandparents, siblings and in-laws who reside in the same household as you 
 your children or your spouse s children who do not reside in the same household as you but are financially dependent on you 
 any of your other family members who do not reside in your household but whose transactions are directed by you 
 any other individual over whose account you have control and to whose financial support you materially contribute. (Materially contributing to financial support would include, for example, paying an individual s rent but not just a phone bill) 
 all trusts, family partnerships and other types of entities formed for your benefit or for the benefit of a member of your family and over which you have the ability to influence or direct investment decisions concerning securities 
 all persons who execute trades on your behalf and 
 all investment funds, trusts, retirement plans, partnerships, corporations and other types of entities over which you have the ability to influence or direct investment decisions concerning securities provided, however, that the Trading Procedures do not apply to any such entity that engages in the investment of securities in the ordinary course of its business (e.g., an investment fund or partnership) if such entity has established its own insider trading controls and procedures in compliance with applicable securities laws and it (or an affiliated entity) has represented to the Company that such Insider s affiliated entities (a) engage in the investment of securities in the ordinary course of their respective businesses (b) have established insider trading controls and procedures in compliance with applicable securities laws and (c) are aware such securities laws prohibit any person or entity who has material, nonpublic information concerning the Company from purchasing or selling securities of the Company or from communicating such information to any other person under circumstances in which it is reasonably foreseeable that such person is likely to purchase or sell securities. 
 
 You are responsible for ensuring compliance with this Insider Trading Policy, including the Trading Procedures contained herein, by all of your Affiliated Persons. 

In the event that you leave the Company for any reason, this Insider Trading Policy, including, if applicable, the Trading Procedures contained herein, will continue to apply to you and your Affiliated Persons until the later of (1) the second trading day following the public release of earnings for the fiscal quarter in which you leave the Company or (2) the second trading day after any material nonpublic information known to you has become public or is no longer material. 
 
 B. What is Prohibited by this Insider Trading Policy 
 
 It is generally illegal for you to trade in the securities of the Company, whether for your account or for the account of another, while in the possession of material, nonpublic information about the Company. It is also generally illegal for you to disclose material, nonpublic information about the Company to others who may trade on the basis of that information. These illegal activities are commonly referred to as insider trading . 
 
 Prohibition on Trading in Company Securities 
 
 When you know or are in possession of material, nonpublic information about the Company, whether positive or negative, you are prohibited from the following activities 
 
 trading (whether for your account of for the account of another) in the Company s securities, which includes common stock, options to purchase common stock, any other type of securities that the Company may issue (such as preferred stock, convertible debentures, warrants, exchange-traded options or other derivative securities), and any derivative securities that provide the economic equivalent of ownership of any of the Company s securities or an opportunity, direct or indirect, to profit from any change in the value of the Company s securities, except for trades made in compliance with the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, such as when trades are made pursuant to a pre-approved written plan that was adopted, or trading instructions that were given, before you knew or had possession of such material, nonpublic information and certain other conditions are satisfied 
 giving trading advice of any kind about the Company and 
 disclosing such material, nonpublic information about the Company, whether positive or negative, to anyone else (commonly known as tipping ). 
 This Insider Trading Policy does not apply to (1) an exercise of an employee stock option when payment of the exercise price is made in cash or (2) the withholding by the Company of shares of stock upon vesting of restricted stock or upon settlement of restricted stock units to satisfy applicable tax withholding requirements if (a) such withholding is required by the applicable plan or award agreement or (b) the election to exercise such tax withholding right was made by the Insider in compliance with the Trading Procedures or (3) sales of shares of stock in connection with the vesting of restricted stock or upon settlement of restricted stock units solely to satisfy applicable tax withholding requirements. 
 
 The policy does apply, however, to the use of outstanding Company securities to pay part or all of the exercise price of an option, any sale of stock as part of a broker-assisted cashless exercise of an option or any other market sale for the purpose of generating the cash needed to pay the exercise price of an option. 
 
 These prohibitions continue whenever and for as long as you know or are in possession of material, nonpublic information. Remember, anyone scrutinizing your transactions will be doing so after the fact, with the benefit of hindsight. As a practical matter, before engaging in any transaction, you should carefully consider how enforcement authorities and others might view the transaction in hindsight. 
 Prohibition on Tipping 
 
 Providing material nonpublic information about the Company to another person who may trade or advise others to trade on the basis of that information is known as tipping and is illegal. You are prohibited from providing material nonpublic information about the Company to a friend, relative, or anyone else who might buy or sell a security or other financial instrument on the basis of that information, whether or not you intend to or actually do realize a profit (or any other benefit) from such tipping. Additionally, you are prohibited from recommending to any person that such person engage in or refrain from engaging in any transaction involving the Company s securities, or otherwise give trading advice concerning the Company s securities, if you are in possession of material nonpublic information about the Company. 
 
 C. What is Material, Nonpublic Information 

This Insider Trading Policy prohibits you from trading in the Company s securities if you are in possession of information about the Company that is both material and nonpublic . If you have a question whether certain information you are aware of is material or has been made public, you are encouraged to consult with the Compliance Officer. The Compliance Officer shall be the Company s then-serving General Counsel. 
 
 Material Information 
 Information about the Company is material if it could reasonably be expected to affect the investment or voting decisions of a stockholder or investor, or if the disclosure of the information could reasonably be expected to significantly alter the total mix of information in the marketplace about the Company. In simple terms, material information is any type of information that could reasonably be expected to affect the market price of the Company s securities. Both positive and negative information may be material. While it is not possible to identify all information that would be deemed material, the following items are types of information that should be considered carefully to determine whether they are material 
 
 projections of future earnings or losses, or other earnings guidance 
 earnings or revenue that are inconsistent with the consensus expectations of the investment community 
 potential restatements of the Company s financial statements, changes in auditors or auditor notification that the Company may no longer rely on an auditor s audit report 
 pending or proposed corporate mergers, acquisitions, tender offers, joint ventures or dispositions of significant assets 
 changes in management or the Board of Directors 
 significant actual or threatened litigation or governmental investigations or major developments in such matters 
 a cybersecurity or data privacy incident 
 significant developments regarding products, customers, suppliers, orders, contracts or financing sources (e.g., the acquisition or loss of a contract) 
 changes in dividend policy, declarations of stock splits, or public or private sales of additional securities 
 potential defaults under the Company s credit agreements or indentures, or the existence of material liquidity deficiencies and 
 bankruptcies or receiverships. 
 By including the list above, the Company does not mean to imply that each of these items above is per se material. The information and events on this list still require determinations as to their materiality (although some determinations will be reached more easily than others). For example, some new products or contracts may clearly be material to an issuer yet that does not mean that all product developments or contracts will be material. This demonstrates, in our view, why no bright-line standard or list of items can adequately address the range of situations that may arise. Furthermore, the Company cannot create an exclusive list of events and information that have a higher probability of being considered material. 
 
 The Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC has stated that there is no fixed quantitative threshold amount for determining materiality, and that even very small quantitative changes can be qualitatively material if they would result in a movement in the price of the Company s securities. 
 
 Nonpublic Information 
 
 Material information is nonpublic if it has not been disseminated in a manner making it available to investors generally. To show that information is public, it is necessary to point to some fact that establishes that the information has become publicly available, such as the filing of a report with the SEC, the distribution of a press release through a widely disseminated news or wire service, or by other means that are reasonably designed to provide broad public access. Before a person who possesses material, nonpublic information can trade, there also must be adequate time for the market as a whole to absorb the information that has been disclosed. For the purposes of this Insider Trading Policy, information will be considered public upon the opening of trading on the third full trading day following the Company s public release of the information. For that purpose, a full day of trading means a session of regular trading hours on the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market between 9 30 a.m. and 4 00 p.m. Eastern Time (or such earlier closing time as has been set by exchange rules) has occurred. 
 
 For example, if the Company announces material nonpublic information of which you are aware before trading begins on a Tuesday, the first time you can buy or sell Company securities is the opening of the market on Thursday, if each intervening day was a day that the stock exchanges were open for trading. However, if the 

Company announces this material information after trading begins on that Tuesday, the first time that you can buy or sell Company securities is the opening of the market on Friday, if each intervening day was a day that the stock exchanges were open for trading. 
 
 D. What are the Penalties for Insider Trading and Noncompliance with this Insider Trading Policy 
 
 Both the SEC and the national securities exchanges, through the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ), investigate and are very effective at detecting insider trading. The SEC, together with the U.S. Attorneys, pursue insider trading violations vigorously. For instance, cases have been successfully prosecuted against trading by employees in foreign accounts, trading by family members and friends, and trading involving only a small number of shares. 
 
 The penalties for violating insider trading or tipping rules can be severe and include 
 
 disgorgement of the profit gained or loss avoided by the trading 
 payment of the loss suffered by the persons who, contemporaneously with the purchase or sale of securities that are subject of such violation, have purchased or sold, as applicable, securities of the same class 
 payment of criminal penalties of up to 5,000,000 
 payment of civil penalties of up to three times the profit made or loss avoided and 
 imprisonment for up to 20 years. 
 
 The Company and or the supervisors of the person engaged in insider trading may also be required to pay civil penalties or fines of 2 million or more, up to three times the profit made or loss avoided, as well as criminal penalties of up to 25,000,000, and could under certain circumstances be subject to private lawsuits. 
 
 Violation of this Insider Trading Policy or any federal or state insider trading laws may subject the person violating such policy or laws to disciplinary action by the Company up to and including termination. The Company reserves the right to determine, in its own discretion and on the basis of the information available to it, whether this Insider Trading Policy has been violated. The Company may determine that specific conduct violates this Insider Trading Policy, whether or not the conduct also violates the law. It is not necessary for the Company to await the filing or conclusion of a civil or criminal action against the alleged violator before taking disciplinary action. 
 
 E. How Do You Report a Violation of this Insider Trading Policy 
 
 If you have a question about this Insider Trading Policy, including whether certain information you are aware of is material or has been made public, you are encouraged to consult with the Compliance Officer. In addition, if you violate this Insider Trading Policy or any federal or state laws governing insider trading, or know of any such violation by any director, officer or employee of the Company, you should report the violation immediately to the Compliance Officer. 
 
 PART II. TRADING PROCEDURES 
 
 A. Special Trading Restrictions Applicable to Insiders 
 
 In addition to the restrictions on trading in Company securities set forth above, Insiders and their Affiliated Persons are subject to the following special trading restrictions 
 
 1. No Trading Except During Trading Windows. 
 
 The announcement of the Company s quarterly financial results almost always has the potential to have a material effect on the market for the Company s securities. Although an Insider may not know the financial results prior to public announcement, if an Insider engages in a trade before the financial results are disclosed to the public, such trades may give an appearance of impropriety that could subject the Insider and the Company to a charge of insider trading. Therefore, subject to limited exceptions described herein, Insiders may trade in Company securities only during four quarterly trading windows and then only after obtaining pre-clearance from the Compliance Officer in accordance with the procedures set forth below. Unless otherwise advised, the four trading windows consist of the periods that begin after market open on the third full trading day following the Company s issuance of a press release (or other method of broad public dissemination) announcing its quarterly or annual earnings and end at the close of business on the last trading day of the second month of the then-current quarter, so long as the trading window is always at least five trading days in length. Insiders may be allowed to trade outside of a trading window 

only (a) pursuant to a pre-approved Rule 10b5-1 Plan as described below or (b) in accordance with the procedure for waivers as described below. 
 
 By way of example only, if the Company s issuance of a press release announcing its quarterly earnings occurred on Tuesday, February 8, the trading window would open on Friday, February 11 (the third full trading day) and close on Monday, February 28 (the last trading day of the second month of the quarter). See the graphic as an example, wherein the green shaded area would be the open window. 

2. Special Closed Trading Periods. 
 
 The Compliance Officer may designate, from time to time, a Special Closed Window during what would be a permitted trading window. During a Special Closed Window, designated Insiders (which could be all Insiders or a subset of them) may not trade in the Company s securities. The Compliance Officer may also impose a Special Closed Window on Insiders or a subset of them to prohibit trading in the securities of other companies, including specified peers or competitors of the Company. The imposition of a Special Closed Window will not be announced to the Company generally, should not be communicated to any other person, and may itself be considered under this Insider Trading Policy to be material nonpublic information about the Company. 
 
 3. Prohibited Transactions. 
 
 No Short Sales . No Insider may at any time sell any securities of the Company that are not owned by such Insider at the time of the sale (a short sale ). 
 No Purchases or Sales of Derivative Securities or Hedging Transactions . No Insider may buy or sell puts, calls, other derivative securities of the Company or any derivative securities that provide the economic equivalent of ownership of any of the Company s securities or an opportunity, direct or indirect, to profit from any change in the value of the Company s securities or engage in any other hedging transaction with respect to the Company s securities, at any time. 
 No Company Securities Subject to Margin Calls . No Insider may use the Company s securities as collateral in a margin account. 
 No Pledges . No Insider may pledge Company securities as collateral for a loan (or modify an existing pledge). 
 
 4. Gifts. 
 
 No Insider may give or make any other transfer of Company securities without consideration (e.g., a gift) during a period when the Insider is not permitted to trade unless the donee agrees not to sell the shares until such time as the Insider can sell. 
 
 B. Pre-Clearance Procedures 
 
 All directors and officers designated as officers subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as designated by the board of directors of the Company (the Section 16 Officers and certain designated employees, consultants, contractors and other service providers of the Company and its subsidiaries as set forth in Exhibit A, who in the ordinary course of the performance of their duties have access to material, nonpublic information regarding the Company are Access Persons. You will be notified if you are an Access Person. 
 
 Access Persons may only trade in Company securities if the trade has been approved by the Compliance Officer in accordance with the procedures set forth below. The Compliance Officer will review and either approve or prohibit all proposed trades by Insiders in accordance with the procedures set forth below. The Compliance 

Officer may consult with the Company s other officers and or outside legal counsel and will receive approval for his her their own trades from the Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 1. Procedures. No Access Person may trade in Company securities until 
 
 The Access Person has notified the Compliance Officer of the amount and nature of the proposed trade(s) using a preclearance form developed by the Compliance Officer (the Preclearance Form ). In order to provide adequate time for the preparation of any required reports under Section 16 of the Exchange Act, a Preclearance Form should, if practicable, be received by the Compliance Officer no more than five (5) but no less than one (1) business days prior to the intended trade date 
 The Access Person has certified to the Compliance Officer in writing prior to the proposed trade(s) that the Access Person is not in possession of material, nonpublic information concerning the Company 
 If the Access Person is also a director or a Section 16 Officer, the Access Person has informed the Compliance Officer, using the Preclearance Form, whether, to the Access Person s best knowledge, the Access Person has (or is deemed to have) engaged in any opposite way transactions within the previous six months that were not exempt from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act 
 If the transaction involves a sale by an affiliate of the Company or of restricted securities (as such terms are defined under Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Rule 144 )), the Access Person has informed the Compliance Officer, using the Preclearance Form, whether the transaction meets all of the applicable conditions of Rule 144 and 
 The Compliance Officer or his, her or their designee has approved the trade(s) and has certified such approval in writing. Such certification may be made via digitally-signed electronic mail or other secure electronic means. 
 
 The Compliance Officer does not assume the responsibility for the consequences of prohibited insider trading. Compliance with insider trading remains an individual responsibility. 
 
 2. Additional Information 
 
 Access Persons shall provide to the Compliance Officer any documentation reasonably requested by him or her in furtherance of the foregoing procedures. Any failure to provide such requested information will be grounds for denial of approval by the Compliance Officer. 
 
 3. No Obligation to Approve Trades 
 
 The existence of the foregoing approval procedures does not in any way obligate the Compliance Officer to approve any trade requested by an Insider. The Compliance Officer may reject any trading request at his, her or their sole discretion. 
 
 From time to time, an event may occur that is material to the Company and is known by only a few directors or executives. Insiders may not trade in Company securities if they are notified by the Compliance Officer that a proposed trade has not been cleared because of the existence of a material, nonpublic development. Even if that particular Insider is not aware of the material, nonpublic development involving the Company, if any Insider engages in a trade before a material, nonpublic development is disclosed to the public or resolved, the Insider and the Company might be exposed to a charge of insider trading that could be costly and difficult to refute even if the Insider was unaware of the development. So long as the event remains material and nonpublic, the Compliance Officer may determine not to approve any transactions in the Company s securities. The Compliance Officer will subsequently notify the Insider once the material, nonpublic development is disclosed to the public or resolved. If an Insider requests clearance to trade in the Company s securities during the pendency of such an event, the Compliance Officer may reject the trading request without disclosing the reason. 
 
 4. Completion of Trades. 
 After receiving written clearance to engage in a trade signed by the Compliance Officer, an Insider must complete the proposed trade within five (5) business days or make a new trading request. Even if an Insider has received clearance, the Insider may not engage in a trade if (i) such clearance has been rescinded by the Compliance Officer, (ii) the Insider has otherwise received notice that the trading window has closed or (iii) the Insider has or acquires material nonpublic information. 
 
 5. Post-Trade Reporting. 

Any transactions in the Company s securities by a director or a Section 16 Officer (including any gifts and any transactions effected pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 Plan) must be reported to the Compliance Officer on the same day in which such a transaction occurs. Each report a Designated Person makes to the Compliance Officer should include the date of the transaction, quantity of shares, price and broker-dealer through which the transaction was effected. This reporting requirement may be satisfied by sending (or having such Designated Person s broker send) duplicate confirmations of trades to the Compliance Officer if such information is received by the Compliance Officer on or before the required date. Compliance with this provision is imperative given the requirement of Section 16 of the Exchange Act that these persons generally must report changes in ownership of Company securities within two (2) business days. The sanctions for noncompliance with this reporting deadline include mandatory disclosure in the Company s proxy statement for the next annual meeting of stockholders, as well as possible civil or criminal sanctions for chronic or egregious violators. 
 C. Exemptions 
 1. Pre-Approved Rule 10b5-1 Plan. 
 
 Transactions effected pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 Plan (as defined below) will not be subject to the Company s trading windows or pre-clearance procedures, and Insiders are not required to complete a Preclearance Form for such transactions. Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act provides an affirmative defense from insider trading liability under the federal securities laws for trading plans, arrangements or instructions that meet certain requirements. A trading plan, arrangement or instruction that meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 (a Rule 10b5-1 Plan enables Insiders to establish arrangements to trade in Company securities outside of the Company s trading windows, even when in possession of material, nonpublic information. 
 The Company has adopted a separate Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan Policy that sets forth the requirements for putting in place a Rule 10b5-1 Plan with respect to Company securities . 
 
 2. Employee Benefit Plans. 
 
 Exercise of Stock Options . The trading prohibitions and restrictions set forth in the Trading Procedures do not apply to the exercise of an option to purchase securities of the Company when payment of the exercise price is made in cash. However, the exercise of an option to purchase securities of the Company is subject to the current reporting requirements of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and, therefore, Insiders must comply with the post-trade reporting requirement described in Section C above for any such transaction. In addition, the securities acquired upon the exercise of an option to purchase Company securities are subject to all of the requirements of this Insider Trading Policy, including the Trading Procedures contained herein. Moreover, the Trading Procedures apply to the use of outstanding Company securities to pay part or all of the exercise price of an option, any net option exercise, any exercise of a stock appreciation right, share withholding, any sale of stock as part of a broker assisted cashless exercise of an option, or any other market sale for the purpose of generating the cash needed to pay the exercise price of an option. 
 
 Tax Withholding on Restricted Stock Units . The trading prohibitions and restrictions set forth in the Trading Procedures do not apply to the (i) withholding by the Company of shares of stock upon vesting of restricted stock or upon settlement of restricted stock units to satisfy applicable tax withholding requirements if (a) such withholding is required by the applicable plan or award agreement or (b) the election to exercise such tax withholding right was made by the Insider in compliance with the Trading Procedures or (ii) sale of shares of stock in connection with the vesting of restricted stock or upon settlement of restricted stock units solely to satisfy applicable tax withholding requirements. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan . The trading prohibitions and restrictions set forth in the Trading Procedures do not apply to (i) periodic wage withholding contributions by the Company or employees of the Company which are used to purchase the Company s securities pursuant to the employees advance instructions under the Company s 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan or (ii) elections or withdrawals with respect to participation in the Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan or to purchases of securities under such plan. Any sale of securities acquired under such plan is subject to the prohibitions and restrictions of the Trading Procedures. 
 
 D. Waivers 
 A waiver of any provision of this Insider Trading Policy, or the Trading Procedures contained herein, in a specific instance may be authorized in writing by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, and any such waiver shall be reported to the Company s Board of Directors. 

PART III. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
 
 This Insider Trading Policy will be delivered to all current Insiders and to all directors, officers, employees and consultants at the start of their employment or relationship with the Company, and acknowledged by the recipient in the manner proscribed by the Company. Such acknowledgment will constitute consent for the Company to impose sanctions for violation of the Insider Trading Policy, including the Trading Procedures, and to issue any necessary stop-transfer orders to the Company s transfer agent to ensure compliance. 
 An individual will be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed to comply with the Insider Trading Policy, as amended from time to time, when copies of such items have been made available to the recipients. 

Questions regarding this Insider Trading Policy are encouraged and may be directed to the Compliance Officer. 

EXHIBIT A ACCESS PERSONS 
 
 1. DIRECTORS 
 All serving members of the board of directors of the Company at any time 
 2. OFFICERS (including officers who are also directors) 
 Title 
 All Section 16 Officers as identified from time to time 
 3. OTHER ACCESS PERSONS 
 As designated by the Compliance Officer from time to time 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 exhibit211-listofsubsidiar.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF DOXIMITY 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Curative Talent, LLC Delaware, U.S. Amion, LLC Delaware, U.S. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 exhibit231-consentfy23.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-257332, 333-257333, 333-258776, and 333- 265300 on Form S-8 of our reports dated May 26, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Doximity, Inc. and the effectiveness of Doximity, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 San Francisco, California 
 May 26, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 exhibit31133123.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Jeffrey Tangney, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Doximity, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date May 26, 2023 By s Jeffrey Tangney 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 exhibit31233123.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Anna Bryson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Doximity, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date May 26, 2023 By s Anna Bryson 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 exhibit32133123.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Jeffrey Tangney, Chief Executive Officer of Doximity, Inc. (the Company ), do hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge and pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended March 31, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date May 26, 2023 By s Jeffrey Tangney 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 exhibit32233123.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Anna Bryson, Chief Financial Officer of Doximity, Inc. (the Company ), do hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge and pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended March 31, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date May 26, 2023 By s Anna Bryson 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 docs-20230331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 docs-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 docs-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 docs-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 docs-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

