<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230501_10-K_edgar_data_1816906_0001683168-23-002801.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4858353</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>253800</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>973419</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1139712</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1074453</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1314340</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-002801.hdr.sgml : 20230501
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230501144419
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-002801
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230501
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230501

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Gaming Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001816906
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				352675083
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-249998
		FILM NUMBER:		23872703

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO SUMMERLIN
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89135
		BUSINESS PHONE:		347-983-1227

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO SUMMERLIN
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89135

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Dito, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200707

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-002801.txt : 20230501

10-K
 1
 gamingtech_i10k-123122.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization 
 
 I.R.S. Employer Identification No. 

, , A 

Address of Principal Executive Offices 
 
 Zip Code 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: + 1 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 

Securities registered pursuant to s ection
12(g) of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates, computed by reference to the price, 0.60, the closing price of the Company s common stock
on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter,
was . As of that date, 14,226,528 shares of the registrant s common stock were held by non-affiliates. For
purposes of this information, the outstanding shares of common stock that were and that may be deemed to have been beneficially owned
by directors and executive officers of the registrant and beneficial owners of 10 or more of the registrant s common stock outstanding
on that date were deemed to be shares of common stock held by affiliates at that date. However, such assumption shall not be deemed an
admission that any such person is or was an affiliate. 

As of May 1, 2023, shares
of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, were outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item Number and Caption 
 
 Page 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 ii 

PART I 

1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 6 
 
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 18 
 
 2. 
 Properties 
 
 18 
 
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 18 
 
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 18 

PART II 

5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 19 
 
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 20 
 
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 20 
 
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 33 
 
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 33 
 
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting, and Financial Disclosure 
 
 33 
 
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 34 
 
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 35 
 
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 35 

PART III 

10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 
 36 
 
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 39 
 
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 40 
 
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 42 
 
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 42 

PART IV 

15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 43 
 
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 44 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report contains forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, principally in the sections entitled Description of Business, 
 Risk Factors, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 All statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this Report, including statements regarding future events,
our future financial performance, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking
statements. We have attempted to identify forward-looking statements by terminology including anticipates, believes, 
 can, continue, could, estimates, expects, intends, 
 may, plans, potential, predicts, should, or will or
the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Although we do not make forward-looking statements unless we believe we have
a reasonable basis for doing so, we cannot guarantee their accuracy. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks outlined under Risk Factors or elsewhere in this Report, which
may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from those
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment.
New risks emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risk factors, nor can we address the impact of all factors
on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause our actual results to differ materially from those
contained in any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on information available
to us on the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. 

You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking
statement, each of which applies only as of the date of this Report on Form-10-K. Before you invest in our securities, you should be aware
that the occurrence of the events described in the section entitled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report could negatively
affect our business, operating results, financial condition and stock price. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to
update or revise publicly any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this Report on Form-10-K to conform our statements to
actual results or changed expectations. 

INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA 

This Form 10-K contains estimates and other statistical
data made by independent parties and by us relating to market size and growth and other data about our industry. We obtained the industry
and market data in this Form 10-K from our own research as well as from industry and general publications, surveys and studies conducted
by third parties. This data involves a number of assumptions and limitations and contains projections and estimates of the future performance
of the industries in which we operate that are subject to a high degree of uncertainty, including those discussed in Item 1A Risk
Factors ). We caution you not to give undue weight to such projections, assumptions and estimates. Further, industry and general
publications, studies and surveys generally state that they have been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, although they do
not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such information. While we believe that these publications, studies and surveys are reliable,
we have not independently verified the data contained in them. In addition, while we believe that the results and estimates from our internal
research are reliable, such results and estimates have not been verified by any independent source. 

ii 

Unless the context requires otherwise, references
in this report to Gaming Technologies, the Company, we, us, and our 
refer to Gaming Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries. All brand names or trademarks appearing in this report
are the property of their respective holders. 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Business Overview 

We are a gaming company specializing in building
and scaling online gambling brands. We integrate best-in-class third-party casino games and sports betting to our online brands. 

The Company operates Vale, a licensed online Casino
and Sportsbook in Mexico, through its website vale.net, which is provided in conjunction with a local license holder, The Fabulous Vegas
Games S.A. de C.V. 

Gaming Technologies, Inc., was incorporated under
the laws of the State of Delaware on July 23, 2019, under the name Dito, Inc. We entered into a share-for-share exchange transaction consummated
on March 18, 2020, in which all of the existing shareholders of Dito UK Limited, an English corporation, exchanged their ordinary shares
in Dito UK Limited for shares of our common stock, and Dito UK Limited became our wholly owned subsidiary (the Share Exchange ). 

Dito UK Limited acquired its initial assets from
Gametech UK Limited, an English corporation Gametech UK in 2018. On May 11, 2017, Gametech UK entered insolvency proceedings
and administrators were appointed for it. Approximately fifteen months later, on August 10, 2018, the administrators of Gametech UK entered
into an asset sale agreement with Dito UK Limited (the Sale Agreement pursuant to a court order issued by the Joint Administrators
of Gametech UK (in administration) on May 29, 2018. Gametech UK s last full year of operations was the year ended December 31, 2016,
and it had nominal revenues in such year. 

The Sale Agreement with Gametech UK included the
sale of the intellectual property assets of Gametech UK, consisting of gaming software and a related platform. The software was acquired
under the expectation that it would require significant modifications to be able to be utilized in the Company s anticipated long
term business model, which is to operate its own gaming platform for associated brands. Following the acquisition of Gametech UK s
intellectual property assets out of receivership, we have made significant improvements to this core software platform. The improvements
we have made include the migration of the software from physical server dependencies to cloud based deployment (via Amazon Web Services AWS )) and removing the dependency on third-party applications and replacing them with AWS native alternatives. 

As of January 2023, we have not yet deployed our
own platform for production use but continue to build it in the background for future use. Our existing brand (Vale) is powered by an
external provider, Game Interaction Group BV. 

On December 21, 2020, we changed our name to Gaming
Technologies, Inc., and on January 7, 2021, Dito UK Limited changed its name to Gaming Technologies UK Limited Gaming Technologies
UK ). 

We commenced revenue-generating operations in
February 2021. We do not have positive cash flows from operations and expect to continue to be dependent on periodic infusions of equity
capital to fund our operating requirements. 

For financial reporting purposes, the Share
Exchange was accounted for as a combination of entities under common control, as Gaming Technologies, Inc. was formed by Gaming Technologies
UK, with the objective of Gaming Technologies UK becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Gaming Technologies, Inc., and the resultant parent
company being domiciled in the United States. As a result of the combination, the former stockholders of Gaming Technologies UK became
the controlling shareholders of Dito, Inc., and the Gaming Technologies UK management and board members became the management and board
members of Gaming Technologies, Inc. 

1 

Development of Our Business 

Our activities are subject to significant risks
and uncertainties, including the need for additional capital, as described below. We do not have positive cash flows from operations,
and we expect to continue to be dependent on periodic infusions of equity capital to fund our operating requirements. We have financed
our working capital requirements since inception primarily through the sale of its equity securities in private placement transactions,
as well as from borrowings. In private placements to accredited investors (as defined in Regulation D under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act )) or to non-U.S. persons under Regulation S under the Securities Act, between
February 2020 and February 2021 we sold an aggregate of 2,691,800 shares of our common stock at a price of 2.50 per share. In March
2021, we sold 10,000 shares of our common stock for gross proceeds of 25,000 in a private placement. In August 2021, we sold 538,694
shares of common for gross proceeds of 1,750,752 in a private placement. 

In November and December 2022, we sold 3,880,600
shares of common for gross proceeds of 970,150 in a private placement. Our activities are subject to significant risks and uncertainties,
including the need for additional capital, as described below. 

Fabulous Vegas Games and Game Interaction Group (for our brand,
Vale) 

On December 15, 2022 we entered into a Commercial Association Agreement
for the use of a gambling permit owned by The Fabulous Vegas Games S.A. de C.V. Fabulous ). 

The license permits us to operate our brand Vale as approved by General
Directorate of Games and Raffles of the Ministry of Interior (SEGOB). 

Vale integrates over 500 online premium casino games as well as sports
betting, through an external software partner, Game Interaction Group BV. These games can be enjoyed via mobile or desktop. Players can
receive promotions and play live roulette and blackjack, or high-definition slots from leading software providers such as NetEnt, Microgaming,
Pragmatic Play, Evolution and Matrix Studios. We are responsible for player acquisition, promotion and retention. We manage players 
accounts and are required to ensure that the balance in players accounts at all times satisfies the requirements under applicable
law, and we pay out winnings to players from a local dedicated bank account under our own control. 

Under the terms of the agreement with Fabulous, we share 8 of Net
Win generated from the platform, or a minimum of six thousand USD per month. In February 2021, vale.mx began operations. Net Win is defined
as a calculation of the total income from gaming (revenues minus prizes, minus platform expenses, minus redeemed bonuses). In addition,
we made a payment of 150,000 in cash and issued 600,000 shares of our common stock, having a fair market value of 150,000 on the date
of grant, to Fabulous and are obligated to make 22 monthly payments of 9,000 to Fabulous beginning in April 2023. 

Under the terms of the agreement with Game Interaction Group, we share
a percentage of Gross Gaming Revenue, which is 12 for sportsbook, and 3 for casino games, skill games, poker virtual games. There
is a minimum monthly fee of 9,000 EUR. 

Big Bola/vale.mx 

On November 13, 2020, we entered into an Agreement
for the Provision of Online Gaming Management and Consulting Services (as subsequently amended) with Comercial de Juegos de la Frontera,
S.A. de C.V., a Mexican company doing business as Big Bola, pursuant to which we provide to Big Bola consulting and management services
related to their interactive online betting and gaming business in Mexico via the web site www.vale.mx, a regulated online casino and
sports betting site. vale.mx operates under Big Bola s existing license issued by the General Directorate of Games and Raffles of
the Ministry of Interior (SEGOB). Big Bola is one of only 14 operators legally authorized to offer legal betting and
online casino services in Mexico. vale.mx has more than 500 online premium casino games available, which can be enjoyed both on mobile
or via desktop. Players can receive promotions and play live roulette and blackjack, or high-definition slots from leading software providers
such as NetEnt, Microgaming, Pragmatic Play, Evolution and Matrix Studios. We are responsible for player acquisition, promotion and retention
for vale.mx. We manage players accounts and are required to ensure that the balance in players accounts at all times satisfies
the requirements under applicable law, and we pay out winnings to players from Big Bola s account. While Big Bola bears liability
to the players as provided by the permit, as between us and Big Bola we bear the costs of this obligation. Each party indemnifies the
other against certain liabilities and claims. Under the terms of the amended agreement, we share 75 of gross gaming revenue generated
from the platform, subject to certain minimum guaranteed monthly amounts of Big Bola s participation in the remaining gross gaming
revenues. This venture began operations in February 2021. 

2 

In June 2022, the Company and Big Bola entered
into a Side Letter Agreement SLA whereby Big Bola agreed to convert 134,669 in fees owed to it by the Company into 540,000
shares of the Company s common stock. The Company recorded the fees as incurred and they are included in accounts payable at September
30, 2022. The Company was required to issue the shares by July 10, 2022. The shares were issued in October 2022. In addition, the Company
agreed to make payments on 120,000 in guaranteed participation fees due to Big Bola as follows: 40,000 no later than July 14, 2022;
 40,000 on later than August 14, 2022; and 40,000 no later than September 14, 2022. The guaranteed participation fees have been recorded
by the Company as they were incurred and are included in accounts payable at September 30, 2022. The July, August, September, and October
payments have not been made as of the date of this filing. In addition, Big Bola agreed that it will not collect from the Company the
guaranteed participation fee of 40,000 per month for the months of June, July and August of 2022 and that the guaranteed participation
fee for the months of September, October and November of 2022 will be reduced to 20,000 per month. Effective December 1, 2022, the parties
reverted to the terms of the original agreement, as amended. 

In December 2022, the Company canceled the Big
Bola contract. As a result of the cancellation of the Big Bola contract, the Company incurred a charge of 400,000 to settle the remaining
balance owed to Big Bola under the contract. 

Canelo Sponsorship Agreement 

On April 14, 2021, we entered into a Sponsorship
Agreement (the Canelo Agreement with SA Holiday, Inc. Holiday ), owner of the personality rights of champion
professional boxer Saul Alvarez Barragan, or Canelo, in connection with a promotional campaign for the Company to sponsor
a prize fight and certain other activities of Canelo, and for Canelo to promote the Company s VALE brand and create
certain promotional materials in connection therewith for the Company s use in the United States, Latin America and certain countries
in the Caribbean. Pursuant to the Canelo Agreement we paid Holiday a cash fee of 1,600,000 and will be responsible for paying certain
other amounts as provided therein. The agreement, as amended, runs until August 2022. 

Ortiz Gaming Partnership 

On August 18, 2021, we entered into a software partnership with Ortiz
Gaming to supply us with online Bingo gaming content. The deal initially cover Mexico and we plan to expand to other parts of Latin and
South America. 

Key Performance Indicators 

Registered Players 

A registered player is
a customer who has registered on our app or website and met our Know Your Customer identification requirements. During the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 we registered 19,183 and 108,206 players, respectively, on vale.mx. On October 4, 2021, we announced we had
reached 100,000 total registrations on vale.mx. 

Monthly Unique Payers 

Monthly Unique Payers MUPs . MUPs is the average number of unique paid users unique payers that use our online platform on
a monthly basis. 

MUPs is a key indicator
of the scale of our user base and awareness of our brand and/or the third-party brands we partner with. We believe that year-over-year
MUPs will also generally be indicative of the long-term revenue growth potential of the online gaming brands we hold directly and/or those
we establish around our B2B brand partners, although MUPs in individual periods may be less indicative of our longer-term expectations.
We expect the number of MUPs to grow as we attract, retain and re-engage users in new and existing jurisdictions and expand the online
gambling brands we operate to appeal to a wider audience. 

3 

We define MUPs as the
average number of unique payers per month who had a paid engagement e.g. , participated in a casino game) across one or more of
our product offerings via our platform technology. For reported periods longer than one month, we average the MUPs for the months in the
reported period. 

A unique paid
user or unique payer is any person who had one or more paid engagements via our B2C technology during the period i.e. , a user that participates in a paid engagement with one of our B2C product offerings counts as a single unique paid user
or unique payer for the period). We exclude users who have made a deposit but have not yet had a paid engagement. Unique payers or unique
paid users include users who have participated in a paid engagement with promotional incentives, which are fungible with other funds deposited
in their wallets on our technology. The number of these users included in MUPs has not been material to date and a substantial majority
of such users are repeat users who have had paid engagements both prior to and after receiving incentives. 

During the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, our MUPs were 519 and 3,251, respectively. 

Average Revenue per
MUP ARPMUP ). ARPMUP is the average online casino revenue per MUP, and this key metric represents our ability to
drive usage and monetization of our online casino offering. 

During the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, our ARPMUP was 198.99 and 51.64, respectively. 

We define and calculate
ARPMUP as the average monthly online casino revenue for a reporting period, divided by MUPs i.e. , the average number of unique
payers) for the same period. 

Handle 

Handle is a casino or
sports betting term referring to the total amount of money bet. We will report the handle or cash wagering which is the total
amount of money bet excluding all bonuses. 

During the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, our handle was 2,759,057 and 6,313,132, respectively. 

Hold 

Hold is essentially the
amount of cash that our platform instances keep after paying out winning bets. The industry also refers to hold as win or revenue. During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our hold was 125,996 and 288,848, respectively. 

Online games are characterized
by an element of chance. Our revenue is impacted by variations in the hold percentage (the ratio of net win to total amount wagered) on
bets placed on, or the actual outcome of, games or events on which users bet. Although our product offerings generally perform within
a defined statistical range of outcomes, actual outcomes may vary for any given period, and a single large bet can have a sizeable impact
on our short-term financial performance. Our hold is also affected by factors that are beyond our control, such as a user s skill,
experience and behavior, the mix of games played, the financial resources of users and the volume of bets placed. As a result of variability
in these factors, actual hold rates on our products may differ from the theoretical win rates we have estimated and could result in the
winnings of our gaming users exceeding those anticipated. We seek to mitigate these risks through data science and analytics and rules built
into our technology, as well as active management of our amounts at risk at a point in time, but may not always be able to do so successfully,
particularly over short periods, which can result in financial losses as well as revenue volatility. 

During the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, our hold percentage was 4.57 and 4.58 , respectively. 

4 

Plan of Operation 

Our next phase of growth
is focused on scaling our customer and player base and geographies, and utilizing the existing technical capacity and investment in infrastructure
which has taken place since 2019. 

In line with the Company s
strategy of creating lean and flexible operations, we are outsourcing a number of departments including Customer Service to Game Interaction
in Columbia. Furthermore, as we are now integrating the best-in-class games from games studios worldwide, we anticipate a reduced headcount
in games development. 

Intellectual Property 

We have not filed for,
nor do we own or license, any patents related to our intellectual property. 

We own several internet
domains including dito.com, gametech.com, gametech.co.uk, gametech.uk, gamingtechnologies.com, superstars.com, gmgt.com, gtafiliados.com,
gtafiliados.mx, juegavale.co, juegavale.com, sevale.mx, vale.net, vale.casino and vale.mx. 

Regulatory 

We are an early stage software developer and our
software platform provides third party gaming companies and gaming app developers with the tools to build high quality products. As a
B2B developer of software, we believe we are not subject to the regulations that may affect other companies in the iGaming industry who
interact directly with retail customers using the gaming software i.e. , companies using a B2C model). If our B2B partners wish
to sell or produce games in a regulated market, they will need to have the necessary licenses and meet the regulations within their jurisdiction.
We believe the responsibility of meeting local regulatory requirements (where applicable) rests with our B2B partners. 

Nasdaq Listing Application; Reverse Stock Split and Authorized Share
Increase (new) 

Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB market under the
trading symbol GMGT. However, trading of our common stock has been extremely limited to date, and there is as yet no established
trading market for our common stock. In 2021 we applied to list our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under
the symbol GMGT. The application was approved by Nasdaq but could not be completed by the company at the time due to declining
market conditions. The company intends to re-apply to Nasdaq in 2023 and will be required to meet minimum market value of unrestricted
publicly held shares, minimum share price and other listing criteria, of which there can be no assurance. 

In connection with the listing application, our
Board of Directors and our stockholders had approved resolutions (i) authorizing a reverse stock split of the outstanding shares of our
common stock in the range from 1-for-2 to 1-for-8, and providing authority to our Board of Directors to determine whether to effect a
reverse stock split and, if so to select the ratio of the reverse stock split in their discretion, and (ii) to increase in the number
of our authorized shares of common stock from 45,000,000 to 400,000,000. 

The Board of Directors anticipates determining
whether to effect a reverse stock split on re-application and, if so, setting the ratio of that reverse stock split, and the Company will
file a certificate of amendment to affect the reverse stock split. 

The reverse stock split would be intended to allow
us to meet the minimum share price requirement of the Nasdaq Capital Market. The share and per share information in this report has not
been adjusted to reflect any reverse stock split. 

In October 2022, the Company filed the authorization
for the share increase with the Secretary of State of Delaware. 

5 

Employees 

As an early-stage company, we currently have no
employees other than our Chief Executive Officer, Jason Drummond. Mr. Drummond works full time on Company matters. We have retained approximately
two individuals, including our Chief Financial Officer, on an independent contractor basis to provide management, accounting and other
corporate services to us on a full-time basis. 

Additional information 

Our corporate website address is www.gametech.com.
Our most current SEC filings are available free of charge on our website as well as at www.sec.gov. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

The following important risk factors, and those
risk factors described elsewhere in this report or in our other filings with the SEC, could cause our actual results to differ materially
from those stated in forward-looking statements contained in this document or elsewhere. These risks are not presented in order of importance
or probability of occurrence. Further, the risks described below are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties
not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. Any of these risks may have a
material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, income, revenue, profitability, cash
flows, liquidity or stock price. 

Risks Specific to the Company 

Risk of Going Concern 

Although our financial
statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, we must raise additional capital before October 2023 to fund our operations
in order to continue as a going concern. 

Weinberg Company,
our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, has included an explanatory paragraph in
their opinion that accompanies our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, indicating
that our current liquidity position raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to improve
our liquidity position we may not be able to continue as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result if we are unable to continue as a going concern and, therefore, be required to realize our assets and
discharge our liabilities other than in the normal course of business which could cause investors to suffer the loss of all or a substantial
portion of their investment. 

We anticipate that our
principal sources of liquidity will only be sufficient to fund our activities and debt service needs through May 2023. In order to have
sufficient cash to fund our operations beyond May 2023, we will need to raise additional equity or debt capital in order to continue as
a going concern and we cannot provide any assurance that we will be successful in doing so. 

We have only recently begun to generate
operating revenues. We expect to incur operating losses for the foreseeable future. 

Gaming Technologies, Inc., was incorporated on
July 23, 2019, and to date has been involved primarily in organizational activities. Gaming Technologies UK,
our subsidiary was formed in November 2017. We commenced revenue-generating operations in February, 2021, and have generated
only minimal revenue to date. Further, we have not yet fully developed our business plan or our management team. Accordingly, we have
no way to evaluate the likelihood that our business well be successful. The likelihood of success must be considered in light of the problems,
expenses, difficulties, complications and delays encountered in connection with the operations that we plan to undertake. These potential
problems include, but are not limited to, unanticipated problems relating to our software and market acceptance by our intended clients.
There is no operating history upon which to base any assumption as to the likelihood that we will prove successful and there is no assurance
we will generate any operating revenues or ever achieve profitable operations. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks, our business
will most likely fail. 

We have a limited operating history which
makes it difficult to accurately evaluate our business prospects. 

We have a limited operating history upon which
to base an evaluation of our business and prospects. Operating results for future periods are subject to numerous uncertainties and we
cannot assure you that the Company will achieve or sustain profitability. The Company s prospects must be considered in light of
the risks encountered by companies in the early stage of development, particularly companies in new and rapidly evolving markets. Future
operating results will depend upon many factors, including, but not limited to, our success in attracting necessary financing, establishing
credit or operating facilities, the success of our products, our ability to develop new products, our ability to successfully market our
products and attract repeat and new customers, our ability to control operational costs, and the Company s ability in retaining
motivated and qualified personnel, legal and regulatory developments in the jurisdictions in which we operate, as well as the general
economic conditions which affect such businesses. We cannot assure you that the Company will successfully address any of these risks. 

6 

We do not have adequate capital to fund
our business and may need additional funding to continue operations. We may not be able to raise capital when needed, if at all, which
would force us to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development programs or commercialization efforts and could cause our business
to fail. 

We have limited capital available to us. Our entire
original capital has been fully expended and if additional costs cannot be funded from borrowings or capital from other sources, then
our financial condition, results of operations, and business performance would be materially adversely affected. We will require additional
capital for the development of our business operations and commercialization of our planned products. We may also encounter unforeseen
expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may increase our capital needs and/or cause us to spend our
cash resources faster than we expect. Accordingly, we will need to obtain additional funding in order to continue our operations. We may
not be able to raise needed additional capital or financing due to market conditions or for regulatory or other reasons. There can be
no guarantee that the necessary funds will be available on a timely basis, on favorable terms, or at all, or that such funds, if raised,
would be sufficient. Even if additional funds are raised by issuing equity securities, dilution to the then existing shareholdings would
result. We cannot assure that we will have adequate capital to conduct our business. If additional funding is not obtained, we may need
to reduce, defer or cancel software development efforts, sales and marketing, and overhead expenditures to the extent necessary. The failure
to fund our operating and capital requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

On May 18, 2022 an event of default occurred due
to our failure to make interest payments on our 10 Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Note in the principal amount of
 1,666,666.67 (the Convertible Note ). As a result of the default, the Company was accessed a default penalty of 231,250.
On November 8, 2022, the Convertible Note was amended to change the maturity date until February 15, 2023. In exchange, the Company agreed
to increase the warrant coverage from 120 of the original face amount of the note to 210 of the original face value of the note and
to issue. As a result, warrants to issued an additional 545,454 shares were issued to the lender and the interest rate on the Convertible
Note increase to 18 annually. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Convertible
Note Financing below for additional information on the Convertible Note, security agreement and related agreements. On March 29,
2023, the due date of the note was extended to October 15, 2023. The Company agreed to issue 500,000 shares of its common stock to the
note holder in exchange for the due date extension. 

Our business plan is speculative. 

Our business is speculative and subject to numerous
risks and uncertainties. The development of products, including current products, may not succeed in a commercial setting or result in
revenue due to functional failures, lack of acceptance or demand from the marketplace, technological inefficiencies, competition or for
other reasons. There is no assurance that we will generate significant revenues, and even if we do there can be no assurances that we
will generate a profit. 

We may not be successful in raising additional
capital necessary to meet expected increases in working capital needs. If we raise additional funding through sales of equity or equity-based
securities, your shares will be diluted. If we need additional funding for operations and we are unable to raise it, we may be forced
to liquidate assets and/or curtail or cease operations or seek bankruptcy protection or be subject to an involuntary bankruptcy petition. 

Since inception through December 31, 2022, the
Company has generated insignificant revenues and has incurred losses and has an accumulated deficit of 27,239,427 as of December 31,
2022. There can be no assurances that we will be able to achieve a level of revenues adequate to generate sufficient cash flow from operations.
Our ability to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings or other sources may depend on the commercial success of our software
and financial, economic and market conditions and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. No assurance can be given that
we will be successful in raising the required capital at reasonable cost and at the required times, or at all. Further equity financings
may have a dilutive effect on shareholders and any debt financing, if available, may require restrictions to be placed on our future financing
and operating activities. If we require additional capital and are unsuccessful in raising that capital, we may not be able to continue
our business operations and advance our growth initiatives, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Our auditors have indicated that these conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. We urge you
to review the additional information about our liquidity and capital resources in the Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations elsewhere in this document below. If our business ceases to continue
as a going concern due to lack of available capital or otherwise, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations,
financial position, and liquidity. 

7 

We have material weaknesses and other deficiencies in our internal
control and accounting procedures. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and concluded
that we had a material weakness in our internal controls due to our limited resources and therefore our disclosure controls and procedures
may not be effective in providing material information required to be included in any future periodic SEC filings on a timely basis and
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in any future periodic SEC filings is accumulated and communicated to our management
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure about our internal control over financial reporting. More specifically, our internal
control over financial reporting was not effective due to material weaknesses related to a segregation of duties due to our limited resources
and limited staff. 

In addition, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
our management concluded that we had a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to comply with the rules
under Sarbanes-Oxley related to disclosure controls and procedures in the future, or, if we continue to have material weaknesses and other
deficiencies in our internal control and accounting procedures and disclosure controls and procedures, our stock price could decline significantly
and raising capital could be more difficult. If additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies are discovered or if we otherwise
fail to address the adequacy of our internal control and disclosure controls and procedures our business may be harmed. Moreover, effective
internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to helping prevent financial fraud. If
we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose
confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our securities could drop significantly. 

Failure to develop our internal controls over financial reporting
could have an adverse impact on us. 

We need to develop and implement internal control
systems and procedures. We are required to establish and maintain appropriate internal controls over financial reporting. Failure to establish
appropriate controls, or any failure of those controls once established, could adversely impact our public disclosures regarding our business,
financial condition or results of operations. In addition, management s assessment of internal controls over financial reporting
may identify weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal controls over financial reporting or other matters that
may raise concerns for investors. Any actual or perceived weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal control
over financial reporting, disclosure of management s assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting or disclosure
of our public accounting firm s attestation to or report on management s assessment of our internal controls over financial
reporting may have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. 

If we were to lose the services of our key personnel, we may
not be able to execute our business strategy. 

Our success is substantially dependent on the
performance of Jason Drummond, who has significant experience in the technology and financial sectors and would be difficult to replace.
The loss of Mr. Drummond would have a material adverse impact on us. Until we add additional officers and directors with the technical
knowledge and financial expertise to move our business plan forward, we will be substantially dependent upon Mr. Drummond for the direction,
management and daily supervision of our operations. The inability to retain Mr. Drummond at this crucial juncture in our Company s
development, and our ability to replace Mr. Drummond in a timely manner would have a material adverse effect on our business and, accordingly,
would negatively impact our financial condition and operating results. 

If we are unable to hire, retain or motivate
qualified personnel, consultants, independent contractors, and advisors, we may not be able to grow effectively. 

Our performance will be dependent on the talents
and efforts of highly skilled individuals, including Mr. Drummond. The loss of Mr. Drummond, or one or more members of our management
team or other key employees or consultants, as and when they are hired, could materially harm our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly
qualified personnel for all areas of our organization. We face competition for personnel and consultants from other companies, universities,
public and private research institutions, government entities and other organizations. If we do not succeed in attracting excellent personnel
or in retaining or motivating them, we may be unable to grow effectively. We cannot assure that any skilled individuals will agree to
become an employee, consultant, or independent contractor of the Company. Our inability to retain their services could negatively impact
our business and our ability to execute our business strategy. 

8 

Our products may not achieve broad market
acceptance if we cannot compete successfully, limiting our ability to generate revenue and grow profits. 

Our ability to generate significant revenue and
profits depends on the acceptance of our products by customers. The market acceptance of any product depends on a number of factors, including
but not limited to awareness of a product s availability and benefits, features, safety and security, perceptions by the industry,
the price of the product, competing products, and the effectiveness of marketing and distribution efforts. To remain competitive, we must
continue to innovate, further enhancing and improving the responsiveness, functionality, accessibility, and other features of our software
platform. The success of our business depends on our ability to anticipate and respond to technological changes and customer preferences
in a timely and cost-effective manner. Any factors preventing or limiting the market acceptance of our products could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If we fail to attract new customers and maintain our active customers,
our growth may be impaired. 

Our future profitability and growth depends upon
our ability to establish an active customer base in a cost-effective manner. We must attract and maintain clients in order to maintain
and build profitability. Although we will spend resources on marketing and related expenses, there are no assurances that these efforts
will be cost effective in building our B2B business model. Failure to maintain a level of active clients could have an adverse effect
on our business and operations. 

We operate in an intensely competitive market
that includes companies that have greater financial, technical and marketing resources than us. 

We face intense and increasing competition in
the marketplace. We are confronted by rapidly changing technology, evolving user needs and the frequent introduction of new and enhanced
services by our competitors. Some of its existing and potential competitors, including GAN, Ltd, Evolution Gaming Group AB, and DraftKings,
Inc., are better established, benefit from greater name recognition and have significantly greater financial, technical, sales, and marketing
resources than us. In addition, some competitors, particularly those with a more diversified revenue base, may have greater flexibility
than us to compete aggressively based on price and other contract terms. New competitors may emerge through acquisitions or through development
of disruptive technologies. Strong and evolving competition could lead to a loss of our market share or make it more difficult to grow
our business profitably. 

If we are unable to adapt to changing technologies
and user preferences it may have a negative impact on player numbers and affect our business operations and financial performance. 

In an industry that is characterized by the development
of new products, technologies and end-user practices, we must invest significant resources in software development to be innovative and
to enhance our technology, products and services. If we fail to adapt to changing market needs and developing opportunities, it may have
an impact on our ability to attract and retain clients which could adversely impact the business operations and financial performance.
As technology evolves our platform may not support new devices. Users may shift from using an iOS or Android device and require access
to our products via a desktop computer or other devices. Our products may not be well-suited for use on other devices. This may have a
negative impact on client numbers if our platform is not enhanced to reflect new or changing client preferences. 

9 

If we are unable to protect our intellectual
property and proprietary rights, our competitive position and our business could be materially adversely affected. 

We cannot be certain that the steps we may take
in the future to protect, register and enforce our intellectual property rights, if any, will be adequate or that third parties will not
infringe or misappropriate our proprietary rights, if any. We face the risk that the use and exploitation of our intellectual property
rights, including rights relating to its proprietary software, may infringe the intellectual property rights of a third party. We also
face the risk that our intellectual property rights may be infringed by a third party, and there can be no assurance that we will successfully
prevent or restrict any such infringing activity. The costs incurred in bringing or defending any infringement actions may be substantial,
regardless of the merits of the claim, and an unsuccessful outcome may result in royalties or damages being payable and/or our being required
to cease using any infringing intellectual property or embodiments of any such intellectual property (such as software). 

If any of our intellectual property is held to
be infringing, there can be no assurance that we will be able to develop alternative non-infringing intellectual property. There can be
no assurance that third parties will not independently develop or have not so developed similar or equivalent software to our proprietary
software, or will not otherwise gain access to our source code, software or technology or obtain (on favorable terms or at all) alternative
non-infringing intellectual property. There can be no assurance that our intellectual property is valid, or enforceable and such intellectual
property may be subject to challenge or circumvention by third parties. We have not registered any of our intellectual property rights,
no assurance can be provided that any such rights are registrable, and no assurance can be given that any applications for registration
made by us will be successful, as applied for or at all. 

We face the risk that third parties will
claim that we infringe on their intellectual property rights, which could result in costly license fees or expensive litigation. 

Other companies, individuals or third parties
may claim that we are making use of or exploiting software or database design components that infringe their intellectual property rights.
The costs incurred in defending any infringement actions may be substantial, regardless of the merits of the claim, and an unsuccessful
outcome for us may result in royalties or damages being payable and/or our being required to cease using any infringing intellectual property
or embodiments of any such intellectual property (such as software). It may also affect our relationships with current or future customers,
delay or stop new sales, and divert the attention of management and other human resources. If any of our technology is held to be in breach,
there can be no assurance that we will be able to develop alternative non-infringing intellectual property in a timely manner. 

Customer complaints regarding our products and services could
hurt our business. 

From time to time, we may receive complaints from
customers regarding the quality of products sold by us. We may in the future receive correspondence from customers requesting reimbursement
or refunds. Certain dissatisfied customers may threaten legal action against us if no reimbursement is made. We may become subject to
product liability lawsuits from customers alleging harm because of a purported defect in our products or services, claiming substantial
damages and demanding payments from us. We are in the chain of title when we supply or distribute products, and therefore are subject
to the risk of being held legally responsible for them. These claims may not be covered by our insurance policies. Any resulting litigation
could be costly for us, divert management attention, and could result in increased costs of doing business, or otherwise have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Any negative publicity generated as a result of customer
frustration with our products or services, or with our websites, could damage our reputation and diminish the value of our brand name,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We may suffer losses if our reputation is harmed. 

Our ability to attract and retain customers and
employees may be materially adversely affected to the extent our reputation is damaged. Issues that may give rise to reputational risk
include, but are not limited to, failure of our products to perform effectively, failure to deal appropriately with legal and regulatory
requirements in any jurisdiction (including as may result in the issuance of a warning notice or sanction by a regulator or the commission
of an offence (whether civil, criminal, regulatory or other) by us or any of our officers, directors, intellectual property theft or intellectual
property infringement, factually incorrect reporting, staff difficulties, fraud, technological delays or malfunctions, the inability to
respond to a disaster, privacy issues, record-keeping, sales and trading practices, money-laundering, bribery and corruption, the credit,
liquidity and market risks inherent in our business and the activities of our affiliates. 

10 

We may be subject to hacker intrusion, distributed denial of
service attacks, malicious viruses, and other cyber-crime attacks. 

Our business may be adversely affected by distributed
denial of service DDoS attacks, and other forms of cyber-crime, such as attempts by computer hackers to gain access
to our systems and databases that may lead to exposure of sensitive data or cause its sites to fail and/or disrupt customers experience
of its products and services. A successful attack may also attempt to extort money from the business by interfering with its ability to
connect with its customers. The interference often occurs without warning resulting in a negative experience that its customers will associate
with us. If our efforts to combat these DDoS attacks and other forms of cyber-crime are unsuccessful, our reputation may be harmed, and
our customers ability to access the platform may be impaired. We are also susceptible to a wide range of known, unknown and evolving
malicious viruses. While we believe that our servers and production environment are adequately protected, no assurance can be given that
our servers and production environment will not be impacted by malicious viruses. Any hacker intrusion, DDoS, installation of a malicious
virus or cyber-crime attack could result in a decline in user traffic and associated revenues, which would have a material adverse effect
on the business operations and financial performance. 

Dependence on Key Suppliers and Third Parties 

We are dependent on outside suppliers for certain
key services including storage, data back-up and integration with electronic wallets. While no one supplier or service provider is irreplaceable,
should any of our key suppliers fail to supply these services and we fail to secure such services from an alternative supplier, our reputation
and financial position could be materially and adversely affected. It may also be that any alternative suppliers will only make available
their services at a significantly higher price than the Company is presently paying, thereby reducing the Company s ability to generate
profit. In addition, we engage several providers of third- party hosting, gaming, and payment processing services. In the event that there
is any interruption to the products or services provided by such third parties, or if there are problems in supplying the products or
if one or more ceased to be provided or only provided on onerous terms to us, this could have an adverse effect on the business operation
and performance. 

Our financial
results may be adversely affected by currency fluctuations. 

We will generate revenues
in a variety of currencies, including the Euro, Sterling, and the US Dollar. As a result, some of our financial assets may be denominated
in these currencies and fluctuations in these currencies could adversely affect its financial results. We do not currently engage in any
currency hedging transactions intended to reduce the effect of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates on its results of operations.
If we were to determine that it was in our best interests to enter into any currency hedging transactions in the future, there can be
no assurance that we will be able to do so or that such transactions, if entered into, will materially reduce the effect of fluctuations
in foreign currency exchange rates on its results of operations. Currency hedging may also generate complex accounting issues. In addition,
if, for any reason, exchange or price controls or other restrictions on the conversion of one currency into another currency were imposed,
our business could be adversely affected. Although exposure to currency fluctuations to date have not had a material adverse effect on
our business, there can be no assurance such fluctuations in the future will not have a material adverse effect on revenues from international
sales and, consequently, our business, operating results and financial condition. 

The concentration
of our capital stock ownership with insiders will likely limit your ability to influence corporate matters. 

Our executive officers and director and several
stockholders together beneficially own approximately 57.1 of outstanding common stock. As a result, these stockholders, if they act together
or in a block, could have significant influence over most matters that require approval by our stockholders, including the election of
directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, even if other stockholders oppose them. This concentration of ownership
might also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of our company that other stockholders may view as beneficial. 

We do not have any independent directors,
nor an audit committee, a compensation committee or a corporate governance committee. 

At present, we do not have any independent directors,
and our board of directors does not have an audit committee, a compensation committee or a nominating/corporate governance committee.
Our sole director is Jason Drummond, who is our Chief Executive Officer. Because we have no independent directors and only a single
director, we do not have any checks and balances on Mr. Drummond, which may make it difficult for us to develop internal controls, to
cure material weaknesses in internal controls and to raise money in the financial markets. 

11 

Jason Drummond, our Chief Executive Officer and sole director,
resides outside of the US, it may be difficult for an investor to enforce any right based on US federal securities laws against Mr. Drummond,
or to enforce a judgment rendered by a US court against Mr. Drummond. 

Our Chief Executive Officer and director, Jason
Drummond, is a non-resident of the US. Therefore, it may be difficult to effect service of process on Mr. Drummond in the US, and it may
be difficult to enforce any judgment rendered against Mr. Drummond. Accordingly, it may be difficult or impossible for an investor to
bring an action against Mr. Drummond, in the case that an investor believes that such investor s rights have been infringed under
the US securities laws, or otherwise. Even if an investor is successful in bringing an action of this kind, the laws may render that investor
as unable to enforce a judgment against the assets of Mr. Drummond. As a result, our shareholders may have more difficulties in protecting
their interests through actions against Mr. Drummond, compared to shareholders of a corporation whose officers and directors reside within
the US. Mr. Drummond s principal assets are located in the United Kingdom. 

Jason Drummond, as our Chief Executive Officer
and sole director, may determine and award director fees and management compensation in his sole discretion. 

There is currently no formal compensation agreement
with our CEO Jason Drummond, who is also our sole director. Until we have a compensation arrangement in place with Mr. Drummond and additional
directors are added to our board of directors (our Board ), Mr. Drummond has the power to set his own compensation as management
and distribute director fees in his sole discretion. There can be no assurance that we will enter into a formal compensation agreement
with Mr. Drummond on favorable terms to the Company or any agreement at all and that additional members will be added to our Board. Any
management compensation and/or director fees he awards himself could have an adverse effect on our cash reserves or net profit, if any. 

Risks Related to the Industry 

Economic conditions and current economic weakness. 

Any economic downturn, either globally or locally
in any area in which we operate or where our customers reside, in particular the UK and US and Mexico, may have an adverse effect on demand
for our software platform once it is released. A more prolonged economic downturn may lead to an overall decline in the volume of our
sales, restricting our ability to realize a profit. If economic conditions remain uncertain, we might see lower levels of growth than
anticipated, which might have an adverse impact on our operations and business results. 

The laws and regulations concerning data privacy and data
security are continually evolving; failure to comply with these laws and regulations could harm our business. 

We collect and store significant amounts of information
about customers who use our technologies, including both personally identifying and non-personally identifying information. We are subject
to laws from a variety of jurisdictions regarding privacy and the protection of this customer information. For example, the EU has traditionally
taken a broader view than the US and certain other jurisdictions as to what is considered personal information, and has imposed greater
obligations under data privacy regulations. 

Data privacy protection laws are rapidly changing
and likely will continue to do so for the foreseeable future. The US government, including the Federal Trade Commission and the Department
of Commerce, is continuing to review the need for greater regulation over the collection of personal information and information about
consumer behavior on the Internet and on mobile devices, and the EU has proposed reforms to its existing data protection legal framework.
Various government and consumer agencies worldwide have also called for new regulation and changes in industry practices. In addition,
in some cases, we are dependent upon our platform providers to solicit, collect and provide us with information regarding our customers
that is necessary for compliance with these various types of regulations. 

12 

If we fail to comply with existing privacy-related
or data protection laws and regulations, it could result in proceedings or litigation against us by governmental authorities or others,
which could result in fines or judgments against us, damage our reputation, impact our financial condition and harm our business. If regulators,
the media or consumers raise any concerns about our privacy and data protection or consumer protection practices, even if unfounded, this
could also result in fines or judgments against us, damage our reputation, and negatively impact our financial condition and damage our
business. 

In the area of information security and data protection,
many jurisdictions have passed laws requiring notification when there is a security breach for personal data or requiring the adoption
of minimum information security standards that are often vaguely defined and difficult to implement. Our security measures and standards
may not be sufficient to protect personal information and we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent security breaches.
A security breach that compromises personal information could harm our reputation and result in a loss of customer confidence in our products
and ultimately in a loss of customers, which could adversely affect our business and impact our financial condition. This could also subject
us to liability under applicable security breach-related laws and regulations and could result in additional compliance costs, costs related
to regulatory inquiries and investigations, and an inability to conduct our business. 

Tax status and changes to regulations
could affect our business. 

We cannot guarantee that any tax audit or tax
dispute to which we may be subject in the future will result in a favorable outcome. There is a risk that any such audit or dispute could
result in additional taxes payable by us as well as negative publicity and reputational damage. In any such case, substantial additional
tax liabilities and ancillary charges could be imposed on us which could increase our effective tax rate. Our effective tax rate may also
be affected by changes in, or the interpretation of tax laws, including those tax laws relating to the utilization of capital allowances,
net operating losses and tax loss or credit carryforwards, as well as management s assessment of certain matters, such as the ability
to realize deferred tax assets. The Company s effective tax rate in any given financial year reflects a variety of factors that
may not be present in the succeeding financial year or years. An increase in our effective tax rate in future periods could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Systems failures, disruptive events or delays could materially
harm the Company s business. 

Our operations are highly dependent on the internet
and mobile networks. The efficient and uninterrupted operation of the Internet and mobile networks, on which we rely, and our ability
to provide customers with reliable, real-time access to our services, is fundamental to the success of our business. Any damage, malfunction,
failure or interruption of, or to the Internet or mobile networks could result in a lack of confidence in our services and a possible
loss of customers to our competitors, or could expose us to higher risk or losses, with a consequential material adverse effect on our
operations and results. If our connection to mobile networks or the Internet is interrupted or not available, we may not be able to provide
customers with our products and services. 

Our systems and networks may also fail because
of other events, such as: 

fire, flood, or natural disasters; 

power or telecommunications failure; 

computer hacking activities; and 

acts of war or terrorism. 

To date there have been no significant malfunctioning
of the internet or mobile networks, however, any such event could result in a lack of confidence in our services, and result in a loss
of existing customers in addition to exposing us to potential liabilities. Any one of these challenges could result in a material adverse
effect on our operations and financial results. 

13 

Our current operations are international in scope and expansion
can create a variety of potential operational challenges. 

With business operations in the UK and the US
and with intentions to grow, our offices, personnel and operations may be further dispersed around the world. In connection with such
expansion, we may face a number of challenges, including costs associated with developing software and providing support in additional
languages, varying seasonality patterns, potential adverse movement of currency exchange rates, longer payment cycles and difficulties
in collecting accounts receivable in some countries, tariffs and trade barriers, a variety of regulatory or contractual limitations on
our ability to operate, adverse tax events, reduced protection of intellectual property rights in some countries and a geographically
and culturally diverse workforce and customer base. Failure to overcome any of these challenges could negatively affect our business and
results of operations. 

The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic may impact our plans and
activities. 

The global outbreak of COVID-19 has led to severe
disruptions in general economic activities, as businesses and governments have taken broad actions to mitigate this public health crisis.
Although we have not experienced any significant disruption to its business to date, these conditions could significantly negatively impact
our business in the future. The extent to which the COVID-19 outbreak ultimately impacts our business, future revenues, results of operations
and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited
to, the duration and spread of the outbreak, its severity and longevity, the actions to curtail the virus and treat its impact (including
an effective vaccine), and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. 

Even after the COVID-19 outbreak has subsided,
we may be at risk of experiencing a significant impact to our business as a result of the global economic impact, including any economic
downturn or recession that has occurred or may occur in the future. Currently, capital markets have been disrupted by the crisis, as a
result of which the availability, amount and type of financing available to us in the near future is uncertain and cannot be assured and
is largely dependent upon evolving market conditions and other factors. We intend to continue to monitor the situation and may adjust
our current business plans as more information and guidance become available. 

Public Company Risks 

We are an emerging growth company 
and smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from
disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive
to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company 
within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being
required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley, reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory
vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders
may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although
circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our shares of common stock held by non-affiliates
exceeds 700 million as of the end of any second quarter of a fiscal year, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company
as of the end of such fiscal year. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on
these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices
of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading
prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

14 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non- emerging growth companies but
any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such an extended transition period, which means that
when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth
company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison
of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which
has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards
used. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our shares of common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds
 250 million as of the end of the second fiscal quarter of that year, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed
fiscal year and the market value of our shares of common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the second
fiscal quarter of that year. 

We incur increased costs as a result of being a public
company in the US and our management devotes substantial time to public company compliance programs. 

As a public company in the US, we incur significant
legal, insurance, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. Sarbanes-Oxley, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on US public companies.
The Company needs to ensure its financial and management control systems are able to meet the requirements of a public company. Areas
such as financial planning and analysis, tax, corporate governance, accounting policies and procedures, internal controls, internal audit,
disclosure controls and procedures and financial reporting and accounting systems need to be compliant with reporting obligations. Our
management and administrative staff devote a substantial amount of time to compliance with these requirements. We may need to hire qualified
personnel to address these issues. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment
will result in increased general and administrative expenses and may divert management s time and attention away from product development
and other commercial activities. If for any reason our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities
intended by regulatory or governing bodies, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be harmed.
We intend to obtain directors and officers liability insurance coverage, which will increase our insurance cost significantly.
In the future, it may be more expensive for us to obtain directors and officers liability insurance, and we may be required
to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for
us to attract and retain qualified executive officers and qualified members of our Board of Directors, particularly to serve on our audit
committee and compensation committee. 

We are required to make a formal assessment of
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley and will require management to
certify financial and other information in our annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting. This assessment will need to include the disclosure of any material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting identified by our management or our independent registered public accounting firm. In this regard, we will need
to continue to dedicate internal resources, potentially engage outside consultants and adopt a detailed work plan to assess and document
the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting. We will also need to continue to improve our control processes as appropriate,
validate through testing that our controls are functioning as documented and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process
for our internal control over financial reporting. Despite our efforts, there is a risk that we will not be able to conclude, within the
prescribed timeframe or at all, that our internal control over financial reporting is effective as required by Section 404. Any material
weakness could result in an adverse reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our consolidated
financial statements. Our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting until the later of our second annual report or the first annual report required to be filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC following the date we are no longer an emerging growth company 
as defined in the JOBS Act. We cannot assure you that there will not be additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in
our internal controls in the future. 

15 

Although our common
stock is approved for trading on the OTCQB market, an active, liquid trading market for our common stock may not develop or be sustained.
If and when an active market develops the price of our common stock may be volatile. 

Our common stock is traded
on the OTCQB market. Currently there is a very limited trading in our stock and there is no assurance that an active market will develop.
In the absence of an active trading market, investors may have difficulty buying and selling or obtaining market quotations, market visibility
for shares of our common stock may be limited, and a lack of visibility for shares of our common stock may have a depressive effect on
the market price for shares of our common stock. The lack of an active market may also reduce the fair market value of our common stock.
Trading in stocks quoted on the OTC markets is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices, due to many factors
that may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. The securities market has from time to time experienced significant
price and volume fluctuations that are not related to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may
also materially and adversely affect the market price of shares of our common stock. Moreover, the OTCQB market is not a stock exchange
and is not an established market, and trading of securities is often more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on a national
stock exchange like Nasdaq. 

Our stock may be
traded infrequently and in low volumes, so you may be unable to sell your shares at or near the quoted bid prices if you need to sell
your shares. 

Until our common stock
is listed on a national securities exchange such as the Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange, we expect our common stock
to remain eligible for quotation on the OTC Markets, or on another over-the-counter quotation system, or in the pink sheets. 
In those venues, however, the shares of our common stock may trade infrequently and in low volumes, meaning that the number of persons
interested in purchasing our common shares at or near bid prices at any given time may be relatively small or non-existent. 

An investor may find it difficult to obtain
accurate quotations as to the market value of our common stock or to sell his or her shares at or near bid prices or at all. In addition,
if we fail to meet the criteria set forth in SEC regulations, various requirements would be imposed by law on broker-dealers who sell
our securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. Consequently, such regulations may deter broker-dealers
from recommending or selling our common stock, which may further affect the liquidity of our common stock. This would also make it more
difficult for us to raise capital. 

Future sales
of shares of our common stock or the perception that these sales may occur, may depress our stock price. 

The market price of our
common stock could decline significantly as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock in the market. In addition,
if our significant stockholders sell a large number of shares, or if we issue a large number of shares, the market price of our common
stock could decline. Any issuance of additional common stock, or common stock equivalents by us would result in dilution to our existing
shareholders. Such issuances could be made at a price that reflects a discount to the then-current trading price of our common stock.
Moreover, the perception in the public market that stockholders may sell shares of our stock or that we may issue additional shares of
common stock could depress the market for our shares and make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities at any time in the future
if at all. 

We may issue additional
shares of common stock and/or preferred stock without stockholder approval, which would dilute the current holders of our common stock.
In addition, the exercise or conversion of securities that may be granted in the future would further dilute holders of our common stock. 

Our Board of Directors
has authority, without action or vote of our shareholders, to issue shares of common and preferred stock. We may issue shares of our common
stock or preferred stock to complete a business combination or to raise capital. Such stock issuances could be made at a price that reflects
a discount from the then-current trading price of our common stock. These issuances would dilute our stockholders ownership interest,
which among other things would have the effect of reducing their influence on matters on which our stockholders vote. In addition, our
stockholders and prospective investors may incur additional dilution if holders of stock options and warrants, whether currently outstanding
or subsequently granted, exercise their options or warrants to purchase shares of our common stock. 

16 

The rights of the holders of our common stock may be impaired
by the potential issuance of preferred stock. 

We are authorized to issue up to of 5,000,000
shares of blank check preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share; however no preferred shares have been designated or issued
by the Company as of the date of this report. Our certificate of incorporation gives our Board of Directors the right to create one or
more new series of preferred stock. As a result, our Board of Directors may, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with
voting, dividend, conversion, liquidation or other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and equity interests of the holders
of our common stock. Preferred stock, which could be issued with the right to more than one vote per share, would dilute the rights of
our common stockholders and could be used to discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company, which could materially adversely
affect the price of our common stock. 

Our common stock may be subject to the penny
stock rules of the SEC and the trading market in the securities is limited, which makes transactions in the stock cumbersome and
may reduce the value of an investment in the stock. 

Rule 3a51-1 under the Exchange Act establishes
the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has a market price of less
than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving
a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: (a) that a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny
stocks; and (b) the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and
quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker
or dealer must: (a) obtain financial information and investment experience objectives of the person; and (b) make a reasonable determination
that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial
matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction
in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: (a) sets forth
the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and (b) confirms that the broker or dealer received a signed,
written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. Generally, brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities
subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause
a decline in the market value of our common stock. Disclosure also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both
public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions payable to both the broker or dealer and the registered representative,
current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions.
Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information
on the limited market in penny stocks. 

We do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We do not currently pay dividends and do not anticipate
paying any dividends for the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board
of Directors, subject to compliance with applicable laws and covenants under any future credit facility, which may restrict or limit our
ability to pay dividends. Payment of dividends will depend on our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, general
business conditions and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant at that time. Unless and until we declare and pay
dividends, any return on your investment will only occur if our share price appreciates. 

There is no guarantee
that our application to list our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market will be approved, and if our common stock are listed
on the Nasdaq Capital Market, there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the Nasdaq Capital Market s continued
listing standards. 

We have applied to list
our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols GMGT . There can be no assurance that the Nasdaq
Capital Market will approve our application for the listing of our common stock. The approval process for the listing of our
shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market, or any other exchange, involves factors beyond our control. Among other things, we will be required
to meet the Nasdaq Capital Market s threshold for stockholders equity, which will require us to raise additional capital,
of which there can be no assurance. We will also be required to meet minimum market value of unrestricted publicly held shares, minimum
share price and other listing criteria, of which there can be no assurance. 

17 

If our common stock is
approved for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market, there is no guarantee that we will be able to maintain such listing for any period
of time by perpetually satisfying the Nasdaq Capital Market s continued listing requirements. Our failure to continue to meet these
requirements may result in our securities being delisted from the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

The absence of such a
listing may adversely affect the acceptance of our common stock as currency or the value accorded by other parties. Further, if we are
delisted, we would incur additional costs under state blue sky laws in connection with any sales of our securities. These requirements
could severely limit the market liquidity of our common stock and the ability of our stockholders to sell our common stock in the secondary
market. If our common stock is delisted by the Nasdaq Capital Market, our common stock may be eligible to trade on an over-the-counter
quotation system, such as the OTCQB or the OTC Pink Market, where an investor may find it more difficult to sell our securities or obtain
accurate quotations as to the market value of our securities. In the event our common stock are delisted from the Nasdaq Capital Market
in the future, we may not be able to list our common stock on another national securities exchange or obtain quotation on an over-the
counter quotation system. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

The Company s address in Las Vegas is Two
Summerlin, Las Vegas Nevada 89135, USA, and our telephone number is +1 (833) 888-4648. The Company leases office facilities in Las Vegas,
Nevada on a month-to-month lease at a cost of 510 per month. 

The Company leases on a month to month basis a
corporate apartment in Miami Beach, Florida located at 540 West Avenue, #512, Miami Beach, Florida 33139, USA. 

The Company did not have any other leases with
initial terms of 12 months or more as of December 31, 2022. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

From time to time, we may become involved in litigation
relating to claims arising out of its operations in the normal course of business. During the past ten years, none of our officers, directors,
director nominees, promoters or control persons have been involved in any legal proceedings as described in Item 401(f) of Regulation
S-K except as set forth herein. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

18 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Since June 14, 2021,
our common stock has been quoted on the OTCQB market under the trading symbol GMGT. At present, there is a very limited
market for our common stock, and there is as yet no established trading market for our common stock. Quotations on the OTCQB reflect inter-dealer
prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

The following table sets
forth the high and low sale prices of one share of our common stock for each fiscal quarter since April 13, 2021, (when our common stock
began trading on the OTC Pink market) as provided by OTC Markets Group, Inc. 

Fiscal Year 2022 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 3.12 
 1.91 
 
 Second Quarter 
 2.55 
 0.01 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.75 
 0.25 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.26 
 0.13 

Fiscal Year 2021 
 High 
 Low 
 
 Second Quarter (from April 13, 2021) 
 7.00 
 4.70 
 
 Third Quarter 
 4.60 
 2.25 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 3.23 
 2.09 

The last reported sale price of our common stock
on the OTCQB on April 14, 2023, was 0.15. Past price performance is not indicative of future price performance. 

We have applied to list our common stock on the
Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol GMGT . No assurance can be given that our application will be accepted. 

Holders 

As of March 28, 2023, there were 89 holders of
record of our common stock. The number of stockholders of record does not include certain beneficial owners of our common stock, whose
shares are held in the names of various dealers, clearing agencies, banks, brokers and other fiduciaries. 

Dividends 

We have never paid a cash dividend on our common
stock since inception. The payment of dividends may be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors, and will depend upon, but not
limited to, our operations, capital requirements, and overall financial condition. 

We do not anticipate paying cash dividends on
our common stock in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on earnings, financial condition
and other business and economic factors affecting it at such time as the Board of Directors may consider relevant. We intend to follow
a policy of retaining all of our earnings to finance the development and execution of our strategy and the expansion of our business.
If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will occur only if our stock price
appreciates. 

19 

Item 6. [Reserved]. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements
and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis here and
throughout this Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The Company s actual
results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including, but
not limited to, those set forth under Item 1A Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Overview 

The Company is a software company specializing
in online gaming. It is headquartered in Las Vegas with offices in London and Mexico City. 

The Company s activities are subject to
significant risks and uncertainties, including the need for additional capital, as described below. The Company commenced revenue-generating
operations in February 2021, does not have positive cash flows from operations, and is dependent on periodic infusions of equity capital
to fund its operating requirements. 

Background and Basis of Presentation 

Gaming Technologies,
Inc. was incorporated in the State of Delaware on July 23, 2019 under the name Dito, Inc. and on December 21, 2020 amended its name to
Gaming Technologies, Inc. Effective as of March 18, 2020, Gaming Technologies, Inc. completed a Share Exchange Agreement (the Exchange
Agreement to acquire all of the outstanding ordinary shares of Gaming Technologies UK that provided for each outstanding ordinary
share of Gaming Technologies UK to be effectively converted into 25 shares of common stock of Gaming Technologies, Inc., As a result,
Gaming Technologies UK became our wholly-owned subsidiary in a recapitalization transaction, as described below. Gaming Technologies UK
was originally formed on November 3, 2017, in the United Kingdom as Dito UK Limited for the purpose of software development. 

For financial reporting purposes, the Exchange
Agreement was accounted for as a combination of entities under common control (the Combination ), as Gaming Technologies,
Inc. was formed by Gaming Technologies UK, with the objective of Gaming Technologies UK becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Gaming Technologies,
Inc., and the resultant parent company being domiciled in the United States. As a result of the Combination, the former stockholders of
Gaming Technologies UK became the controlling shareholders of Dito, Inc., and the Gaming Technologies UK management and board members
became the management and board members of Gaming Technologies, Inc. 

As discussed above, our Board of Directors and
our stockholders have approved a reverse split of our common stock in a range between 1-for-2 and 1-for-8. Such reverse split, if any,
would be effected prior to the listing of our common stock on Nasdaq, if our listing application is approved. The share and per share
information in this report has not been adjusted to reflect any reverse stock split. 

20 

Going Concern 

The Company s consolidated financial
statements have been presented on the basis that the Company is a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and
satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements,
the Company has had no significant operating revenues to date, and has experienced recurring net losses from operations and negative
operating cash flows. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a net loss of 4,299,860, utilized cash in
operating activities of 1,167,255, and had a stockholders deficit of 4,467,332 as of December 31, 2022. The Company has
financed its working capital requirements since inception through the sale of its equity securities and from borrowings. 

At December 31, 2022,
the Company had cash of 372,507. The Company estimates that a significant amount of capital will be necessary over a sustained period
of time to advance the development of the Company's business to the point at which it can become commercially viable and self-sustaining.
However, there can be no assurances that the Company will be successful in this regard. 

As a result, management
has concluded that there is substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date that
the accompanying consolidated financial statements are issued. In addition, the Company's independent registered public accounting firm,
in their report on the Company s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, has also expressed substantial
doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent
upon the Company's ability to raise additional funds and implement its business plan, and to ultimately achieve sustainable operating
revenues and profitability. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary
if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

On May 18, 2022 an event of default occurred due
to our failure to make interest payments on our 10 Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Note in the principal amount of
 1,666,666.67 (the Convertible Note ). As a result of the default, the Company was accessed a default penalty of 231,250.
On November 8, 2022, the Convertible Note was amended to change the maturity date until February 15, 2023. 

In exchange, the
Company agreed to increase the warrant coverage from 120 of the original face amount of the note to 210 of the original face value
of the note. As a result, warrants to issued an additional 545,454 shares were issued to the lender and the interest rate on the Convertible
Note increased to 18 annually. On March 29, 2023, the due date of the note was extended to October 15, 2023. The Company agreed to issue
500,000 shares of its common stock to the note holder in exchange for the due date extension. See Convertible Note Financing 
below for additional information on the Convertible Note and related agreements. 

The development and expansion
of the Company s business in 2023 and thereafter will be dependent on many factors, including the capital resources available to
the Company. No assurances can be given that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are
satisfactory to the Company or adequate to fund the development and expansion of the Company s business to a level that is commercially
viable and self-sustaining. There is also significant uncertainty as to the affect that the coronavirus pandemic may have on the availability,
amount and type of financing in the future. 

If cash resources are
insufficient to satisfy the Company s ongoing cash requirements, the Company would be required to scale back or discontinue its
operations, obtain funds, if available, although there can be no certainty, through strategic alliances that may require the Company to
relinquish rights to its technology, or to discontinue its operations entirely. 

21 

Critical Accounting
Policies and Estimates 

The following discussion
and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon the Company s consolidated financial statements for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 presented elsewhere in this report, which have been prepared in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the US GAAP ). Certain accounting policies and estimates are particularly important to
the understanding of the Company s financial position and results of operations and require the application of significant judgment
by management or can be materially affected by changes from period to period in economic factors or conditions that are outside of the
Company s control. As a result, these issues are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. In applying these policies, management
uses its judgment to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in the determination of certain estimates. Those estimates are based
on the Company s historical operations, the future business plans and the projected financial results, the terms of existing contracts,
trends in the industry, and information available from other outside sources. For a more complete description of the Company s significant
accounting policies, see Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. 

Software Development Costs 

Due to the significant uncertainty with respect
to the successful development of commercially viable products based on the Company s development efforts, all software development
costs incurred with respect to the Company s mobile gaming platform are charged to operations as incurred. 

Intellectual Property 

Intellectual property, consisting of software,
is recorded at cost. Amortization of intellectual property is provided using the straight-line method over an estimated useful life of
three years. 

The Company recognizes amortization of intellectual
property in software development costs in the Company s consolidated statement of operations. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes
revenue in accordance with ASC Topic 606, Revenue From Contracts With Customers . ASC Topic 606 requires companies to recognize
revenue in a manner that depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In addition, the standard requires disclosures of
the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. Revenue is recognized based
on the following five step model: 

Identification of the contract with a customer 

Identification of the performance obligations in the contract 

Determination of the transaction price 

Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract 

Recognition of revenue when, or as, the Company satisfies a performance obligation 

22 

Stock-Based Compensation 

The Company issues common
stock and intends to issue stock options to officers, directors and consultants for services rendered. Options will vest and expire according
to terms established at the issuance date of each grant. Stock grants, which are generally time vested, will be measured at the grant
date fair value and charged to operations ratably over the vesting period. 

The fair value of stock
options granted as stock-based compensation will be determined utilizing the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, and can be affected by
several variables, the most significant of which are the life of the equity award, the exercise price of the stock option as compared
to the fair market value of the common stock on the grant date, and the estimated volatility of the common stock. Estimated volatility
will be based on the historical volatility of the Company s common stock over an appropriate calculation period, or, if not available,
by reference to the volatility of a representative sample of comparable public companies. The risk-free interest rate will be based on
the US Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The fair market value of the common stock will be determined by reference
to the quoted market price of the Company s common stock on the grant date, or, if not available, by reference to an appropriate
alternative valuation methodology. 

The Company will recognize
the fair value of stock-based compensation awards in general and administrative costs or in software development costs, as appropriate,
in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The Company will issue new shares of common stock to satisfy stock option
exercises. 

As of December 31, 2022,
the Company did not have any outstanding stock options. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit
Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ). ASU 2016-13 significantly
changes how entities measure credit losses for most financial assets, including accounts and notes receivables. ASU 2016-13 will replace
the current incurred loss approach with an expected loss model, under which companies will recognize allowances
based on expected rather than incurred losses. Entities will apply the provisions of ASU 2016-13 as a cumulative-effect adjustment to
retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which ASU 2016-13 is effective. As small business filer, ASU 2016-13
will be effective for the Company for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2022. Management is currently
in the process of assessing the impact of adopting ASU-2016-13 on the Company s financial statements and related disclosures. 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt
- Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic
815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ). ASU
2020-06 will simplify the accounting for convertible instruments by reducing the number of accounting models for convertible debt instruments
and convertible preferred stock. Limiting the accounting models results in fewer embedded conversion features being separately recognized
from the host contract as compared with current GAAP. Convertible instruments that continue to be subject to separation models are (1)
those with embedded conversion features that are not clearly and closely related to the host contract, that meet the definition of a derivative,
and that do not qualify for a scope exception from derivative accounting and (2) convertible debt instruments issued with substantial
premiums for which the premiums are recorded as paid-in capital. ASU 2020-06 also amends the guidance for the derivatives scope exception
for contracts in an entity s own equity to reduce form-over-substance-based accounting conclusions. ASU 2020-06 will be effective
for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption
is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal years.
Management has not yet evaluated the effect that the adoption of ASU 2020-06 will have on the Company s consolidated financial statement
presentation or disclosures subsequent to its adoption. 

23 

Other recent accounting pronouncements issued
by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and the Securities and
Exchange Commission, did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company s present or future consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures. 

Plan of Operation 

We are a gaming company specializing in building
and scaling online gambling brands. We integrate best-in-class third-party casino games and sports betting to our online brands. 

The Company operates Vale, a licensed online Casino
and Sportsbook in Mexico, through its website vale.net, which is provided in conjunction with a local license holder, The Fabulous Vegas
Games S.A. de C.V. 

On December 15, 2022 we entered into a Commercial Association Agreement
for the use of a gambling permit owned by The Fabulous Vegas Games S.A. de C.V. 

The license permits us to operate our brand Vale as approved by General
Directorate of Games and Raffles of the Ministry of Interior (SEGOB). 

Vale integrates over 500 online premium casino games as well as sports
betting, through an external software partner, Game Interaction Group BV. These games can be enjoyed via mobile or desktop. Players can
receive promotions and play live roulette and blackjack, or high-definition slots from leading software providers such as NetEnt, Microgaming,
Pragmatic Play, Evolution and Matrix Studios. We are responsible for player acquisition, promotion and retention. We manage players 
accounts and are required to ensure that the balance in players accounts at all times satisfies the requirements under applicable
law, and we pay out winnings to players from a local dedicated bank account under our own control. 

Under the terms of the agreement with Fabulous Vegas Games, we share
8 of Net Win generated from the platform, or a minimum of six thousand USD per month. In February 2021, vale.mx began operations. Net
Win is defined as a calculation of the total income from gaming (revenues minus prizes, minus platform expenses, minus redeemed bonuses). 

Under the terms of the agreement with Game Interaction Group, we share
a percentage of Gross Gaming Revenue, which is 12 for sportsbook, and 3 for casino games, skill games, poker virtual games. There
is a minimum monthly fee of 9,000 EUR. 

On April 14, 2021, we
entered into a Sponsorship Agreement (the Canelo Agreement with SA Holiday, Inc. Holiday ), owner of the
personality rights of champion professional boxer Saul Alvarez Barragan, or Canelo, in connection with a promotional campaign
for the Corporation to sponsor a prize fight and certain other activities of Canelo, and for Canelo to promote the Corporation s
 VALE brand and create certain promotional materials in connection therewith for the Corporation s use in the United
States, Latin America and certain countries in the Caribbean. 

Convertible Note Financing 

On November 18, 2021,
we entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor for the sale of a secured
convertible note and warrants. We received aggregate gross proceeds of 1,500,000 and issued (i) the Convertible Note in the principal
amount of 1,666,666.67 (the Convertible Note and (ii) warrants (the Convertible Note Warrants to purchase
an aggregate of 727,273 shares of our common stock. 

The Convertible Note .
The Convertible Note bears interest at a rate of 10 per year, payable monthly commencing after the third month following the issuance
date, and matures 12 months from issuance. The principal and interest are convertible at any time, at the option of the holder, into shares
of common stock at a conversion price equal to the lower of (i) 2.75 per share and (ii) the price of the common stock of the Company
in a Qualified Offering (subject to adjustment as provided in the Convertible Note). A Qualified Offering is an equity or
equity-linked financing for the account of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or debt financing that results in cumulative aggregate
proceeds to the Company of at least 8,000,000. The principal and interest on the Convertible Note will be amortized on a straight-line
basis commencing sixth months after the closing. 

24 

The conversion price
of the Convertible Note is subject to adjustment in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations,
reclassifications or similar events affecting the common stock and also upon any distributions of assets, including cash, stock or other
property to the Company s stockholders. With certain customary exceptions, if, at any time while the Convertible Note is outstanding,
the Company sells or grants any option to purchase or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces
any sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition), any common stock or common stock equivalents entitling any person to
acquire shares of common stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the then conversion price of the Convertible Note (such
lower price, the Base Conversion Price, then the conversion price of the Convertible Note will be reduced to equal
the Base Conversion Price. 

We have the right
at any time to prepay in cash all or a portion of the Convertible Note at 115 (or 120 on or after the first three months from the closing)
of the principal amount thereof plus any unpaid accrued interest to the date of repayment. In such event, the holder will have the right
to convert the Convertible Note prior to the date of any such prepayment. 

We will be required to
offer to prepay in cash the aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Note at 115 (or 120 on or after the first three months from
the closing) of the principal amount thereof plus any unpaid accrued interest to the date of repayment, on the sale of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, upon a Change of Control (as defined in the Convertible Note), or on a Qualified
Offering. In such event, the holder shall have the right to convert the Convertible Note prior to the date of any such prepayment. 

Upon an Event of Default
(as defined in the Convertible Note), interest will accrue at 1 1/2 per month and 125 of principal and interest through maturity shall
be due and payable. At the holder s option, the holder will be entitled to be paid in cash or common stock with the conversion price
of the common stock equal to a 30 discount to the average of the three lowest closing prices of the common stock for the 10 prior trading
days. 

On May 18, 2022 an event of default occurred due
to our failure to make interest payments on our 10 Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Note in the principal amount of
 1,666,666.67 (the Convertible Note ). As a result of the default, the Company was accessed a default penalty of 231,250.
On November 8, 2022, the Convertible Note was amended to change the maturity date until February 15, 2023. In exchange, the Company agreed
to increase the warrant coverage from 120 of the original face amount of the note to 210 of the original face value of the note. As
a result, warrants to issued an additional 545,454 shares were issued to the lender and the interest rate on the Convertible Note increased
to 18 annually. On March 29, 2023, the due date of the note was extended to October 15, 2023. The Company agreed to issue 500,000 shares
of its common stock to the note holder in exchange for the due date extension. 

The Convertible Note
Warrants . The Convertible Note Warrants are exercisable at an exercise price equal to the lower of (x) 2.75 per share and (y) the
price of the common stock of the Company in a Qualified Offering (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), subject to adjustment as described
below, and the Convertible Note Warrants are exercisable for five years after the issuance date. The Convertible Note Warrants are exercisable
for cash at any time and are exercisable on a cashless basis at any time there is no effective registration statement registering the
shares of common stock underlying the Convertible Note Warrants. The exercise price of the Convertible Note Warrants is subject to adjustment
in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting
the common stock and also upon any distributions of assets, including cash, stock or other property to the Company s stockholders.
The exercise price of the Convertible Note Warrants is also subject to full ratchet price adjustment if the Company issues
common stock or equivalents at a price per share lower than the then-current exercise price of the Convertible Note Warrant, as described
above for the conversion price of the Convertible Note. 

Ancillary Agreements .
In connection with the Company s obligations under the Convertible Notes, the Company and its subsidiary Gaming Technology Limited
(the Subsidiary each entered into a security agreement with the holder, pursuant to which the Company and the Subsidiary
granted a security interest on all assets of the Company and the Subsidiary, including the stock of the Subsidiary, for the benefit of
the holders, to secure, and the Subsidiary guaranteed, the Company s obligations under the Convertible Note, the Convertible Note
Warrant and the other transaction documents. In addition, the holder was granted customary piggyback registration rights for the shares
of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Note and exercise of the Convertible Note Warrant and rights of participation. 

25 

Right of Participation. At
any time within the 18 month period following closing, upon any issuance by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of debt or common stock
or common stock equivalents for cash consideration, indebtedness or a combination of units thereof, other than in an underwritten public
offering (a Subsequent Financing ), the investor will have the right to participate up to its investment amount in the Convertible
Note, but not more than 25 of the Subsequent Financing, on the same terms, conditions and price provided for in the Subsequent Financing. 

Warrants for Waivers. In
November 2021, we also issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of 179,566 shares of common stock to investors in our August 2021 private
placement in exchange for their granting a waiver of their anti-dilution and most favored nation rights in respect of the Convertible
Note transaction describe above. These warrants have substantially the same terms as the Convertible Note Warrants described above. 

Key Performance Indicators 

Registered Players 

A registered player is
a customer who has registered on our app or website and met the Know Your Customer customer identification requirements, which include
identity and address verification KYC requirements ). During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we registered 19,183
and 108,206 players, respectively. On October 4, 2021, we announced we had reached 100,000 registrations. 

Monthly Unique Payers 

Monthly Unique Payers MUPs . MUPs is the average number of unique paid users unique payers that use our online games on a
monthly basis. 

MUPs is a key indicator
of the scale of our user base and awareness of our brand, and/or the third-party brands we partner with. We believe that year-over-year
MUPs will also generally be indicative of the long-term revenue growth potential of the online gaming brands we hold directly and/or those
we establish around our B2B brand partners, although MUPs in individual periods may be less indicative of our longer-term expectations.
We expect the number of MUPs to grow as we attract, retain and re-engage users in new and existing jurisdictions and expand the online
gambling brands we operate to appeal to a wider audience. 

We define MUPs as the
average number of unique payers per month who had a paid engagement e.g. , participated in a casino game) across one or more of
our product offerings via our platform technology. For reported periods longer than one month, we average the MUPs for the months in the
reported period. 

A unique paid
user or unique payer is any person who had one or more paid engagements via our B2C technology during the period i.e. , a user that participates in a paid engagement with one of our B2C product offerings counts as a single unique paid user
or unique payer for the period). We exclude users who have made a deposit but have not yet had a paid engagement. Unique payers or unique
paid users include users who have participated in a paid engagement with promotional incentives, which are fungible with other funds deposited
in their wallets on our technology. The number of these users included in MUPs has not been material to date and a substantial majority
of such users are repeat users who have had paid engagements both prior to and after receiving incentives. 

26 

During the years ending
December 31, 2022 and 2021, our MUPs were 519 and 3,251, respectively. The increase was due to the initiation of revenue generating activities
in February 2021. 

Average Revenue per
MUP ARPMUP ). ARPMUP is the average online casino revenue per MUP, and this key metric represents our ability to
drive usage and monetization of our online casino offering. 

During the years ending
December 31, 2022 and 2021, our ARPMUP was 198.99 and 51.64, respectively. 

We define and calculate
ARPMUP as the average monthly online casino revenue for a reporting period, divided by MUPs i.e. , the average number of unique
payers) for the same period. 

Handle 

Handle is a casino or
sports betting term referring to the total amount of money bet. We will report the handle or cash wagering which is the total
amount of money bet excluding all bonuses. 

During the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, our handle was 2,759,057 and 6,313,132, respectively. 

Hold 

Hold is essentially the
amount of cash that our platform instances keep after paying out winning bets. The industry also refers to hold as win or revenue. During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our hold was 125,996 and 288,848, respectively. 

Online games are characterized
by an element of chance. Our revenue is impacted by variations in the hold percentage (the ratio of net win to total amount wagered) on
bets placed on, or the actual outcome of, games or events on which users bet. Although our product offerings generally perform within
a defined statistical range of outcomes, actual outcomes may vary for any given period, and a single large bet can have a sizeable impact
on our short-term financial performance. Our hold is also affected by factors that are beyond our control, such as a user s skill,
experience and behavior, the mix of games played, the financial resources of users and the volume of bets placed. As a result of variability
in these factors, actual hold rates on our products may differ from the theoretical win rates we have estimated and could result in the
winnings of our gaming users exceeding those anticipated. 

We seek to mitigate these
risks through data science and analytics and rules built into our technology, as well as active management of our amounts at risk at a
point in time, but may not always be able to do so successfully, particularly over short periods, which can result in financial losses
as well as revenue volatility. 

During the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, our hold percentage was 4.57 and 4.58 , respectively. 

27 

Results of Operations for the Years Ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

In February 2021, our
online casino, vale.mx, began operations. However, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any positive cash flows
from operations and was dependent on its ability to raise equity capital to fund its operating requirements. 

Revenues 

The Company began generating
revenue in February 2021. Revenues consist of the net gaming revenues from the Company s vale.mx online casino based in Mexico.
Total revenues were 102,816 and 167,875 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease of 65,059 for the
year ended December 31, 2022 is due to a reduction in marketing and advertising spending in support of the online casino. 

Cost of Revenues 

The Company began generating
costs of revenues in February 2021. Cost of revenues consist of the direct costs of operating vale.mx, our online casino based in Mexico.
Total costs of revenues were 467,546 and 857,709 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decreases of 390,163
was due to a corresponding reduction in revenue. 

Operating Expenses 

The Company generally
recognizes operating costs and expenses as they are incurred in two general categories, software development costs and expenses, and general
and administrative costs and expenses. The Company s operating costs and expenses also include non-cash components related to depreciation
and amortization of property and equipment, and intellectual property, which are allocated, as appropriate, to software development costs
and expenses and general and administrative costs and expenses. 

Software development
costs and expenses consist primarily of fees paid to consultants and amortization of intellectual property. Management expects software
costs and expenses to increase in the future as the Company increases its efforts to develop technology for potential future products
based on its technology and research. 

General and administrative
costs and expenses consist of fees for directors and officers, and their affiliates, as well as legal and other professional fees, depreciation
and amortization of property and equipment, lease and rent expense, and other general corporate expenses. Management expects general and
administrative costs and expenses to increase in future periods as the Company adds personnel and incurs additional costs related to its
operation as a public company, including higher legal, accounting, insurance, compliance, compensation and other costs. 

28 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The Company s consolidated statements of
operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as discussed herein, are presented below. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 
 102,816 
 167,875 
 
 Costs and expenses: 

Cost of revenues 
 467,546 
 857,709 
 
 Software development, including amortization of intellectual
 property of 6,817 and 38,202 in 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 (263,923 
 185,789 
 
 General and administrative: 

Officers, directors, affiliates, and other related parties 
 648,698 
 728,757 
 
 Advertising and marketing 
 108,659 
 5,693,017 
 
 Impairment of intangible assets 
 186,584 

Other (including stock compensation costs of 570,054 and 3,409,214 in 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 1,596,687 
 5,314,876 
 
 Total costs and expenses 
 2,744,251 
 12,780,148 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (2,641,435 
 (12,612,273 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 
 (1,657,575 
 (283,754 
 
 Foreign currency loss 
 (850 
 (78 
 
 Total other expense, net 
 (1,658,425 
 (283,832 
 
 Net loss 
 (4,299,860 
 (12,896,105 

Revenues . In February 2021, our online
casino, vale.mx, began operations. The Company recognized 102,816 and 167,875 in revenue during the years ending December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. 

Cost of Revenues: The
Company began generating costs of revenues in February 2021. Cost of revenues consist of the direct costs of operating and marketing vale.mx,
our online casino based in Mexico. Total costs of revenues were 467,546 and 857,709 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. The decrease of 390,163 was due to a reduction in marketing and advertising spending in support of the online casino. 

Software
Development Costs and Expenses . For the year ended December 31, 2022, software
development costs and expenses were (263,923), which consisted of a research and development tax refund we received in the United Kingdom
of 281,600 which was offset against software development costs, payments to contractors of 10,860, and amortization of intellectual
property of 6,817. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, software
development costs and expenses were 185,789, which consisted of development costs paid to contractors of 147,587 and amortization of
intellectual property of 38,202. 

Software development costs and expenses decreased
by 449,712 or 242 in 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily as a result of the research and development tax credit of 281,600 received
in 2022 and a decrease in payments to contractors of 136,727. 

29 

General and Administrative Costs and Expenses .
For the year ended December 31, 2022, general and administrative costs and expenses were 2,540,628, which consisted of director, consulting,
and professional fees to officers, directors, affiliates, and other related parties of 648,698, marketing and advertising expense of
 108,659, impairment of intangible assets of 186,584, stock compensation expense of 570,054, consulting fees of 369,981, legal and
accounting fees to non-related parties of 333,768, and other operating costs of 322,884. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, general
and administrative costs and expenses were 11,736,650, which consisted of director, consulting, and professional fees to officers, directors,
affiliates, and other related parties of 728,757, marketing and advertising expense of 5,693,017, stock compensation expense of 3,409,214,
consulting fees of 1,050,020, legal and accounting fees to non-related parties of 510,548, and other operating costs of 345,094. 

General and administrative costs decreased by
 9,616,022 or 82 in 2022 as compared to 2021, primarily as a result of decreases in marketing and advertising expense of 5,584,358 and
consulting fees of 1,075,039, and a decrease in stock compensation expense of 2,839,160. 

Interest Expense . For the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company had interest expense of 1,657,575, as compared to interest expense of 283,754 for the year ended December 31,
2021, primarily as a result of interest, penalties, and discount amortization related to convertible notes payable and notes payable. 

Foreign Currency Gain (Loss) . For the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company had a foreign currency loss of 850, as compared to a foreign currency loss of 78 for the year
ended December 31, 2021, as a result of an decrease in the value of the GB Pound compared to the US Dollar. 

Net Loss . For the year ended December 31,
2022, the Company incurred a net loss of 4,299,860, as compared to a net loss of 12,896,105 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021 

The Company s consolidated financial statements
have been presented on the basis that the Company is a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of
liabilities in the normal course of business. As reflected in Item 6 Selected Financial Data ), the Company has had
no operating revenues to date, and has experienced recurring net losses from operations and negative operating cash flows. The Company
has financed its working capital requirements since inception through the sale of its equity securities and from borrowings. 

As a result, management has concluded that there
is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date that the consolidated
financial statements are being issued. In addition, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, in their report
on the Company s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, has also expressed substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern (see Going Concern ). 

The ability of the Company to continue as a going
concern is dependent upon the Company s ability to raise additional funds and implement its business plan, and to ultimately achieve
sustainable operating revenues and profitability. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a working
capital deficit of 4,737,492, as compared to working capital of 2,113,765 as of December 31, 2021, reflecting a decrease in working
capital of 2,623,727 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in working capital during the year ended December 31, 2022 was
primarily the result of increase in accounts payable and notes payable as the Company s ability to raise capital was hampered in
the second half of 2022 due to uncertainty in the capital markets. 

30 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash
of 372,507, reflecting the remaining balance of cash from the net proceeds from the private placement of the Company s common stock
of 905,150 in November and December 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had cash of 406,526, reflecting the remaining cash from
the proceeds of a convertible note payable in the amount of 1,666,667 in November 2021. 

Management believes that
the cash on hand will be sufficient to fund the Company s operations only until April 2023, after which we will need to raise additional
funding. The Company has deferred payments and reduced costs in order to conserve cash until it is able to raise additional capital. No
assurance can be given that we will be successful in raising the required capital at reasonable cost and at the required times, or at
all. Our ability to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings or other sources may depend on the commercial success of
our software and financial, economic and market conditions and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. 

In February 2021, the Company began earning revenues,
however they are not a level sufficient to support the Company s operations. The Company estimates that its working capital requirements
for the next twelve months to be approximately 4,800,000, or 400,000 per month. 

The working capital budget
will enable the Company to support the existing monthly operating costs of the Company of approximately 400,000 per month, consisting
of monthly (and quarterly) accounting and US securities filing costs estimated at 20,000 per month and a sales and marketing budget of
 250,000 per month to engage in a sales and marketing campaign to sell licenses of the Company s software platform to third parties
and attach customers to its online casino based in Mexico. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company
completed a series of private placements of its common stock, with proceeds totaling 905,150. In addition, the Company is planning
additional capital raises over the remainder of the calendar year to fund operations as it ramps up revenues, however, there can be no
assurances such raises will be successful The Company believes that its existing working capital will be sufficient to fund the Company s
operations for the next three months. 

Since acquiring the software
platform, the Company has successfully carried out development to port the software platform from its former physical server dependencies
and reliance on third parties for hardware management and deployment to a cloud-based platform where deployment is automated through the
use of infrastructure as code. To make the Company s software platform work for business-to-business (B2B) licensees, the Company
has modified the software to enable remote management by system administrators of prospective licensees. Previously, the platform was
business to consumer (B2C) focused, with outsourced management and deployment. As a result of this software development, the Company expects
to be able to monetize its software platform by selling licenses to third parties. 

The Company s ability
to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings or other sources may depend on the stage of development of the software platform,
the commercial success of the software, and financial, economic and market conditions and other factors, some of which are beyond the
Company s control. No assurance can be given that the Company will be successful in raising the required capital at reasonable cost
and at the required times, or at all. Further equity financings may have a dilutive effect on shareholders and any debt financing, if
available, may require restrictions to be placed on the Company s future financing and operating activities. If the Company requires
additional capital and is unsuccessful in raising that capital, the Company may not be able to continue the development of its software
platform and continue to advance its growth initiatives, or ultimately to be able to continue its business operations, which could adversely
impact the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Operating Activities 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, operating
activities utilized cash of 1,167,255, as compared to utilized cash of 8,036,300 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to fund the Company s
ongoing operating expenses. 

31 

Investing Activities 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s
investing activities consisted of a software license of 150,000 and property and equipment of 10,657. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s
investing activities consisted of the acquisition of intellectual property for 169,564 and property and equipment of 9,194. 

Financing Activities 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s
financing activities consisted of proceeds from the private placement of 3,960,600 shares of Common Stock of 905,150, proceeds
from notes payable to investors of 370,000, offset by the repayment of 7,349 of a note payable with a bank. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s
financing activities consisted of proceeds from the private placement of 2,155,294 shares of Common Stock of 5,221,325, net proceeds
from a convertible note payable to bank of 1,500,000, offset by the repayment of 5,445 of a note payable with a bank. 

Principal Commitments 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have
any transactions, obligations or relationships that could be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Trends, Events and Uncertainties 

Development of new software is, by its nature,
unpredictable. Although the Company will undertake development efforts with commercially reasonable diligence, there can be no assurance
that the Company s efforts to raise funds in the future will be sufficient to enable the Company to develop its technology to the
extent needed to create future revenues to sustain operations as contemplated herein. 

There can be no assurances that the Company s
technology will be adopted or that the Company will ever achieve sustainable revenues sufficient to support its operations. Even if the
Company is able to generate revenues, there can be no assurances that the Company will be able to achieve profitability or positive operating
cash flows. There can be no assurances that the Company will be able to secure additional financing on acceptable terms or at all. If
cash resources are insufficient to satisfy the Company s ongoing cash requirements, the Company would be required to scale back
or discontinue its software development programs, or obtain funds, if available (although there can be no certainty), through strategic
alliances that may require the Company to relinquish rights to certain of its potential products, or to curtail or discontinue its operations
entirely. 

Other than as discussed above and elsewhere in
this Form 10-K, the Company is not currently aware of any trends, events or uncertainties that are likely to have a material effect on
the Company s financial condition in the near term, although it is possible that new trends or events may develop in the future
that could have a material effect on the Company s financial condition. 

32 

Impact of COVID-19 on the Company 

The global outbreak of COVID-19 has led to severe
disruptions in general economic activities, as businesses and governments have taken broad actions to mitigate this public health crisis.
Although the Company has not experienced any significant disruption to its business to date, these conditions could significantly negatively
impact the Company s business in the future. 

The extent to which the COVID-19 outbreak ultimately
impacts the Company s business, future revenues, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of the outbreak, its severity
and longevity, the actions to curtail the virus and treat its impact (including an effective vaccine), and how quickly and to what extent
normal economic and operating conditions can resume. Even after the COVID-19 outbreak has subsided, the Company may be at risk of experiencing
a significant impact to its business as a result of the global economic impact, including any economic downturn or recession that has
occurred or may occur in the future. 

Currently, capital markets have been disrupted
by the crisis, as a result of which the availability, amount and type of financing available to the Company in the near future is uncertain
and cannot be assured and is largely dependent upon evolving market conditions and other factors. 

The Company intends to continue to monitor the
situation and may adjust its current business plans as more information and guidance become available. 

Other than as discussed above and elsewhere in
this Form 10-K, the Company is not currently aware of any trends, events or uncertainties that are likely to have a material effect on
the Company s financial condition in the near term, although it is possible that new trends or events may develop in the future
that could have a material effect on the Company s financial condition. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

A smaller reporting company is not required
to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

Our consolidated financial statements are listed
on the Index to Financial Statements on this annual report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1. 

All financial statement schedules are omitted
because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

33 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Our disclosure controls and procedures (as such
term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are designed to reasonably ensure that information required to
be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is: (1) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms; and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. A control system, no
matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance that it will detect or uncover failures within the Company
to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in our periodic reports. Inherent limitations to any system of disclosure
controls and procedures include, but are not limited to, the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of such controls
by one or more persons. In addition, we have designed our system of controls based on certain assumptions, which we believe are reasonable,
about the likelihood of future events, and our system of controls may therefore not achieve its desired objectives under all possible
future events. 

Management Assessment of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley requires annual
management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our management assessed the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and concluded that we had a material weakness in our internal
controls due to our limited resources and therefore our disclosure controls and procedures may not be effective in providing material
information required to be included in any future periodic SEC filings on a timely basis and to ensure that information required to be
disclosed in any future periodic SEC filings is accumulated and communicated to our management to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure about our internal control over financial reporting. More specifically, our internal control over financial reporting was not
effective due to material weaknesses related to a segregation of duties due to our limited resources and limited staff. 

In addition, as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, our management concluded that we had a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting. A control system, no matter
how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance that it will detect or uncover failures within the Company to disclose
material information otherwise required to be set forth in our periodic reports. Inherent limitations to any system of disclosure controls
and procedures include, but are not limited to, the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of such controls by
one or more persons. In addition, we have designed our system of controls based on certain assumptions, which we believe are reasonable,
about the likelihood of future events, and our system of controls may therefore not achieve its desired objectives under all possible
future events. 

Description of Material Weaknesses and Management s
Remediation Initiatives 

As of the date of this report, our remediation
efforts continue related to each of the material weaknesses that we have identified in our internal control over financial reporting,
and additional time and resources will be required in order to fully address these material weaknesses. We have not been able to complete
all actions necessary and test the remediated controls in a manner that would enable us to conclude that such controls are effective.
We are committed to implementing the necessary controls to remediate the material weaknesses described below as our resources permit.
These material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until (1) the new processes are designed, appropriately controlled and implemented
for a sufficient period of time and (2) we have sufficient evidence that the new processes and related controls are operating effectively.
The following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting were identified by management as of December 31, 2022: 

34 

Ineffective Control Environment. The
Company did not maintain an effective control environment, which is the foundation necessary for effective internal control over financial
reporting. Specifically, the Company (i) did not maintain a functioning independent audit committee; (ii) did not have its Board of Directors
review and approve significant transactions; (iii) had an insufficient number of personnel appropriately qualified to perform control
design, execution and monitoring activities; (iv) had an insufficient number of personnel with an appropriate level of U.S. GAAP knowledge
and experience and ongoing training in the application of U.S. GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements commensurate with the Company s
financial reporting requirements; (v) had inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; and (vi) lack of written
documentation of the Company s key internal control policies and procedures over financial reporting. The Company is required under
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act to have written documentation of key internal controls over financial reporting. The Company did
not formally document policies and controls to enable management and other personnel to understand and carry out their internal control
responsibilities including the lack of closing checklists, budget-to-actual analyses, balance sheet variation analysis, and pro-forma
financial statements. Additionally, the Company did not have an adequate process in place to complete its testing and assessment of the
design and operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in a timely manner; 

Ineffective controls over financial
statement close and reporting process. The Company did not maintain effective controls over its financial statement close and
reporting process. Specifically, the Company: (i) had insufficient preparation and review procedures for disclosures accompanying the
Company s financial statements; and (ii) did not provide reasonable assurance that accounts were complete and accurate and agreed
to detailed support and that reconciliations of accounts were properly performed, reviewed and approved; and 

Insufficient segregation of duties
in our finance and accounting functions due to limited personnel. We do not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting
functions. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had limited personnel that performed nearly all aspects of our financial reporting
process, including, but not limited to, access to the underlying accounting records and systems, the ability to post and record journal
entries and responsibility for the preparation of the financial statements. Due to the fact that these duties were often performed by
the same person, this creates a lack of review over the financial reporting process that would likely result in a failure to detect errors
in spreadsheets, calculations, or assumptions used to compile the financial statements and related disclosures as filed with the SEC.
These control deficiencies could result in a material misstatement to our interim or annual financial statements that would not be prevented
or detected. 

Changes in Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

None 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

35 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Executive Officers and Directors 

All directors of our company hold office until
the next annual meeting of the stockholders or until their successors have been elected and qualified or they have resigned. The officers
of our company are appointed by our Board of Directors and hold office until their death, resignation or removal from office. 

The following table sets forth the name, age and
position of each of our executive officers, key employees and directors as of December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Jason Drummond 
 53 
 Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director 
 
 Steven M. Plumb 
 63 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Jason Drummond - Chief Executive Officer,
Secretary and Director. Mr. Jason Drummond has served as our CEO and director since our incorporation and served as our Chief
Financial Officer until October 20, 2021. Mr. Drummond has founded and built several Internet and tech businesses over his career. In
addition, Mr. Drummond has, as CEO, led the initial public offering of nine of his companies on various European stock exchanges: 

Founder, CEO and then Chairman of Equals
Group PLC (FAIRFX PLC) between November 2005 and November 2014. The Company was listed in the UK on the Alternative Investment Market
(AIM) (Ticker symbol - LON: EQLS) in November 2014. 

Founder, CEO and then Chairman of Virtual
Internet plc, from July 1996 to February 2002. The company Listed on AIM in October 1998, and then up-listed to the Main Market of the
London Stock Exchange (LSE) in April 2000 (Ticker symbol - LON: VET). 

Founder, CEO and then Chairman of Coms
plc, from September 2003 to September 2012. The company Listed on AIM in September 2006 (Ticker symbol - LON: COMS). 

Founder, Director and Chairman of Media
Corp (Gaming Corporation plc), from March 2000 to February 2012. The company Listed on AIM in April 2001 (Ticker symbol - LON: MDC). 

Co-Founder and Director of Nettworx
plc, from December 2005 to June 2009 (Ticker Symbol - LON: NTWX). The company listed on the AIM Market LSE in December 2005. 

Co-Founder and Director of Active 24
ASA (Virtual Internet UK), from May 2003 to November 2004. The company listed on the Oslo B rse Stock Exchange in November 2004. 

Co-Founder and shareholder in Betex
Group plc, from May 2005 to May 2010. Listed on the AIM Market in December 2005. 

Co-Founder and shareholder in Internet
Incubator plc, from December 1999 to June 2001. The company was listed in the UK on AIM (Ticker symbol - LON: IIP) in October 2000. 

Founder Investor and Advisor to Gaming
Internet PLC, from January 2000 to July 2001 (Ticker symbol - LON: GIN), listed on AIM in January 2000. 

36 

Mr. Drummond currently serves as a board member
to Eight Vodka Limited and Hoot Foods Limited and has previously served on the boards of directors of Expentory Ltd., Tactu Applico Limited,
Teathers Financial PLC, GameTech UK Limited and Gatekeeper App Limited. 

Steven
M. Plumb, CPA, - Chief Financial Officer , is an seasoned senior executive and financial manager experienced in operations,
finance and marketing. He has Big 4 CPA experience, a background in IT, biotech, oil and gas, real estate, medical and utility companies.
Mr. Plumb was the chief financial officer of Artella Solutions, Inc., a private medical device company, since December 2018 through May
2021. He has served as the chief financial officer of DirectView Holdings, Inc. (DIRV.PK) since January 2020. From May 2013 through February
2019, Mr. Plumb was the Chief Financial Officer of ProBility Media Corp. (PBYA.PK). 

From 2011
to 2013, Mr. Plumb was the Chief Financial Officer of Bering Exploration, Inc., (BERX) an oil and gas exploration and production company.
In April 2013, Mr. Plumb was appointed to the additional position of President of Bering. From 2012 to 2014, Mr. Plumb served as the chief
financial officer of Complexa, Inc., a venture capital backed biotechnology company. From September 2009 to April 2012, Mr. Plumb served
as the Chief Financial Officer of ADB International Group, Inc. (ADBI.PK) and from June 2010 to April 2012, he also served on the board
of directors of ADBI. From September 2010 to June 2011, Mr. Plumb served as the Chief Financial Officer of Galaxy Media Marketing
Corp (Galaxy) and from January 2011 to June 2011 he also served as a member of the board of directors and chair of the board of directors
of Galaxy. Since 2001, he has served as the owner and president of Clear Financial Solutions, Inc., a consulting firm that provides interim
CFO services to small public companies. In this capacity he has prepared SEC filings, managed investor relations, raised capital, conducted
mergers and acquisition activities, developed successful offering memorandum, registration statements and investor presentations. Mr.
Plumb is a former auditor with PriceWaterhouseCoopers and KPMG. Mr. Plumb has a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from the University
of Texas at Austin, Austin, Texas. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, we may become involved in litigation
relating to claims arising out of its operations in the normal course of business. During the past ten years, none of our officers, directors,
director nominees, promoters or control persons have been involved in any legal proceedings as described in Item 401(f) of Regulation
S-K except as set forth herein. 

Corporate Governance 

Director Independence 

No members
of our Board of Directors are independent using the definition of independence under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) and the standards
established by the SEC. We plan to increase the size the Board of Directors to satisfy Nasdaq s requirement that the majority of
the Board of Directors be independent. 

Committees of our Board 

Audit Committee .
We did not during 2021, and do not currently, have an audit committee. If and when we satisfy the other initial listing standards for
listing our common stock on Nasdaq or another national exchange, we intend to establish an audit committee of the Board of Directors. 

Compensation Committee .
We did not during 2021, and do not currently, have a compensation committee. If and when we satisfy the other initial listing standards
for listing our common stock on Nasdaq or another national exchange, we intend to establish a compensation committee of the Board of Directors. 

37 

Nominating Committee .
We did not during 2021, and do not currently, have a nominating committee. If and when we satisfy the other initial listing standards
for listing our common stock on Nasdaq or another national exchange, we intend to establish a nominating committee of the Board of Directors. 

Term of office 

All directors hold office until the next annual
meeting of the stockholders of the company and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. Officers are elected by and
serve at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 

Code of Ethics 

The Board of Directors will adopt a Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics that will be applicable to the Company and to all our directors and officers and persons performing similar functions,
including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer. A copy of the Company s Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics will be posted on our website at www.gametech.com. We intend to disclose future amendments to such code, or any waivers of its
requirements, applicable to any principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller,
or persons performing similar functions or our directors on our website identified above. 

Consulting and Finder Agreements 

We have entered into consulting or finder agreements
with several service providers including the below: 

In November 2022, the Company entered into a finder s
fee agreement with a FINRA registered broker dealer to identify and introduce the Company to accredited investors. The Company agreed
to pay the broker a cash fee equal to 10 of the total purchase price paid by investors introduced to the Company by the broker. One such
investor was identified and made an investment in the November 2022 Private Placement of 550,000. 

In December
2022, the Company entered into a finder s fee agreement with a FINRA registered broker dealer to identify and introduce the Company
to accredited investors. The Company agreed to pay the broker a cash fee equal to 6.67 of the total purchase price paid by investors
introduced to the Company by the broker. One such investor was identified and made an investment of 300,000. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships
between any of our directors or executive officers. 

38 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Set forth below is information for the fiscal
years indicated relating to the compensation of each person who served as our principal executive officer (and our sole officer) (the
 Named Executive Officer during the past two fiscal years. 

Name and Principal Position(s) 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Award(s) 
 Stock Compensation 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total Compensation 
 
 Jason Drummond 
 2022 
 342,486 

342,486 
 
 CEO, CFO (1) , Secretary and Director 
 2021 
 330,144 
 259,224 

589,368 

Steven M. Plumb, CPA 
 2022 
 257,345 

257,345 
 
 CFO (2) 
 2021 
 36,219 

90,300 
 
 126,519 

(1) 
 Mr. Drummond served as CFO until October 20, 2021. 

(2) 
 Mr. Plumb was appointed CFO on October 20, 2021. 

Compensation of Management 

Currently, we have no formal employment or compensation
arrangement with our Chief Executive Officer, Jason Drummond. Our Board of Directors determines the compensation given to our executive
officers in their sole determination. Until such time as we enter into an employment or compensation arrangement with Mr. Drummond, all
future compensation to be paid will be determined solely by Mr. Drummond as our sole director. Mr. Drummond s current annual base
salary is 240,000, which is the equivalent to 330,144 and 342,486 when valued using the exchange rates in effect on December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; any bonus will be at the discretion of the Company, subject to the achievement of certain targets as
agreed to between Mr. Drummond and Company. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid base salary of 330,144 and a bonus
of 259,224, totaling 589,368, to Mr. Drummond. 

On October 20, 2021,
the Company appointed Steven M. Plumb, CPA as its chief financial officer through a contract with Mr. Plumb s entity, Clear
Financial Solutions Clear ). Pursuant this agreement Clear was paid 12,000 per month for Mr. Plumb s service during
2022. In addition, Mr. Plumb and Clear s other staff provide services to the Company for other projects from time to time outside
the scope of the agreement, in consideration for which Clear was paid 113,345 during 2022. The contract was extended on August 16, 2022,
and unless canceled by either party by written notice 60 days prior to expiration, will automatically renew for successive twelve-month
periods. The monthly fee paid to Clear was reduced to 8,000 per month, effective January 1, 2023. In 2021, Mr. Plumb was awarded a stock
grant for 30,000 shares of the Company s common stock, vesting six months from date of grant. The shares of common stock will be
issued pursuant to a restricted stock award agreement under our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 

39 

Director Compensation 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no director of the Company received compensation from us, except as set forth above in the
summary compensation table. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

There are no outstanding equity awards held by
the Company s named executive officers or directors as of December 31, 2022. 

2021 Equity Incentive
Plan 

In April 29, 2021, the
Board of Directors unanimously adopted, and on May 21, 2021, holders of a majority of our common stock outstanding approved, the Company s
2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ), pursuant to which awards covering up to 3,000,000 shares of our common stock
(subject to annual increase on each January 1 of up to 4 of the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding on the immediately
preceding December 31, as determined by our Board of Directors) will be available for issuance. The purpose of the 2021 Plan is (a) enable
the Company and its affiliates to attract and retain the types of employees, directors and consultants who will contribute to the Company s
long range success; (b) provide incentives that align the interests of employees, consultants and directors with those of the stockholders
of the Company; and (c) promote the success of the Company s business, thus enhancing the value of the Company for the benefit of
its stockholders. Awards that may be granted under the 2021 Plan include: (a) incentive stock options, (b) non-qualified stock options,
(c) stock appreciation rights, (d) restricted awards, (e) performance share awards, (f) cash awards, and (g) other equity-based awards. 

The 2021 Plan has a term
of ten years and will be administered by our Board of Directors or, when one is established, our Compensation Committee, or in the Board
of Directors sole discretion by the board or one or more members of the board appointed by the board to administer the 2021 Plan,
in accordance with the terms of the 2021 Plan. 

Compensation Committee
Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our executive
officers serves as a member of the Board of Directors or compensation committee of any other entity that has one or more of its executive
officers serving as a member of our Board of Directors. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of March 28, 2021 by: 

each of our named executive officers; 

each of our directors; 

all of our current directors and executive officers as a group; and 

each stockholder known by us to own beneficially more than five percent of our common stock. 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. Shares of common stock that may be acquired
by an individual or group within 60 days of March 28, 2022, pursuant to the exercise of options or warrants, are deemed to be outstanding
for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of such individual or group, but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose
of computing the percentage ownership of any other person shown in the table. Percentage of ownership is based on 35,521,629 shares of
common stock outstanding on March 28, 2023. 

40 

Except as indicated in footnotes to this table,
we believe that the stockholders named in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock
shown to be beneficially owned by them, based on information provided to us by such stockholders. Unless otherwise indicated, the address
for each director and executive officer listed is c/o Gaming Technologies, Inc., Two Summerlin, Las Vegas, NV 89135, USA. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to Offering 
 Percentage of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers 

Jason Drummond 
 5,054,500 
 14.2 

Steven M. Plumb (1) 
 30,000 

All current executive officers and directors as a group (1 person) 
 5,054,500 
 14.6 

5 or Greater Stockholders 

Epsilon Investments PTE (2) 111 North Bridge Road, #21-03 Peninsula Plaza, Singapore 179098 
 6,706,425 
 18.9 

Fairfax Capital BV (3) Herengracht 458 1017 CA Amsterdam, Netherlands 
 2,437,950 
 6.9 

Basilan Investment SRL (4) Calle Tapia De Casariego 11A C/O Gonsalo Pozo Madrid, 20878, Spain 
 2,000,000 
 5.6 

One44 Capital LLC (5) 1249 Broadway Ste. 103 Hewlett NY 11557 
 2,107,692 
 5.9 

Mark N. Tompkins App. 1, Via Guidino 23 Lugano-Paradiso 6900, Switzerland 
 1,854,000 
 5.2 

____________________ 

Less than 1 . 

1. 
 Represents restricted shares under 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, vesting six (6) months from date of issue, based on continuing service as an officer on each such vesting date. 

2. 
 Sujatha Panicker, principal of the Epsilon Investments PTE, has the power to vote or dispose of the shares held of record by Epsilon Investments PTE and may be deemed to beneficially own those shares. 

3. 
 Jason Smart, principal of Fairfax Capital BV, has the power to vote or dispose of the shares held of record by Fairfax Capital BV and may be deemed to beneficially own those shares. 

4. 
 Gonzalo Del Pozo, principal of Basilan Investment SRL, has the power to vote or dispose of the shares held of record by Basilan Investment SRL and may be deemed to beneficially own those shares. 

5. 
 Includes 307,692 shares of common stock underlying warrants. Ahron Fraiman and Daniel Rosenblatt, principals of One44 Capital LLC, have shared power to vote or dispose of the shares held by record by One44 Capital LLC and may be deemed to beneficially own those shares. 

41 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Except as described below, and under Executive
Compensation above, there have been no transactions since the beginning of the fiscal year of 2022, or any currently proposed transaction,
in which the Company was to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded or exceeds 120,000 and in which any related person had
or will have a direct or indirect material interest). A related person is any executive officer, director, nominee for director or holder
of 5 or more of the Company s common stock, or an immediate family member of any of those persons. 

Consulting Agreement with John Cummins 

On October 21, 2021, we entered into a consulting
agreement with John Cummins to serve as a board advisor, pursuant to which he agreed to provide certain consulting services related
to the Company s development. The initial term of the agreement is for one year and may be renewed at the end of the term. Under
the terms of the agreement, the Company issued (i) 50,000 shares of the Company s common stock within seven days of the execution
of the agreement, valued at 125,000, (ii) and 50,000 shares of the Company s common stock upon the quotation of the Company s
stock on OTCQB. In addition, the Company will issue 100,000 shares of the Company common stock at each of the first three annual renewal
periods, if the agreement is renewed. 

Investments in Private Placements by Related
Persons 

From November 2020 to August 2021, we issued and
sold in private placements to One44 Capital, LLC an aggregate of 2,107,692 shares of the Company s common stock for an aggregate
purchase price of approximately 5,499,999. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

Audit Fees 

The aggregate fees billed for professional services
rendered by the Company s principal accountant and the predecessor for the audit and the reviews of the Company s financial
statements in 2022 and 2021 were 96,417 and 176,631, respectively. 

Audit-Related Fees 

The Company incurred no fees during the last two
fiscal years for assurance and related services by the Company s principal accountant that were reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of the Company s financial statements, and not reported under Audit Fees above. 

Tax Fees 

The Company incurred 0 in fees for professional
services rendered by the Company s principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice or tax planning for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

All Other Fees 

The Company incurred no other fees during the
last two fiscal years for products and services rendered by the Company s principal accountant. 

Our pre-approval policies and procedures for our
Board, acting in lieu of a separately designated, independent audit committee, described in paragraph (c)(7)(i) of Rule 2-01 of Regulation
S-X were that the audit committee pre-approve all accounting related activities prior to the performance of any services by any accountant
or auditor. 

The percentage of hours expended on the principal
accountant s engagement to audit our financial statements for the most recent fiscal year that were attributed to work performed
by persons other than the principal accountant s full time, permanent employees was 0 . 

42 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit s and
Financial Statement Schedules. 

Exhibits 

Certain of the agreements filed as exhibits to
this Report contain representations and warranties by the parties to the agreements that have been made solely for the benefit of the
parties to the agreement. These representations and warranties: 

may have been qualified by disclosures that were
made to the other parties in connection with the negotiation of the agreements, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the
agreements; 

may apply standards of materiality that differ
from those of a reasonable investor; and 

were made only as of specified dates contained
in the agreements and are subject to subsequent developments and changed circumstances. 

Accordingly, these representations and warranties
may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date that these representations and warranties were made or at any other time.
Investors should not rely on them as statements of fact. 

Exhibit Number 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Incorporated by reference from 
 
 3.1 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 to Form S-1 filed November 10, 2020 
 
 3.1 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed January 7, 2021 
 
 3.3 
 Bylaws 
 
 Exhibit 3.2 to Form S-1 filed November 10, 2020 
 
 10.1 
 Unsecured
 Loan Agreement between Epsilon Investments Pte Ltd. and Nenx Gaming Limited dated August 3, 2018 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form S-1 filed November 10, 2020 
 
 10.2 
 Unsecured
 Loan Agreement between Epsilon Investments Pte Ltd. and Nenx Gaming Limited dated October 24, 2018 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to Form S-1 filed November 10, 2020 
 
 10.3 
 Unsecured
 Loan Agreement between Jason Kingsley Drummond and Nenx Gaming Limited dated August 3, 2018 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 to Form S-1 filed November 10, 2020 
 
 10.4 
 Unsecured
 Loan Agreement between Jason Kingsley Drummond and Nenx Gaming Limited dated October 2018 
 
 Exhibit 10.4 to Form S-1 filed November 10, 2020 
 
 10.5 
 Loan
 Agreement between Fairfax Capital B.V. and Dito UK Limited dated October 29, 2019 
 
 Exhibit 10.5 to Form S-1 filed November 10, 2020 
 
 10.6 
 Debt
 for Equity Swap Agreement between Nenx Gaming Limited and Jason Drummond dated May 29, 2019 
 
 Exhibit 10.6 to Form S-1 filed November 10, 2020 
 
 10.7 
 Form
 of Share Exchange Agreement (including form of Lock-Up Agreement) 
 
 Exhibit 10.7 to Form S-1 filed November 10, 2020 
 
 10.8 
 Consulting
 Agreement between John Cummins and The Company dated October 21, 2020 
 
 Exhibit 10.8 to Form S-1/A filed December 9, 2020 
 
 10.9 
 Consulting
 Agreement between Oliver Willett and the Company dated November 6, 2020 
 
 Exhibit 10.9 to Form S-1/A filed December 9, 2020 
 
 10.10 
 Online
 Gaming Management and Consulting Services Agreement between Comercial de Juegos de la Frontera, S.A. de C.V. and the Company executed
 on November 13, 2020 
 
 Exhibit 10.10 to Form 10-K filed April 15, 2021 
 
 10.11 
 Amendment
 of Consulting Agreement between Comercial de Juegos de la Frontera, S.A. de C.V. and the Company executed on January 7, 2021 
 
 Exhibit 10.11 to Form 10-K filed April 15, 2021 
 
 10.12 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with February 2021 private placement 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed April 1, 2021 

43 

10.13 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with August 2021 private placement 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed August 16, 2021 
 
 10.14 
 Form
 of Registration Rights Agreement in connection with August 2021 private placement 
 
 Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-Q filed August 16, 2021 
 
 10.15 
 License
 agreement between the Company and Playboy Enterprises International, Inc., dated May 19, 2021 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q filed August 16, 2021 
 
 10.16 
 Sponsorship
 Agreement between the Company and SA Holiday, Inc., dated April 14, 2021 
 
 Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-Q filed August 16, 2021 
 
 10.17 
 Gaming
 Technologies, Inc., 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on May 6, 2021 
 
 10.18 
 Form
 of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Employees and Consultants 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2021 
 
 10.19 
 Agreement
 between the Company and Borosh Consulting, LLC dba Clear Financial Solutions to provide inter alia contract CFO services 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2021 
 
 10.20 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on November 19, 2021 
 
 10.21 
 10 
 Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Note 
 
 Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on November 19, 2021 
 
 10.22 
 Form
 of Convertible Note Warrant 
 
 Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed on November 19, 2021 
 
 10.23 
 Form
 of Security Agreement between the Company and the investor 
 
 Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K/A filed on November 19, 2021 
 
 10.24 
 Form
 of Security Agreement between the Subsidiary and the investor 
 
 Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K/A filed on November 19, 2021 
 
 10.25 
 Form
 of Subsidiary Guaranty 
 
 Exhibit 10.7 to Form 8-K/A filed on November 19, 2021 
 
 21.1 
 List
 of Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 Exhibit 21.1 to Form S-1 filed October 20, 2021 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Schema 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Presentation Linkbase 

Filed herewith 

Item 16. Form 10 K Summary. 

Not applicable. 

44 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

GAMING TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Date: May 1, 2023 

By: /s/ Jason Drummond 

 Name: Jason Drummond 

 Title: President, Chief Executive Officer, and
Secretary 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Date: May 1, 2023 

By: /s/ Steven M. Plumb 

 Name: Steven M. Plumb 

 Title: Chief Financial Officer 

45 

GAMING TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Page Number 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Weinberg Company, P.A. PCAOB ID # 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss - Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity (Deficiency) - Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Gaming Technologies, Inc. 

 Las Vegas, Nevada 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Gaming Technologies, Inc. and subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity (deficiency) and cash flows for the years then ended,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, and the results of its consolidated operations and its consolidated cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1, the Company has experienced net
losses and negative operating cash flows since inception and has a stockholders deficiency as of December 31, 2022. The Company
has financed its working capital requirements since inception through the sale of its equity securities and from borrowings. These matters
raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters
are also described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2019. 

/s/ 

May 1, 2023 

F- 2 

GAMING TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Deposits and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

License agreement, net 

Intellectual property, net 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued interest 

Due to related parties 

Note payable, net 

Secured convertible note payable, net 

Current portion of note payable, bank 

Total current liabilities 

Note payable, bank 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders' equity (deficiency): 

Preferred stock, 
 par value; authorized - shares;
issued - 

Common stock, par
 value; authorized - shares;
 issued and outstanding shares
 and shares
 on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' equity (deficiency) 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity (deficiency) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 3 

GAMING TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of revenues 

Software development, including amortization of intellectual
 property of 
 and 
 in 2022 and 2021, respectively 

General and administrative: 

Officers, directors, affiliates, and other related parties 

Advertising and marketing 

Impairment of intangible assets 

Other (including stock compensation costs
 of 
 and 
 in 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Total costs and expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

Foreign currency loss 

Total other expense, net 

Net loss 

Deemed Dividend 

Net loss to common shareholders 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Comprehensive loss 

Net loss per common share - basic and diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 4 

GAMING TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
(DEFICIENCY) 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock, Par Value
 0.001 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' Equity 

Shares 
 Par Value 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 (Deficiency) 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Common stock issued in connection with private placement, net 

Common stock issued as compensation 

Warrants issued as compensation 

Discount related to convertible note payable and related warrant 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Common stock issued in connection with private placement, net 

Discount related to warrants issued upon modification of convertible note payable 

Common stock issued for software license 

Common stock issued as compensation 

Stock dividend 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 5 

GAMING TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization and impairment of intellectual property 

Amortization of operating lease right of use asset 

Amortization of discount on notes payable 

Accretion of premium on convertible note payable 

Stock compensation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in - 

Deposits and other current assets 

Increase (decrease) in - 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued interest 

Due to related parties 

Operating lease liability 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash paid for software license 

Purchase of intellectual property 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Proceeds from private placement of common stock, net 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable, net 

Repayment of note payable to bank 

Repayment of notes payable to related parties 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate on cash 

Cash: 

Net decrease 

Balance at beginning of year 

Balance at end of year 

(Continued) 

F- 6 

GAMING TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Continued) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for - 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Fair value of warrants recorded as debt discount 

Original issue discount on convertible note payable 

Original issue discount on notes payable 

Common stock issued for license agreement 

Discount related to convertible note payable amendment 

Stock dividend 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 7 

GAMING TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

On November 13, 2020, we entered into an Agreement
for the Provision of Online Gaming Management and Consulting Services (as subsequently amended) with Comercial de Juegos de la Frontera,
S.A. de C.V., a Mexican company doing business as Big Bola, pursuant to which we provide to Big Bola consulting and management services
related to their interactive online betting and gaming business in Mexico via the web site www.vale.mx, a regulated online casino and
sports betting site. vale.mx operates under Big Bola s existing license issued by the General Directorate of Games and Raffles of
the Ministry of Interior (SEGOB). Big Bola is one of only 14 operators legally authorized to offer legal betting and
online casino services in Mexico. vale.mx has more than 500 online premium casino games available, which can be enjoyed both on mobile
or via desktop. Players can receive promotions and play live roulette and blackjack, or high-definition slots from leading software providers
such as NetEnt, Microgaming, Pragmatic Play, Evolution and Matrix Studios. We are responsible for player acquisition, promotion and retention
for vale.mx. We manage players accounts and are required to ensure that the balance in players accounts at all times satisfies
the requirements under applicable law, and we pay out winnings to players from Big Bola s account. While Big Bola bears liability
to the players as provided by the permit, as between us and Big Bola we bear the costs of this obligation. Each party indemnifies the
other against certain liabilities and claims. Under the terms of the amended agreement, we share 75 of gross gaming revenue generated
from the platform, subject to certain minimum guaranteed monthly amounts of Big Bola s participation in the remaining gross gaming
revenues. This venture began operations in February 2021. 

In June 2022, the Company and Big Bola entered
into a Side Letter Agreement SLA whereby Big Bola agreed to convert 134,669 in fees owed to it by the Company into 540,000
shares of the Company s common stock. The Company was required to issue the shares by July 10, 2022. The shares were issued in October
2022. In addition, the Company agreed to make payments on 120,000 in guaranteed participation fees due to Big Bola as follows: 40,000
no later than July 14, 2022; 40,000 on later than August 14, 2022; and 40,000 no later than September 14, 2022. The guaranteed participation
fees have been recorded by the Company as they were incurred and are included in accounts payable at September 30, 2022. The July, August,
September, and October payments have not been made as of the date of this filing. In addition, Big Bola agreed that it will not collect
from the Company the guaranteed participation fee of 40,000 per month for the months of June, July and August of 2022 and that the guaranteed
participation fee for the months of September, October and November of 2022 was reduced to 20,000 per month. Effective December 1, 2022,
the parties reverted to the terms of the original agreement, as amended. 

In December 2022, the Company canceled the Big
Bola contract. As a result of the cancellation of the Big Bola contract, the Company incurred a charge of 400,000 to settle the remaining
balance owed to Big Bola under the contract, which amount has been accrued and included in accounts payable and accrued expenses as of
December 31, 2022. 

On December 15, 2022, the Company entered into
a contract with Operadora the Fabulous Vegas Games, S.A. (Fabulous) to provide a gaming platform for the Company s vale.mx website. 

Going Concern 

The Company's consolidated financial
statements have been presented on the basis that the Company is a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and
satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements,
the Company has experienced recurring net losses from operations and negative operating cash flows since inception. During the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a net loss of ,
utilized cash in operating activities of ,
and had stockholders deficiency of 
as of December 31, 2022. The Company has financed its working capital requirements since inception through the sale of its equity
securities and from borrowings. 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had cash of
 . The Company estimates that it has cash to sustain operations through April 2023, and after that a significant amount of
capital will be necessary over a sustained period of time to advance the development of the Company's business to the point at which it
can become commercially viable and self-sustaining. However, there can be no assurances that the Company will be successful in this regard. 

As a result, management has concluded that there
is substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date that the accompanying consolidated
financial statements are issued. In addition, the Company's independent registered public accounting firm, in their report on the Company's
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, has also expressed substantial doubt about the Company's ability
to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company's ability
to raise additional funds and implement its business plan, and to ultimately achieve sustainable operating revenues and profitability.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to
continue as a going concern. 

The development and expansion of the Company's
business in 2023 and thereafter will be dependent on many factors, including the capital resources available to the Company. No assurances
can be given that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to the Company
or adequate to fund the development and expansion of the Company's business to a level that is commercially viable and self-sustaining.
There is also significant uncertainty as to the affect that the coronavirus pandemic may have on the availability, amount and type of
financing in the future. 

If cash resources are insufficient to satisfy
the Company's ongoing cash requirements, the Company would be required to scale back or discontinue its operations, obtain funds, if available,
although there can be no certainty, through strategic alliances that may require the Company to relinquish rights to its technology, or
to discontinue its operations entirely. 

USD 

Cash balances in British Pounds are maintained
in the United Kingdom and cash balances in United States Dollars are maintained in the United States. 

unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and does
not anticipate any material amount of unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months. 

The Company accounts for uncertainties in income
tax law under a comprehensive model for the financial statement recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of uncertain tax
positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns as prescribed by GAAP. The tax effects of a position are recognized only
if it is more-likely-than-not to be sustained by the taxing authority as of the reporting date. If the tax position is not
considered more-likely-than-not to be sustained, then no benefits of the position are recognized. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company had not recorded any liability for uncertain tax positions. In subsequent periods, any interest and penalties related
to uncertain tax positions will be recognized as a component of income tax expense. 

The Company operates an online betting platform
allowing users to place wagers on casino games. Each wager placed by users create a single performance obligation for the Company to administer
each event wagered. We report revenue on a net basis. Net gaming revenue is the aggregate of gaming wins and losses based on results of
each event that customers wager bets on. Gross gaming revenue is split with our partners, whose share of gross gaming revenue is recorded
as a reduction to net gaming revenue. 

The Company recognizes depreciation of property
and equipment in general and administrative costs in the Company's consolidated statement of operations. 

as a reduction of software and
development expense. 

. 

The Company recognizes amortization of intellectual
property in software development costs in the Company's consolidated statement of operations. 

as of that date. 

Translation of amounts from the local currencies
of the foreign subsidiary, Gaming UK, into USD has been made at the following exchange rates for the respective periods: 

Period-average GBP to USD1.00 exchange rate 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Computer and office equipment, net 

All of the Company's property and equipment is
located in the United Kingdom. Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively.
Depreciation expense is included in general and administrative costs in the Company's consolidated statement of operations. 

Less accumulated amortization 

Indefinite lived assets - internet domain names 

Intellectual property, net 

Amortization expense for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 
and ,
respectively. Amortization expense is included in software development costs in the Company's consolidated statement of
operations. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
analyzed its intellectual property for impairment and determined that the internet domain names, with a carrying value of , was
impaired. As result the Company recorded an impairment charge of during the year ended December 31, 2022, which is included in
costs and expenses. 

of Net Win generated from the platform, or a minimum of six thousand USD per month. In February 2021, vale.mx
began operations. Net Win is defined as a calculation of the total income from gaming (revenues minus prizes, minus platform expenses,
minus redeemed bonuses). 

Under the terms of the agreement with Game Interaction
Group, we share a percentage of Gross Gaming Revenue, which is for sportsbook, and for casino games, skill games, poker virtual
games. There is a minimum monthly fee of EUR. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company paid upon signing the
agreement and issued shares of its common stock to Fabulous. The common stock had a fair market value of on the date
of grant. The Company capitalized a total
of related to the payments made to Fabulous as a license agreement and recorded amortization expense of during the year
ended December 31, 2022. The license agreement is being amortized over months, the period of time from the date of the agreement through
the term of the monthly payments required under the agreement, The net book value of the license agreement was on December 31,
2022. 

(equivalent to from Metro Bank PLC under the Bounce Bank Loan Scheme managed by the British Business
Bank on behalf of, and with the financial backing of, The Secretary of State for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy of the Government
of the United Kingdom. The Government of the United Kingdom has provided a full guarantee to Metro Bank PLC with respect to the repayment
of this loan. The proceeds from the loan are required to be used for working capital purposes, for investment in a Company's business,
and to support trading or commercial activity in the United Kingdom. The loan is for a term of months and has a fixed interest
rate of per annum. Gaming UK is not required to make any payments of interest on the loan during the first 12 months of this
loan, with such amount being paid by the Government of the United Kingdom under its business interruption payment program. Beginning in
the 13 th month after the drawdown of the loan, Gaming UK will be required to repay the loan by making 60 equal monthly
payments of principal and interest aggregating 1,076 (equivalent to 845 per month. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company recorded interest expense of and , respectively, with respect to this loan, which was paid by the Government
of the United Kingdom under this program. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , respectively, was due under this note,
of which, and , respectively, was reflected as current portion due. 

Maturities of long-term debt for each of the
next five years and thereafter are as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total payments 

Less current portion 

Debt maturity, noncurrent 

Valuation discount 

Secured convertible Note, net 

On November 18, 2021, the Company entered into
a securities purchase agreement with an accredited investor for the sale of the Company s secured convertible note (the Secured
Notes) and warrants. Pursuant to the terms of the purchase agreement, on November 18, 2021, the Company received aggregate gross proceeds
of and issued (i) a Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Note in the principal amount of .67
and (ii) warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock. The
Note bears interest at a rate of 10 per year, payable monthly commencing after the third month, and mature 12 months from issuance The
principal and interest are convertible at any time at the option of the holder into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion
price equal to the lower of (i) 2.75 per share, and (ii) the price of the common stock of the Company in a Qualified Offering (subject
to adjustment as provided in the Note). A Qualified Offering is an equity or equity-linked financing for the account of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries or debt financing that results in cumulative aggregate proceeds to the Company of at least 8,000,000.
The principal and interest on the Note will be amortized on the effective interest method commencing sixth months after the closing. In
the event that the Secured Notes are repaid within three months of the date of the Secured Notes, the Company will repay 115 of the face
value of the Secured Notes, plus accrued interest. In the event that the Secured Notes are repaid three months after the date of the Secured
Notes, the Company will repay 120 of the face value of the Secured Notes, plus accrued interest. The exercise price of the warrants is
the lesser of (i) per share and (ii) the price of the common stock of the Company in a Qualified Offering and the term of the
warrants is five years. Upon an Event of Default (as defined therein) interest shall accrue
at 1 1/2 per month and the 125 of principal and interest through maturity shall be due and payable. At the holder s option the
holder shall be entitled to be paid in cash or common stock with the conversion price of the common stock equal to a 30 discount to the
average of the three lowest closing prices of the common stock for the 10 prior trading days. 

In connection with the
Company s obligations under the Secured Notes, the Company and its subsidiary Gaming Technology Limited (the Subsidiary each entered into a security agreement with the holder, pursuant to which the Company and the Subsidiary granted a security interest on
all assets of the Company and the Subsidiary, including the stock of the Subsidiary, for the benefit of the holders, to secure, and the
Subsidiary guaranteed, the Company s obligations under the Note, the Warrant and the other transaction documents. In addition, the
holder was granted customary piggyback registration rights for the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Note and exercise
of the Warrant and rights of participation. 

At any time within the
18 months closing, upon any issuance by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of debt or common stock or common stock equivalents for
cash consideration, indebtedness or a combination of units thereof, other than in an underwritten public offering (a Subsequent
Financing ), the investor will have the right to participate up to its investment amount in the Note, but not more than 25 of the
Subsequent Financing, on the same terms, conditions and price provided for in the Subsequent Financing. 

Upon issuance of the Secured Note, the Company
recorded an aggregate discount of from the original issue discount of , and a discount related to the relative fair
value of the warrants issued in conjunction with the Secured Note of . During the period ended December 31, 2021 the Company amortized
 of the discount resulting in an unamortized discount of as of December 31, 2021. In addition, the Secured
Note has not been repaid the Company accreted a premium of as of December 31, 2021, which has been added to the principal
amount of the note resulting in a balance due of at December 31, 2021. The accreted amount of 157,509 has been reflected
as additional interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

On May 18, 2022 an event of default occurred due
to our failure to make interest payments on our 10 Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Note in the principal amount of
 .67 (the Convertible Note ). As a result of the default, the Company was accessed a default penalty of ,
the interest rate on the Convertible Note increased to annually, and the conversion priced changed to equal a 30 discount to the
average of the three lowest closing prices of the common stock for the 10 prior trading days. 

On November 8, 2022, the Company and the holder
of the Company s Secured Notes amended the Secured Notes as follows: (a) the maturity date of the Secured Notes is changed to February
15, 2023; (b) the Company shall provide the holder of the Secured Notes with additional Warrants with the same terms as the Warrants issued
in the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Transaction Documents (with the term running from the date of amendment) in an amount such
that the holder of the Secured Notes obtains an additional 10 warrant coverage per month based on the initial investment amount from
November 1, 2022 to February 15, 2023. Thus, holder of the Secured Notes shall receive a total number of warrants equal to 210 of the
original face amount of the Note, i.e., 1,666,666.67 converted at the lower of (i) 2.75 or (ii) the price of the common stock in a Qualified
Offering to purchase shares of common stock of the Company, exercisable at the exercise price set forth in the Warrants; (c) the Company
will take all corporate action necessary to expeditiously increase the authorized shares of the Company to 400,000,000; and, (d) the Company
agrees that as soon as it has raised sufficient funds to make a payment on the outstanding balance of the Note, it will promptly do so.
As a result of the amendment, the Company increased the number of shares covered by the warrant by shares, which resulted in the
recognition of a discount in the amount of , of which was amortized during 2022. On March 29, 2023, the due date of the
note was extended to October 15, 2023. The Company agreed to issue shares of its common stock to the note holder in exchange for
the due date extension. 

(the Subordinated Note and received gross proceeds of
 . Pursuant to the Amendment, the provisions in the Purchase Agreements for an adjustment due to price based dilution, which had
expired by their terms, were extended, such that if, at any time until the earlier of (a) October 6, 2022, or (b) the day after the date
on which the Company issues or sells shares of common stock or common stock equivalents, except for certain exempt issuances as described
in the Purchase Agreements, at a price below 2.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits), then the Company will deliver to the investor
that number of restricted shares of common stock equal to the difference between the number of shares purchased by the investor pursuant
to such Purchase Agreement and the number of shares of common stock the investor would have received for the investor s original
subscription amount (an aggregate of 2,000,000) at the dilutive issuance price. 

The principal amount
of the Subordinated Note is 277,778, and the Company received gross proceeds of 250,000 after giving effect to the original issue discount
of 10 , resulting in a debt discount of 27,778 at the date of issuance. The Subordinated Note is unsecured, bears interest at a rate
of 10 per year (the Interest Rate ), and matures on the earlier of (i) 12 months from issuance or (ii) the closing of a
Qualified Offering, subject to earlier pre-payment as provided in the Subordinated Note. Qualified Offering is an equity
or equity-linked financing for the account of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or debt financing that results in cumulative aggregate
proceeds to the Company of at least 8,000,000. During the period the Company amortized 20,396 of the debt discount, leaving an unamortized
discount of 7,382 at December 31, 2022. 

Subject to the Intercreditor
Agreement described below, the Company will have the right at any time to prepay in cash all or a portion of the Subordinated Note of
the principal amount thereof plus any unpaid accrued interest to the date of repayment. Upon an Event of Default (as defined therein)
interest shall accrue at the Interest Rate plus 2 and the principal and interest through maturity shall be due and payable. 

In connection with issuing
the Subordinated Note, the Company, the Subordinated Note holder and the holder of the Company s 1,666,667 10 Original Discount
Senior Secured Convertible Note issued in November 2021 (the Senior Note entered into a Intercreditor Agreement (the Intercreditor
Agreement ), pursuant to which the Subordinated Note holder agreed to fully subordinate its rights under the Subordinated Note to
the Senior Note and related agreements, as described more fully in the Intercreditor Agreement. 

Other Loans 

On April 26, 2022, May
25, 2022, and July 8, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to securities purchase agreements dated November 20, 2020 and February
3, 2021 (the Purchase Agreements with an investor (the First Amendment ), the Company and the investor entered
into a loan agreement (the Loan Agreement and the Company issued to the Investor subordinated promissory notes totaling
principal amount of (the Subordinated Note and received gross proceeds of after deduction of an origination
fee to the investor. 

Pursuant to the Amendment,
the provisions in the Purchase Agreements for an adjustment due to price based dilution, which had expired by their terms, were extended,
such that if, at any time until the earlier of (a) May 15, 2022, or (b) the day after the date on which the Company completes an underwritten
public offing of shares of its common stock, except for certain exempt issuances as described in the Purchase Agreements, at a price below
 2.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits), then the Company will deliver to the investor that number of restricted shares of common
stock equal to the difference between the number of shares purchased by the investor pursuant to such Purchase Agreement and the number
of shares of common stock the investor would have received for the investor s original subscription amount (an aggregate of 4,500,000)
at the dilutive issuance price. 

The Subordinated Notes
are unsecured, bear interest at a rate of 10 per year (the Interest Rate ), and matures on the earlier of the earlier of
(a) October 26, 2022 or (b) a Capital Event (the Final Maturity Date ). Capital Event means (a) any transaction
in which the Company, or any subsidiary of the Company, or any joint venture directly or indirectly owned by the Company: (i) refinances
or incurs any indebtedness exceeding 100,000 in the aggregate of all such transactions, (ii) sells, transfers or otherwise disposes (including
pursuant to a sale-leaseback transaction) of any property or asset (including securities) other than in the ordinary course of business,
(iii) forms a joint venture, or (iv) issues private or public equity, stock or other financial instrument for cash consideration exceeding
 100,000 in the aggregate of all such transactions; (b) any casualty or other insured damage exceeding 100,000 to, or any taking under
power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding of, any property or asset of the Company, or any subsidiary of the Company,
or any joint venture directly or indirectly owned by the Company; or (c) any other transaction entered into for the purposes of generating
cash to recapitalize the Company s balance sheet. 

If a Change of Control
(as defined in the Subordinated Note) of Company occurs, then on or prior to the fifth business day following the date of such Change
of Control, the Company shall prepay the Subordinated Note and all other obligations (other than, indemnity obligations under the loan
documents that are not then due and payable or for which any events or claims that would give rise thereto are not then pending) in full
in cash together with (i) accrued interest thereon to the date of such prepayment, (ii) all other amounts owing to investor under the
loan documents, (iii) an amount equal to the difference between (x) the aggregate amount of interest that would have been due to investor,
for the period from and after the date of issuance of the Subordinated Note to and including the Final Maturity Date based upon the principal
amount outstanding immediately prior to and the interest rate in effect as of the date of such prepayment, less (y) the amount of interest
actually paid to investor prior to the date of such prepayment. 

Upon an Event of Default
(as defined therein) interest shall accrue at the rate of 18 per annum. 

Under the Loan Agreement,
the Company may borrow up to an additional 188,011 from the investor on the same terms as described above, subject to certain conditions.
On March 24, 2023, the Company borrowed an additional under the terms of the note, with an original issue discount of ,
for gross proceeds of . In addition, the due date of the loans was extended to October 15, 2023. 

In connection with issuing
the Subordinated Note, the Company, the Subordinated Note holder and the holder of the Company s 1,666,667 10 Original Discount
Senior Secured Convertible Note issued in November 2021 (the Senior Note entered into a Intercreditor Agreement (the Intercreditor
Agreement ), pursuant to which the Subordinated Note holder agreed to fully subordinate its rights under the Subordinated Note to
the Senior Note and related agreements. 

During the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a discount on the three loans of , all of which was full amortized as of December 31, 2022. 

and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

In February 2022, the Company leased a residential
condominium unit in Miami, Florida. The lease expired on and has been extended on a month to month basis. The monthly
rent on the unit is per month. 

and ,
respectively, as follows: 

Julian Parge 

Steven Plumb 

Total 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company paid base salary of 
to Mr. Jason Drummond. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid base salary of and a bonus of 
to Mr. Jason Drummond (paid to him or to his affiliates). 

As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and
 
was due to officers. The advances were unsecured, non-interest bearing with no formal terms of repayment. 

. 

Private Placements of Common Stock 

On February 3, 2021, Gaming Technologies, Inc.
(the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain accredited investors Purchase Agreement ),
pursuant to which the Company sold an aggregate of shares of its Common Stock for gross proceeds of in
a private placement. The Company paid a finder s fee to registered brokers in the amount of in connection with these
transactions resulting in net proceeds to the Company of . In connection with the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued to
certain registered brokers warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common at an exercise price of per
share, with an expiration date years from the date of issuance, pursuant to the terms of certain finder s fee agreements
previously entered into by the Company and such brokers. 

Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, each
investor was granted customary piggyback registration rights in the event the Company proposes to register the offer and sale of any shares
of its common stock, subject to the limitations set forth in the Purchase Agreement, such as a registration statement solely relating
to an offering or sale to employees or directors of the Company pursuant to employee stock plan or in connection with any dividend or
distribution. The Purchase Agreement also provides the investors the option and right to participate in future capital raising transactions
at the same purchase price and on the same terms and conditions as other investors participating in such transactions, for an aggregate
purchase price of up to 6,000,000. 

If, at any time during the twelve months following
sale of the Shares, the Company issues or sells shares of common stock or common stock equivalents, except for certain exempt issuances
as described in the Purchase Agreement, at a price below 2.50 per share, then immediately upon such issuance or sale, the Company will
deliver to the investors that number of restricted shares of common stock equal to the difference between the number of Shares purchased
by the investor pursuant to this Purchase Agreement and the number of shares of common stock the investor would have received for the
investor s subscription amount at the dilutive issuance price. 

In March 2021, the Company sold shares
of its Common Stock for gross proceeds of in a private placement. 

In August 2021, the Company sold shares
of its Common Stock for gross proceeds of in a private placement. The Company paid a finder s fee to registered brokers
in the amount of in connection with these transactions resulting in net proceeds to the Company of . In connection
with the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued to certain registered brokers warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares
of common at an exercise price of per share, with an expiration date years from the date of issuance, pursuant
to the terms of certain finder s fee agreements previously entered into by the Company and such brokers. 

We agreed with purchasers in our August 2021 private
placement that if, at any time during the 12 months following sale of the shares, we issue or sell shares of common stock or common stock
equivalents, except for certain exempt issuances as described in the purchase agreement, at a price below per share,
then immediately upon such issuance or sale, we will deliver to the investors a number of restricted shares of common stock equal to the
difference between the number of shares purchased by the investor pursuant to its purchase agreement and the number of shares of common
stock the investor would have received for the investor s subscription amount at the dilutive issuance price. We also agreed with
those investors to a most favored nation provision whereby until the earlier of 12 months after the sale of the shares,
the day after the date on which the our common stock is listed on a U.S. national securities exchange, or the date on which the purchaser
no longer holds any of the shares acquired by it in such placement, we will not consummate any unregistered private offering or an initial
(but not any subsequent) public offering of our capital stock (or securities convertible into shares of capital stock) for cash consideration
that provides the new investor any right, benefit, term or condition relating to the Shares that is more favorable in any material respect
to the new investor (with certain enumerated exceptions), unless (i) we notify the purchaser of such more favorable right, benefit, term
or condition within two business days prior to the new issuance, and (ii) purchaser has been provided with the opportunity to enter into
an agreement providing the purchaser such more favorable right, benefit, term or condition with respect to the purchased hares then held
by the purchaser. We included such shares in a resale registration statement filed on August 31, 2021, which became effective on November
12, 2021. 

On November and December 2022, the Company and
three existing investors modified the Securities Purchase Agreements, originally dated March 10, 2021, between the existing investors
and the Company such that: (a) the purchase price per share was modified to equal per share; (b) the total number of shares to be
issued is ; (c) most favored nation status, and rollover rights were granted. These shareholders were originally issued 
shares of the Company s common stock. As a result of these changes, the Company issued an additional shares to the investors.
and recorded the fair value of these shares of as a dividend. 

Private placements in 2022 

During 2022,
the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreements with accredited investors whereby the Company issued 
shares of its common stock for gross proceeds of .
The Company entered into finder s fee agreement with a broker which calls for the Company to pay commissions to the finders
totaling of 
resulting in net proceeds to the Company of .
In addition, the Company entered into finder s fee agreement with a broker which calls for the Company to pay a finder fee in
the form of 
shares of the Company s common stock. In the aggregate, the Company issued 
shares in these offerings. 

Shares Issued for Services 

On October 21, 2020, the Company entered into
an agreement with a consultant to serve as a board advisor. The term of the agreement is for one year and may be renewed at the end of
the term. Compensation consists of the following stock grants: shares of the Company s common stock within seven
days of the execution of the agreement, valued at 125,000, which was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2020; shares
of the Company s common stock upon the quotation of the Company s stock on OTC Markets, valued at recognized
during the year ended December 31, 2021; and 100,000 shares upon renewal during 2021, valued at 237,500, 

On November 6, 2020, the Company entered into
an agreement with a consultant to serve as a board advisor. The term of the agreement is for one year and may be renewed at the end of
the term. Compensation consists of the following stock grants: shares of the Company s common stock within seven
days of the execution of the agreement which was valued at and recorded during the year ended December 31, 2020. In addition,
50,000 shares of the Company s common stock were issued six months after the date of the agreement, which was May 6, 2021; 50,000
shares of the Company s common stock upon the first renewal of the agreement and 50,000 shares of the Company s common stock
six months after the first renewal; and, 100,000 shares of the Company common stock at each of the following two renewal periods, if the
agreement is renewed. The grant date fair value of 875,000 of these shares will be amortized over the service period. During the year
ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company amortized 250,000 and 250,000, representing the pro rata portion of the grant date fair
value of the shares vesting during the period. The Company issued 100,000 shares to the consultant during 2022. 

In January 2021, the Company entered into
two agreements with two consultants to provide investor relation services to the Company. The agreements are for a term of
one year . The Company issued shares of its common stock in exchange for the services. The common stock was
valued at at the time the agreements were executed. 

In February 2021, the Company entered into
an internet advertising campaign with a consultant. The contract is for a term of one year and calls for an initial
non-refundable deposit of upon the execution of the agreement and a payment of shares of the
Company s common stock valued at on the date of issuance. 

On October 20, 2021, Steven M. Plumb, CPA,
was appointed as the Company s chief financial officer through a contract (the Clear Agreement with Mr.
Plumb s entity, Clear Financial Solutions Clear ), pursuant to which Clear is paid per
month for Mr. Plumb s service. In addition, Mr. Plumb and Clear s other staff provide accounting and bookkeeping
services to the Company, in consideration for which Clear is paid 2,000 per month, plus hourly fees for annual and quarterly report
preparation. The contract expires on , and unless canceled by either party by written notice 60 days prior to expiration, will automatically renew for
successive twelve-month periods. Moreover, Mr. Plumb was awarded a stock grant for shares
of the Company s common stock, vesting six months from date of grant. The fair market value of the stock grant on the date of
grant was 

During October 2021, the Company issued restricted
stock grants to various consultants for services performed for the Company totaling shares with a fair market value of
 on the date of grant. 

During 2022, the Company issued 
shares of its common stock for services. The shares were valued at 
based on the fair value of the shares at the date of grant. Included in this amount were shares of it common stock valued
at issued to Big Bola in settlement of accrued fees of . 

In October 2022, the Company issued shares
of its common stock to Fabulous Las Vegas valued at as per the contract with Fabulous Las Vegas. 

Warrants 

A summary of warrant activity for the year ended December 31, 2022
is presented below: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Outstanding on December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Outstanding on December 31, 2022 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company issued 
and warrants to acquire common stock to various brokers and finders in connection with the sale of our common stock. 

In November 2021,
in connection with the issuance of the Secured Convertible Notes discussed in Note 7, the Company issued warrants
to purchase an aggregate of shares
of the Company s common stock. The relative fair value of the warrants at the date of grant was determined to be . 

In November 2021,
the Company issued warrants to purchase 
shares of the Company s common stock to certain existing shareholders in exchange for granting a waiver to certain
anti-dilution and most favored nation clauses in their stock purchase agreements. The warrants have a five-year term and an exercise
price of 2.75 and had a fair value of 
at the date of grant, which was reflected as a financing cost during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

In November 2022, the
Company issued warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock upon the extension of the due date of the Secured
Convertible Notes. The relative fair value of the warrants on the date of grant was determined to be and was recorded as a valuation
discount. 

The fair value of the
warrants issued in 2022 and 2021 was determined by a black scholes pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Weighted-average volatility 

Expected dividends 

Expected term (in years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

The warrants
issued in 2021 are exercisable at an exercise price equal to the lower of (x) 2.75 per share and (y) the price of the common stock of
the Company in a Qualified Offering (as defined in the Note Agreement at Note 7), subject to adjustment as described below, and the Warrants
are exercisable for five years after the issuance date. The Warrants are exercisable for cash at any time and are exercisable on a cashless
basis at any time there is no effective registration statement registering the shares of common stock underlying the Warrants. The exercise
price of the Warrants is subject to adjustment in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations,
reclassifications or similar events affecting the common stock and also upon any distributions of assets, including cash, stock or other
property to the Company s stockholders. The exercise price of the Warrants is also subject to full ratchet price
adjustment if the Company issues common stock or equivalents at a price per share lower than the then-current exercise price of the Warrant,
as described above for the conversion price of the Note (see Note 7.) 

The warrants
issued in 2022 are exercisable at an exercise price equal to the lower of (x) 2.75 per share and (y) the price of the common stock of
the Company in a Qualified Offering (as defined in the Note Agreement at Note 7), subject to adjustment as described below, and the Warrants
are exercisable for five years after the issuance date. The Warrants are exercisable for cash at any time and are exercisable on a cashless
basis at any time there is no effective registration statement registering the shares of common stock underlying the Warrants. The exercise
price of the Warrants is subject to adjustment in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations,
reclassifications or similar events affecting the common stock and also upon any distributions of assets, including cash, stock or other
property to the Company s stockholders. The exercise price of the Warrants is also subject to full ratchet price
adjustment if the Company issues common stock or equivalents at a price per share lower than the then-current exercise price of the Warrant,
as described above for the conversion price of the Note (see Note 7.) 

Stock-option plan 

On May 21, 2021, the shareholders of the Company
approved the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ). The purposes of the 2021 Plan are to (a) enable
the Company to attract and retain the types of employees, consultants and directors who will contribute to the Company s long-term
success; (b) provide incentives that align the interests of employees, consultants, and directors with those of the shareholders of the
Company; and (c) promote the success of the Company s business. The persons eligible to receive awards are the employees, consultants,
and directors of the Company and such other individuals designated by the 2021 Plan s administrative committee (the Committee) who
are reasonably expected to become employees, consultants, and directors after the receipt of Awards. Awards that may be granted under
the Plan include: (a) Incentive Stock Options, (b) Non-qualified Stock Options, (c) Stock Appreciation Rights, (d) Restricted Awards,
(e) Performance Share Awards, (f) Cash Awards, and (g) Other Equity-Based Awards. 3,000,000 shares are available for issuance under
the 2021 Plan. The shares available for issuance may be increased annually by the lesser of four percent (4 of the number of shares
of common stock issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31 or such number of shares of common stock as determined
by the Committee no later than the immediately preceding December 31. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
did t
have any outstanding stock options. 

Net operating loss carryforwards - U.S. 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

In assessing the potential realization of deferred
tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized.
The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the Company attaining future taxable income during the periods in which
those temporary differences become deductible. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, management was unable to determine if it is more likely
than not that the Company s deferred tax assets will be realized and has therefore recorded an appropriate valuation allowance against
deferred tax assets at such dates. 

No U.S. federal tax provision has been provided
for Gaming US for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 due to the losses incurred during such periods. 

The reconciliation below presents the difference
between the income tax rate computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory rate and the effective tax rate for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

Difference between U.S. and U.K. tax rates 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

The Company's United Kingdom subsidiary is subject
to the income tax laws of the United Kingdom. The corporate tax rate in the United Kingdom is 19 on income reported in its statutory
financial statements, after appropriate tax adjustments, for the fiscal years commencing April 1, 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020 and 18 for
the fiscal year commencing April 1, 2020 and thereafter. 

At December 31, 2022, the Company has available
net operating loss carryforwards for U.S. federal and United Kingdom corporate income tax purposes of approximately and
 , respectively. U.S. federal net operating losses, if not utilized earlier, expire through 2040. United Kingdom net operating
losses may be carried over indefinitely. 

and certain other amounts
as provided therein which amounts are included in advertising and marketing for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Pending Stock Split 

On December 7, 2022,
the Company filed a certificate of amendment to affect an authorized share increase with the Secretary of State of Delaware. 

On January 14,
2022, the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding voting shares of the Company, as
of the record date of October 20, 2021 , by written consent in lieu of a special
meeting of stockholders, approved an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation to (i) effect a reverse
stock split of our common stock, by a ratio of not less than 1-for-2 and not more than 1-for-8, and providing authority
to our Board of Directors to determine whether to effect a reverse stock
split and, if so to select the ratio of the reverse stock split in their discretion, and (ii) to increase the number of our
authorized shares of common stock from 45,000,000 to . 
These matters were authorized by the holders of 17,640,947 shares, or approximately 56 of the outstanding voting power, without
including any consents that may be received by the Company after that date. 

The Company anticipates
filing a certificate of amendment to affect a reverse stock split, if any, prior to the anticipated listing of its common stock and
warrants on the Nasdaq Capital Market and such actions being effective on, or just before, the date the common stock is listed
to the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Company will need to take the necessary steps to meet Nasdaq listing requirements, which may include
a reverse stock split, and there is no assurance that our common stock will be approved for listing on Nasdaq. 

Contingencies 

The Company may be subject to legal proceedings
from time to time as part of its business activities. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company was not subject to any threatened
or pending legal actions or claims. 

Contractual Commitments 

The Company has retained Julian Parge as a consultant
to Gaming UK, at the request and under the sole discretion of Gaming UK, at the rate of 9,773 (equivalent to 8,333) per month
up to a maximum of 117,280 (equivalent to 100,000) per annum. 

In August 2021, the Company entered into an
agreement with a production company to produce digital videos and promotional spots for its vale.mx brand. The Company is obligated
to pay upon the initiation of
the pre production phase of the work. The pre production phase was completed in December 2021 and the production company has agreed
to defer payment until the Company has raised a minimum of 6,000,000 in capital through either a public offering or a private
placement. 

In September 2021, the Company entered into a
contract with a service provider for brand awareness and social media campaigns. The service provider will be paid a monthly retainer
 50,157 for the term of the agreement, which runs through February 2022. The Company has agreed to spend 1,750,000 during the term of
the agreement for the placement of advertisements on various social media platforms, which will be spent in two phases. Phase 1 began
upon execution of the agreement and Phase II was to begin upon the completion of a capital raise in excess of 5,000,000 from an underwritten
public offering in the United States and the listing of the Company s common stock on a U.S. national securities exchange. The Company
has paid the service provider 500,000 towards the advertising obligation during the year ended December 31, 2021, which is included in
advertising and marketing expenses. The parties have agreed to abandon Phase II and the contract was not renewed. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2022,
the Company cancelled contracts with a value of 420,000 related to activities that were expected to occur subsequent to an uplisting
on the Nasdaq national securities exchange. Due to the delays in the capital raise necessary to complete the uplisting, the Company does
not anticipate beginning these activities in the near future and, accordingly cancelled the contracts. 

Big Bola 

On November 13, 2020, we entered into an Agreement
for the Provision of Online Gaming Management and Consulting Services (as subsequently amended) with Comercial de Juegos de la Frontera,
S.A. de C.V., a Mexican company doing business as Big Bola, pursuant to which we provide to Big Bola consulting and management services
related to their interactive online betting and gaming business in Mexico via the web site www.vale.mx, a regulated online casino and
sports betting site. vale.mx operates under Big Bola s existing license issued by the General Directorate of Games and Raffles of
the Ministry of Interior (SEGOB). Big Bola is one of only 14 operators legally authorized to offer legal betting and
online casino services in Mexico. vale.mx has more than 500 online premium casino games available, which can be enjoyed both on mobile
or via desktop. Players can receive promotions and play live roulette and blackjack, or high-definition slots from leading software providers
such as NetEnt, Microgaming, Pragmatic Play, Evolution and Matrix Studios. We are responsible for player acquisition, promotion and retention
for vale.mx. We manage players accounts and are required to ensure that the balance in players accounts at all times satisfies
the requirements under applicable law, and we pay out winnings to players from Big Bola s account. While Big Bola bears liability
to the players as provided by the permit, as between us and Big Bola we bear the costs of this obligation. Each party indemnifies the
other against certain liabilities and claims. Under the terms of the amended agreement, we share 75 of gross gaming revenue generated
from the platform, subject to certain minimum guaranteed monthly amounts of Big Bola s participation in the remaining gross gaming
revenues. This venture began operations in February 2021. 

In June 2022, the Company and Big Bola entered
into a Side Letter Agreement SLA whereby Big Bola agreed to convert in fees owed to it by the Company into 
shares of the Company s common stock. The Company recorded the fees as incurred and they are included in accounts payable at September
30, 2022. The Company was required to issue the shares by July 10, 2022. The shares were issued in October 2022. In addition, the Company
agreed to make payments on in guaranteed participation fees due to Big Bola as follows: no later than July 14, 2022;
 on later than August 14, 2022; and no later than September 14, 2022. The guaranteed participation fees have been recorded
by the Company as they were incurred and are included in accounts payable at September 30, 2022. The July, August, September, and October
payments have not been made as of the date of this filing. In addition, Big Bola agreed that it will not collect from the Company the
guaranteed participation fee of per month for the months of June, July and August of 2022 and that the guaranteed participation
fee for the months of September, October and November of 2022 was reduced to per month. Effective December 1, 2022, the parties
reverted to the terms of the original agreement, as amended. 

In December 2022, the Company canceled the Big
Bola contract. As a result of the cancellation of the Big Bola contract, the Company incurred a charge of to settle the remaining
balance owed to Big Bola under the contract, which amount has been accrued and included in accounts payable and accrued expenses as of
December 31, 2022. 

Impact of COVID-19 on the Company 

The global outbreak of
COVID-19 has led to severe disruptions in general economic activities, as businesses and governments have taken broad actions to mitigate
this public health crisis. Although the Company has not experienced any significant disruption to its business to date, these conditions
could significantly negatively impact the Company's business in the future. 

The extent to which the
COVID-19 outbreak ultimately impacts the Company's business, future revenues, results of operations and financial condition will depend
on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of
the outbreak, its severity and longevity, the actions to curtail the virus and treat its impact (including an effective vaccine), and
how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. Even after the COVID-19 outbreak has subsided, the
Company may be at risk of experiencing a significant impact to its business as a result of the global economic impact, including any economic
downturn or recession that has occurred or may occur in the future. 

Currently, capital markets
have been disrupted by the crisis, as a result of which the availability, amount and type of financing available to the Company in the
near future is uncertain and cannot be assured and is largely dependent upon evolving market conditions and other factors. 

The Company intends to
continue to monitor the situation and may adjust its current business plans as more information and guidance become available. 

F- 29 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 gametech_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Jason Drummond, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form
10-K of Gaming Technologies, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: May 1, 2023 

/s/ Jason Drummond 

Jason Drummond 

President, Chief Executive Officer, and
Secretary 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 gametech_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Steven M. Plumb, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form
10-K of Gaming Technologies, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: May 1, 2023 

/s/ Steven M. Plumb 

Steven M. Plumb 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 gametech_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

In connection with the annual report of Gaming
Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jason Drummond, Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of
Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date: May 1, 2023 

/s/ Jason Drummond 

Jason Drummond 

President, Chief Executive Officer, and
Secretary 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 gametech_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION 

In connection with the annual report of Gaming
Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Steven M. Plumb, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of
Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date: May 1, 2023 

/s/ Steven M. Plumb 

Steven M. Plumb 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 gmgt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 gmgt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 gmgt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 gmgt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

