<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1490161_0001683168-23-002404.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7905666</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>234688</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1279600</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2334122</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1754937</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2112749</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-002404.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414161108
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-002404
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sow Good Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001490161
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				272345075
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53952
		FILM NUMBER:		23821268

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1440 N. UNION BOWER
		CITY:			IRVING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75061
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(214) 623-6055

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1440 N. UNION BOWER
		CITY:			IRVING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75061

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Black Ridge Oil & Gas, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120403

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ante5, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100422

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-002404.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 sowgood_i10k-123122.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

Table of Contents 

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF 

 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: , 2022 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State of Incorporation) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 

Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of Each Exchange On 
 Which Registered 

OTCQB 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark
whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by
any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of voting stock held
by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately as of June 30, 2022 (computed by reference to the last sale price
of a share of the registrant s Common Stock on that date as reported by OTC Bulletin Board). 

There were shares outstanding of the
registrant s common stock as of April 12, 2023. 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

We are including the following
discussion to inform our existing and potential security holders generally of some of the risks and uncertainties that can affect our
company and to take advantage of the safe harbor protection for forward-looking statements that applicable federal securities
law affords. 

From time to time, our management
or persons acting on our behalf may make forward-looking statements to inform existing and potential security holders about our company.
All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this report regarding our financial position, business strategy,
plans and objectives of management for future operations and industry conditions are forward-looking statements. When used in this report,
forward-looking statements are generally accompanied by terms or phrases such as estimate, project, predict, 
 believe, expect, anticipate, target, plan, intend, 
 seek, goal, will, should, may or other words and similar expressions
that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Items making assumptions regarding actual or potential future sales, market
size, collaborations, trends or operating results also constitute such forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking statements
involve inherent risks and uncertainties, and important factors (many of which are beyond our control) that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements include the following: 

volatility or decline of our stock price; 
 
 low trading volume and illiquidity of our common stock; 
 
 potential fluctuation in quarterly results; 
 
 inability to maintain adequate liquidity to meet our financial obligations; 
 
 failure to obtain sufficient sales and distributions for our freeze-dried product offerings; 
 
 supply chain disruption and delay; 
 
 transportation, labor, and raw material cost increases; 
 
 litigation, disputes and legal claims involving outside parties; and 
 
 risks related to our ability to be traded on the OTCQB and meeting trading requirements 

We have based these forward-looking
statements on our current expectations and assumptions about future events. While our management considers these expectations and assumptions
to be reasonable, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive, regulatory and other risks and uncertainties,
most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Accordingly, results actually achieved may differ materially
from expected results in these statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. You should consider carefully
the statements in Item 1A. Risk Factors and other sections of this report, which describe factors that could cause our actual
results to differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. 

Readers are urged not to place
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We assume no obligation to update
any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this report, other than
as may be required by applicable law or regulation. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by
us in our reports filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC which attempt to advise interested
parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. If one or more
of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may vary materially
from those expected or projected. 

i 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART 1 

ITEM 1 
 
 Business 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A 
 
 Risk Factors 
 3 
 
 ITEM 1B 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 8 
 
 ITEM 2 
 
 Properties 
 8 
 
 ITEM 3 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 8 
 
 ITEM 4 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 8 

PART II 

ITEM 5 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 9 
 
 ITEM 6 
 
 Selected Financial Data 
 11 
 
 ITEM 7 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 11 
 
 ITEM 7A 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 20 
 
 ITEM 8 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 21 
 
 ITEM 9 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 22 
 
 ITEM 9A 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 22 
 
 ITEM 9B 
 
 Other Information 
 23 

PART III 

ITEM 10 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 24 
 
 ITEM 11 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 29 
 
 ITEM 12 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 33 
 
 ITEM 13 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 35 
 
 ITEM 14 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 38 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 41 
 
 ITEM 16 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 44 
 
 SIGNATURES 

45 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

Effective January 21, 2021,
we changed our name from Black Ridge Oil Gas, Inc. to Sow Good Inc. SOWG, Sow Good, or the Company ).
Our common stock is traded on the OTCQB under the trading symbol SOWG . 

The Company produces
a line of freeze-dried snacks, smoothies, soups and granola. We are marketing our line of products via our direct-to-consumer focused
website, as well as via the business-to-business sales channel. We have also recently launched a freeze-dried candy product offering that
we expect will be a major driver of our growth going forward. 

In 2022, we commenced
the construction of our second and third freeze driers in anticipation of the increased production demands for our products and freeze-drying
expertise. We expect to place these additional freeze driers in service during the second quarter of 2023. 

Our business operates
under two distinct brands, Sow Good and Sustain Us. Our unique food products are targeted to the large, and growing, freeze-dried food
products market. 

With the extensive
freeze-dried manufacturing and food product-focused business development experience of our senior management team, we believe we are well
positioned to lead the Company's growth and development in the freeze-dried food industry. 

S-FDF Business Combination 

On
October 1, 2020, the Company completed its acquisition of S-FDF, LLC (the Seller ), a Texas limited liability company, pursuant
to an Asset Purchase Agreement, between the Company and the Seller, dated June 9, 2020, as subsequently amended effective October 1,
2020. In connection with the closing of the Asset Purchase Agreement, the Company acquired approximately 2.2 million in cash and
certain assets and agreements related to the Seller s freeze-dried fruits and vegetables business for human consumption and entered
into certain employment and registration rights agreements. The Company did not assume any liabilities of Seller or any liabilities, liens,
or encumbrances pertaining to or encumbering the Purchased Assets, except for those related to agreements or arrangements specified in
the Asset Purchase Agreement. The Seller transferred the Purchased Assets to the Company in exchange for the issuance of 1,120,000 shares
of the Company s common stock to the Seller. The number of Seller Shares to be issued was subject to adjustment, as specified in
the Asset Purchase Agreement, as amended, based on the extent to which the amount of cash proceeds held by the Company, as derived from
the sale of the Company s holdings of Allied Esports Entertainment Inc. AESE Shares, were less than 5 million
or greater than 6 million on the date specified in the Asset Purchase Agreement, which resulted in the issuance of an additional
500,973 Seller Shares that were issued on January 4, 2021. The combined issuances represented approximately 46 of the Company s
issued and outstanding common stock, on a fully diluted basis. Black Ridge Oil Gas, Inc. was determined to be the acquiror of the
business combination. 

Pursuant
to its obligations under the Asset Purchase Agreement, on the Closing Date the Company, (a) created three new seats on the Company s
Board of Directors and appointed the Seller s principals, Ira Goldfarb and Claudia Goldfarb, and a third person designated by the
Goldfarbs, Greg Creed, as directors, (b) entered into employment agreements with Ira Goldfarb and Claudia Goldfarb, (c) delivered a registration
rights agreement with respect to the Seller Shares and any shares of common stock delivered as part of the employment compensation for
Ira Goldfarb or Claudia Goldfarb, and (d) amended the Company s 2020 Stock Incentive Plan to increase the number of shares of common
stock reserved thereunder. At closing, the Company also assumed the Seller s obligations under a real property lease for its facility
in Irving, Texas under which an entity owned entirely by Ira Goldfarb is the landlord. 

1 

BRAC Business Combination 

On
October 10, 2017, the Company s sponsored special purpose acquisition company, Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. BRAC ),
completed an IPO raising 138,000,000 of gross proceeds (including proceeds from the exercise of an over-allotment option by the underwriters
on October 18, 2017). In addition, the Company purchased 445,000 BRAC units at 10.00 per unit in a private placement transaction for
a total contribution of 4,450,000 in order to fulfill its obligations in sponsoring BRAC, a blank check company formed for the purpose
of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business
combination with one or more businesses or entities. BRAC s efforts to identify a prospective target business were not limited to
a particular industry or geographic region. Following the IPO and over-allotment, BROG owned 22 of the outstanding common stock of BRAC
and managed BRAC s operations via a management services agreement through December 31, 2019. On December 19, 2018, BRAC entered
into a business combination agreement, which subsequently closed on August 9, 2019. BRAC was renamed Allied Esports Entertainment,
Inc. following the merger, or AESE , and referred to herein, as such. 

Going Concern Uncertainty 

As of December 31, 2022, the
Company had a cash balance of 276,464 and total working capital of 1,687,880. We are too early in our development stage to project revenue
with a necessary level of certainty; therefore, we may not have sufficient funds to sustain our operations for the next twelve months
and we may need to raise additional cash to fund our operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. The Company has commenced sales and continues to develop its operations. In the event sales do not materialize
at the expected rates, management would seek additional financing or would attempt to conserve cash by further reducing expenses. There
can be no assurance that we will be successful in achieving these objectives. 

We continue to pursue sources
of additional capital through various financing transactions or arrangements, equity or debt financing or other means. Our ability to
scale production and distribution capabilities and further increase the value of our brands, is largely dependent on our success in raising
additional capital. 

We may not be successful in
identifying suitable funding transactions in a sufficient time period or at all, and we may not obtain the capital we require by other
means. If we do not succeed in raising additional capital, our resources may not be sufficient to fund or expand our business. 

The report of the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm that accompanies its audited financial statements in the Company s Annual Report on
Form 10-K contains an explanatory paragraph regarding the substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of the going concern
uncertainty. 

Business 

The Company produces
a line of freeze-dried snacks, smoothies, soups and granola. We are marketing our line of products via our direct-to-consumer focused
website, as well as via the business-to-business sales channel. We have also recently launched a freeze-dried candy product offering that
we expect will be a major driver of our growth going forward. 

In 2022, we commenced
the construction of our second and third freeze driers in anticipation of the increased production demands for our products and freeze-drying
expertise. We expect to place these additional freeze driers in service during the second quarter of 2023. 

Our business operates
under two distinct brands, Sow Good and Sustain Us. Our unique food products are targeting the large, and growing, freeze-dried food products
market. 

With the extensive
freeze-dried manufacturing and food product-focused business development experience of our senior management team, including recent additions,
we believe we are well positioned to lead the Company's growth and development in the freeze-dried food industry. 

2 

Principal Agreements Affecting Our Ordinary
Business 

Our principal agreements for
our continuing operations take the form of employment agreements, whereby our management is compensated through a variety of forms, including
cash and equity . 

Employees 

We
currently have 31 full time employees. We may hire additional technical or
administrative personnel as appropriate. We are using and will continue to use the services of independent consultants and contractors
to perform various professional services for us or on behalf of our partners. We believe that this use of third-party service providers
enhances our ability to contain general and administrative expenses. 

Office Locations 

Our executive offices are
located at 1440 N Union Bower Rd, Irving, TX 75061. Our office space is included in our production facility, which consists of approximately
20,945 square feet leased pursuant to a lease agreement through September 15, 2025, with two five-year options to extend, under
which an entity owned entirely by Ira Goldfarb is the landlord . 

Financial Information about Segments and Geographic
Areas 

We have not segregated our
operations into segments or geographic areas. 

Available Information Reports to Security
Holders 

Our website addresses are
www.thisissowgood.com and www.sowginc.com. We make available on our www.sowginc.com website, free of charge, our annual reports on Form
10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports after we electronically file those materials
with, or furnish those materials to, the SEC. Electronic filings with the SEC are also available on the SEC internet website at www.sec.gov. 

We also post to our website
our Audit Committee Charter and our Code of Ethics, in addition to all pertinent company contact information. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Risks Related to Our Business 

Our freeze-dried foods
business is essentially a start-up, and does not have any meaningful history of operations. 

The assets we purchased under
the Asset Purchase Agreement were of a development stage business without any major customers or history of operations upon which to forecast
future business trends. We cannot guarantee that we will become profitable. As a developing company, we will need to adopt and implement
a plan to increase awareness of our products, secure distribution channels, and foster and strengthen our supply, manufacturing and distribution
relationships. It is likely our strategic priorities will need to evolve over time and our business would be materially and adversely
effected if we do not properly adapt our strategies to our changing needs and changes in the market. 

As our operations develop
and grow, we expect to experience significant increases in our working capital requirements. These conditions raise doubt over our ability
to meet all of our obligations over the next twelve months if we are unable to obtain additional capital. Even if we obtain additional
capital and achieve profitability, given the competitive and evolving nature of the industry in which we operate, we may be unable to
sustain or increase profitability and our failure to do so would adversely affect the Company s business, including our ability
to raise additional funds. 

3 

We have very limited internal
distribution and marketing capabilities and are only in the early stages of building our distribution network. 

We have launched our freeze-dried
food products commercially, but continue to make efforts at expanding our sales and distribution. In order to be successful, we will need
to establish a direct-to-consumer platform and/or relationships with numerous retail outlets through which our products can be sold. We
have extremely limited internal marketing and distribution capabilities and resources. There can be no assurance that we will be successful
in establishing a meaningful distribution network or direct to consumer platform or that if the same is established that such network
or platform will result in profitable sales of our products. 

We may need additional
financing in the future, which may not be available when needed or may be costly and dilutive. 

We may require additional
financing to support our working capital needs in the future. The amount of additional capital we may require, the timing of our capital
needs and the availability of financing to fund those needs will depend on a number of factors, including our strategic initiatives and
operating plans, the performance of our business and the market conditions for debt or equity financing. Additionally, the amount of capital
required will depend on our ability to meet our sales goals and otherwise successfully execute our operating plan. Although we believe
various debt and equity financing alternatives will be available to us to support our working capital needs, financing arrangements on
acceptable terms may not be available to us when needed. Additionally, these alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest
and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders. Any such financing alternatives may not provide us with sufficient
funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. 

A worsening of economic
conditions or a decrease in consumer spending may adversely impact our ability to implement our business strategy. 

Our success depends to a significant
extent on discretionary consumer spending, which is influenced by general economic conditions and the availability of discretionary income.
There is no certainty regarding economic conditions in the United States, and credit and financial markets and confidence in economic
conditions could deteriorate at any time. Accordingly, we may experience declines in revenue during economic turmoil or during periods
of uncertainty. In addition, sustained periods of inflation may result in a decline in the amount of discretionary spending and otherwise
hamper our gross margins. Any material decline in the amount of discretionary spending, leading cost-conscious consumers to be more selective
in food products purchased, could have a material adverse effect on our revenue, results of operations, business and financial condition. 

Fluctuations in various
food and supply costs, particularly related to fruit, could adversely affect our operating results. 

Supplies and prices of the
ingredients that we are going to use to be affected by a variety of factors, such as weather, seasonal fluctuations, demand, politics
and economics in the production areas. 

These factors subject us to
shortages or interruptions in product supplies, which could adversely affect our revenue and profits. In addition, the price of fruit,
which is currently our main ingredient in our products, can be highly volatile. The fruit of the quality we seek tends to trade on a negotiated
basis, depending on supply and demand at the time of the purchase. An increase in pricing of any fruit that we are going to use in our
products could have a significant adverse effect on our profitability. We cannot assure you that we will be able to secure our fruit supply.
In addition, we may face limits on the ability to source some of the candy for our freeze-dried candy products. 

In addition, our costs are
affected by general inflationary pressures related to transportation and shipping costs, particularly to the extent we have additional
retail sales and smaller order quantities. We are also subject to a reduction in our profitability due to increased labor costs for our
employees. As we look to expand our distribution and market, we may not be able to increase our sales prices to absorb these costs. We
cannot provide assurances that we will be able to maintain profitability consistent with our goals. 

As we consider adding additional
freeze driers, we also anticipate that the costs for this equipment will be more than as well as the lead time to receive the equipment
once ordered will be longer than we have planned. This could increase our capital needs and also delay our ability to ramp up production
in a timely manner to correspond to demand. 

4 

Our success depends on
our ability to correctly predict, identify, and interpret changes in consumer preferences and demand, to offer new products to meet those
changes, and to respond to competitive innovation. 

Consumer preferences for food
and beverage products change continually and rapidly. Our success depends on our ability to predict, identify, and interpret the tastes
and dietary habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to consumer preferences. If we do not offer products that appeal to
consumers, our sales and market share will decrease, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition,
and operating results. 

We must distinguish between
short-term trends and long-term changes in consumer preferences. If we do not accurately predict which shifts in consumer preferences
will be long-term, or if we fail to introduce new and improved products to satisfy those preferences, our sales could decline. 

Our business depends substantially
on the continuing efforts of our senior management and other key personnel, and our business may be severely disrupted if we lose their
services. 

Our future success heavily
depends on the continued service of our senior management and other key employees. If one or more of our senior executives is unable or
unwilling to continue to work for us in his or her present position, we may have to spend a considerable amount of time and resources
searching, recruiting, and integrating a replacement into our operations, which would substantially divert management s attention
from our business and severely disrupt our business. This may also adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy. 

We may be unable to attract
and retain qualified, experienced, highly skilled personnel, which could adversely affect the implementation of our business plan. 

Our success depends to a significant
degree upon our ability to attract, retain and motivate skilled and qualified personnel. As we become a more mature company in the future,
we may find recruiting and retention efforts more challenging. If we do not succeed in attracting, hiring and integrating excellent personnel,
we may be unable to grow effectively. The loss of any key employee, including members of our senior management team, and our inability
to attract highly skilled personnel with sufficient experience in our industries could harm our business. 

Our ability to maintain
and expand our distribution network and attract consumers, distributors, retailers and brokers will depend on a number of factors, some
of which are outside our control. 

Some of these factors include: 

the level of demand for our brands and products types; 
 
 our ability to price our products at levels competitive with those of competing products; and 
 
 our ability to deliver products in the quantity and at the time ordered by consumers, distributors, retailers
and brokers. 

We may not be able to successfully
manage all or any of these factors in any of our current or prospective geographic areas of distribution. Our inability to achieve success
with regards to any of these factors in a geographic distribution area will have a material adverse effect on our relationships in that
particular geographic area, thus limiting our ability to maintain or expand our market, which will likely adversely affect our revenues
and financial results. 

5 

If we do not adequately
manage our inventory levels, our operating results could be adversely affected. 

We will need to maintain adequate
inventory levels to be able to deliver products on a timely basis. Our inventory supply depends on our ability to correctly estimate demand
for our products. Our ability to estimate demand for our products is imprecise, particularly for new products. If we materially underestimate
demand for our products or are unable to maintain sufficient inventory of raw materials, we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term
basis. If we overestimate demand for our products, we may end up with too much inventory, resulting in higher storage costs and increased
trade spend. If we fail to manage our inventory to meet demand, we could damage our relationships with our customers and retailers and
could delay or lose sales opportunities, which would unfavorably impact our future sales and adversely affect our operating results. 

We are highly dependent
on Ira and Claudia Goldfarb, our Executive Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer, and our other executive officers and employees. The
loss of one or more of them, upon whose knowledge, leadership and technical expertise we rely, would harm our ability to execute our business
plan. 

Our success depends heavily upon the continued
contributions of Ira and Claudia Goldfarb, our Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, respectively, whose knowledge, leadership
and technical expertise would be difficult to replace. If we were to lose their services, our ability to execute our business plan would
be harmed and we may be forced to cease operations until such time as we are able to suitably replace them. Any of our executive officers
may terminate their employment with our company at any time. 

We may not be able to effectively
manage our growth, which may harm our profitability. 

Our strategy envisions the
expansion of our business. If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our financial results could be adversely affected. Growth may
place a strain on our management systems and resources. We must continue to refine and expand our business capabilities, our systems and
processes and our access to financing sources. As we grow, we must continue to hire, train, supervise and manage new employees. We cannot
assure that we will be able to: 

meet our capital needs; 
 
 expand our systems effectively or efficiently or in a timely manner; 
 
 allocate our human resources optimally; 

identify and engage qualified employees and consultants, or retain valued employees and consultants; or 
 
 incorporate effectively the components of any business that we may acquire in our effort to achieve growth. 

If we are unable to manage our growth, our financial
condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

Risks Related to Our Industry 

The challenges of competing
with other freeze-dried food businesses may result in reductions in our revenue and operating margins. 

We will compete with many
companies on the basis of taste, quality and price of product offered, and customer service. Our success depends, in part, upon the popularity
of our products and our ability to develop new items that appeal to a broad range of consumers. Shifts in consumer preferences away from
products like ours, our inability to develop new items that appeal to a broad range of consumers, or changes in our offerings that eliminate
products popular with some consumers could harm our business. We compete with other manufacturers of freeze-dried foods, frozen foods,
convenience foods, health foods and packaged goods. Many of our competitors or potential competitors have substantially greater financial
and other resources than we do, which may allow them to react to changes in the market quicker than we can. In addition, aggressive pricing
by our competitors or the entrance of new competitors into our markets, could reduce our revenue and operating margins. We also compete
with other employers in our markets for workers and may become subject to higher labor costs as a result of such competition. Recently
there has been a significant increase in labor costs. 

6 

Concerns over food safety
and public health may affect our operations by increasing our costs and negatively impacting demand for our products. 

We could be adversely affected
by diminishing confidence in the safety and quality of certain food products or ingredients. As a result, we may elect or be required
to incur additional costs aimed at increasing consumer confidence in the safety of our products. Our success depends on our ability to
maintain the quality of our existing and new products. Product quality issues, real or imagined, or allegations of product contamination,
even if false or unfounded, could tarnish the image of our brands and may cause consumers to choose other products. 

Product liability exposure
may expose us to significant liability. 

We may face an inherent business
risk of exposure to product liability and other claims and lawsuits in the event that the development or use of our technology or prospective
products is alleged to have resulted in adverse effects. We may not be able to avoid significant liability exposure. Although we believe
our insurance coverage to be adequate, we may not have sufficient insurance coverage, and we may not be able to obtain sufficient coverage
at a reasonable cost. An inability to obtain product liability insurance at acceptable cost or to otherwise protect against potential
product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our products. A product liability claim could hurt our financial
performance. Even if we ultimately avoid financial liability for this type of exposure, we may incur significant costs in defending ourselves
that could hurt our financial performance and condition. 

Risks Related to our Common Stock 

The market price of our
common stock is, and is likely to continue to be, highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. 

The market price of our common
stock is likely to continue to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a number of factors, some of
which are beyond our control, including but not limited to: 

dilution caused by our issuance of additional shares of common stock and other forms of equity securities, which we expect to make in connection with future capital financings to fund our operations and growth, to attract and retain valuable personnel and in connection with future strategic partnerships with other companies; 

quarterly variations in our revenues and operating expenses as we commence our production and sales; 

changes in the valuation of similarly situated companies, both in our industry and in other industries; 

challenges associated with timely SEC filings; 

illiquidity and lack of marketability by being an OTC traded stock; 

changes in analysts estimates affecting our company, our competitors and/or our industry; 

changes in the accounting methods used in or otherwise affecting our industry; 

additions and departures of key personnel; 

fluctuations in interest rates and the availability of capital in the capital markets; and 

significant sales of our common stock, including sales by selling shareholders following the registration of shares under a prospectus. 

These and other factors are
largely beyond our control, and the impact of these risks, singly or in the aggregate, may result in material adverse changes to the market
price of our common stock and our results of operations and financial condition. 

7 

Our operating results may
fluctuate significantly, and these fluctuations may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

Our operating results will
likely vary in the future primarily as the result of fluctuations in our revenues and operating expenses, including the expenses that
we incur and other factors. If our results of operations do not meet the expectations of current or potential investors, the price of
our common stock may decline. 

Shareholders will experience
dilution upon the exercise of outstanding warrants and options and issuance of common stock under our incentive plans. 

As of December 31, 2022,
we had options for 2,000 shares of common stock outstanding under our 2012 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan, options for
an additional 1,000 shares of common stock outstanding under our 2016 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan and options for another 587,991
shares of common stock under our 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2020 Equity Plan ), for a total
of 590,991 outstanding options and a cumulative total of 260,671 available shares that could be issued under our stock incentive plans .
If the holders of outstanding options exercise those options or our compensation committee or full board of directors determines to grant
additional stock awards under our incentive plan, shareholders may experience dilution in the net tangible book value of our common stock.
Further, the sale or availability for sale of the underlying shares in the marketplace as a result of the exercise of existing options
and the grant of additional options could depress our stock price. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Executive Offices 

Our executive offices are
located at 1440 N Union Bower Rd, Irving, TX 75061. Our office space is included in our production facility, which consists of approximately
20,945 square feet leased pursuant to a lease agreement through September 15, 2025, with two five-year options to extend, under
which an entity owned entirely by Ira Goldfarb is the landlord . 

Research and Development 

We anticipate performing product
research and development as required for our products and distribution under our new plan of operation. The Company currently has one
full-time employee dedicated to product research and development. The Company s research and development activities primarily consist
of product formulation, nutritional analysis, and taste analysis. 

Delivery Commitments 

We do not currently have any
delivery commitments under our plan of operation. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm our business. We are not presently a party to any material litigation, nor to the knowledge of management is any litigation threatened
against us, which may materially affect us . 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None. 

8 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Common Stock 

There is a limited public
market for our common stock. Shares of our common stock trade on the over-the-counter market and are quoted on the OTCQB tier of the OTC
Markets under the symbol SOWG . As of March 31, 2023, the closing price of our common stock was 4.20. 

Quotations on the OTCQB reflect
inter-dealer prices, without retail markup, mark-down, or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

The following table sets forth,
for the fiscal quarters indicated, the high and low bid information for our common stock, as reported on the OTC Markets. The following
quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

First Quarter 
 3.05 
 1.71 
 
 Second Quarter 
 4.50 
 1.85 
 
 Third Quarter 
 4.05 
 1.91 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 3.54 
 1.75 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021 

First Quarter 
 7.00 
 3.66 
 
 Second Quarter 
 6.50 
 4.40 
 
 Third Quarter 
 7.00 
 2.57 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 4.40 
 1.06 

As of March 31, 2023,
there were approximately 365 record holders of our common stock, not including shares held in street name in brokerage accounts
which is unknown. As of March 31, 2023, there were 4,847,384 shares of common stock outstanding on record. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Effective December
5, 2019, the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan was approved by our Board. Amongst other things, the
2020 Plan authorized a total of 320,000 shares of our common stock. Subsequently, on October 1, 2020, January 4, 2021 and again on
March 19, 2021, the Board approved an increase in the number of shares of common stock reserved under the 2020 Plan, from
320,000 shares to a total of 814,150 shares. The increase was approved by a majority of shareholders of record on September 3, 2021.
The following table sets forth certain information regarding our 2020 Plan as of December 31, 2022: 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding stock options 
 
 Weighted-average exercise price of 
 outstanding stock options 
 
 Number of securities remaining available for 
 future issuance under the 2020 Plan 
 
 612,142 
 
 4.37 
 
 202,008 

9 

For the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we issued 137,597 and 257,975 stock options pursuant to the 2020 Plan. There were 60,975 and
161,606 options cancelled or forfeited pursuant to the 2020 Plan during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Effective December 12, 2016,
the 2016 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (the 2016 Plan was approved by our Board. Amongst other things, the 2016
Plan authorized a total of 12,712 shares of our common stock. The following table sets forth certain information regarding our 2016 Plan
as of December 31, 2022: 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding stock options 
 
 Weighted-average exercise price of 
 outstanding stock options 
 
 Number of securities remaining available for 
 future issuance under the 2016 Plan 
 
 3,000 
 
 12.00 
 
 9,712 

For the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we issued no stock options pursuant to the 2016 Plan. There were 1,000 options cancelled or
forfeited pursuant to the 2016 Plan during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Effective March 2, 2012,
the 2012 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (the 2012 Plan was approved by our Board and the holders of a majority
of our outstanding shares, replacing the Ante5, Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. Amongst other things, the 2012 Plan increased
the number of shares reserved under the Plan to a total of 25,000 shares of our common stock. The following table sets forth certain information
regarding the 2012 Plan as of December 31, 2022: 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding stock options 
 
 Weighted-average exercise price of 
 outstanding stock options 
 
 Number of securities remaining available for 
 future issuance under the 2012 Plan 
 
 2,000 
 
 113.52 
 
 22,800 

For the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we issued no stock options pursuant to the 2012 Plan. There were 667 and 1,666 options cancelled
or forfeited pursuant to the 2012 Plan during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Warrants 

On December 21, 2022 ,
warrants to purchase an aggregate 62,500 shares of common stock were issued to a director pursuant to a private placement debt offering
in which aggregate proceeds of 250,000 were received in exchange for promissory notes and warrants to purchase an aggregate 62,500 shares
of common stock, representing 25,000 warrant shares per 100,000 of promissory notes. The warrants are fully vested and exercisable
over a period of 10 years at a price of 2.60 per share. The Company may redeem outstanding warrants prior to their expiration, at a price
of 0.01 per share, provided that the volume weighted average sale price per share of Common Stock equals or exceeds 9.00 per share for
thirty (30) consecutive trading days ending on the third business day prior to the mailing of notice of such redemption. 

On September 29, 2022 ,
warrants to purchase an aggregate 187,500 shares of common stock were issued to directors pursuant to a private placement debt offering
in which aggregate proceeds of 750,000 were received in exchange for promissory notes and warrants to purchase an aggregate 187,500 shares
of common stock, representing 25,000 warrant shares per 100,000 of promissory notes. The warrants are fully vested and exercisable
over a period of 10 years at a price of 2.60 per share. The Company may redeem outstanding warrants prior to their expiration, at a price
of 0.01 per share, provided that the volume weighted average sale price per share of Common Stock equals or exceeds 9.00 per share for
thirty (30) consecutive trading days ending on the third business day prior to the mailing of notice of such redemption. 

10 

On April 8, 2022, warrants
to purchase an aggregate 925,000 shares of common stock were issued pursuant to a private placement debt offering in which aggregate proceeds
of 3,700,000 were received in exchange for promissory notes and warrants to purchase an aggregate 925,000 shares of common stock, representing
25,000 warrant shares per 100,000 of promissory notes. The warrants are fully vested and exercisable over a period of 10 years at a price
of 2.35 per share. The Company may redeem outstanding warrants prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per share, provided that
the volume weighted average sale price per share of Common Stock equals or exceeds 9.00 per share for thirty (30) consecutive trading
days ending on the third business day prior to the mailing of notice of such redemption. A total of 780,000 of the warrants were issued
to officers or directors. 

On
December 31, 2021, the Company closed a private placement and concurrently entered into a Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement with related
parties to sell an aggregate 2,075,000 of promissory notes and warrants to purchase an aggregate 311,250 shares of common stock, representing
15,000 warrant shares per 100,000 of promissory notes. The warrants are exercisable at a price of 2.21 per share over a ten-year term. 
The officers, directors and related parties receiving grants and the amounts of such grants were as follows: 

Stock Warrant 
 
 Name and Title at Time of Grant 
 Shares Granted 
 
 Ira and Claudia Goldfarb, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 225,000 
 
 Brad Burke, Chief Financial Officer 
 3,750 
 
 Lyle Berman, Director 
 75,000 
 
 Cesar J. Gutierrez, brother of the Company s Chief Executive Officer 
 7,500 
 
 Total: 
 311,250 

There were no warrants
exercised, forfeited or expired during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. A total of 1,591,250 warrants were outstanding
as of December 31, 2022 with a weighted average exercise price of 2.47 and a weighted average life of 9.2 years. 

Unregistered Issuance of Equity Securities 

The following issuances of
our securities during the three-month period ended December 31, 2022 were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933 pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 

None. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion should
be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes to those statements. In addition to historical information, the following
discussion and other parts of this annual report contain forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties. 

11 

Overview and Outlook 

Effective January 21, 2021,
we changed our name from Black Ridge Oil Gas, Inc. to Sow Good Inc. Our common stock is quoted on the OTCQB under the trading symbol
 SOWG . 

The Company produces
a line of freeze-dried snacks, smoothies, soups and granola. We are marketing our line of products via our direct-to-consumer focused
website, as well as via the business-to-business sales channel. We have also recently launched a freeze-dried candy product offering that
we expect will be a major driver of our growth going forward. 

In 2022, we commenced
the construction of our second and third freeze driers in anticipation of the increased production demands for our products and freeze-drying
expertise. We expect to place these additional freeze driers in service during the second quarter of 2023. 

Our business operates
under two distinct brands, Sow Good and Sustain Us. Our unique food products are target the large, and growing, freeze-dried food products
market. With the extensive freeze-dried manufacturing and food product-focused business development experience of our senior management
team, including recent additions, we believe we are well positioned to lead the Company's growth and development in the freeze-dried food
industry. 

S-FDF Business Combination 

On
October 1, 2020, the Company completed its acquisition of S-FDF, LLC (the Seller ), a Texas limited liability company, pursuant
to an Asset Purchase Agreement, between the Company and the Seller, dated June 9, 2020, as subsequently amended effective October 1,
2020. In connection with the closing of the Asset Purchase Agreement, the Company acquired approximately 2.2 million in cash and
certain assets and agreements related to the Seller s freeze-dried fruits and vegetables business for human consumption and entered
into certain employment and registration rights agreements. The Company did not assume any liabilities of Seller or any liabilities, liens,
or encumbrances pertaining to or encumbering the Purchased Assets, except for those related to agreements or arrangements specified in
the Asset Purchase Agreement. The Seller transferred the Purchased Assets to the Company in exchange for the issuance of 1,120,000 shares
of the Company s common stock to the Seller. The number of shares to be issued to Seller was subject to adjustment, as specified
in the Asset Purchase Agreement, as amended, based on the extent to which the amount of cash proceeds held by the Company, as derived
from the sale of the Company s holdings of AESE Shares, were less than 5 million or greater than 6 million on the date
specified in the Asset Purchase Agreement, which resulted in the issuance of an additional 500,973 Seller Shares that were issued on January
4, 2021. The combined issuances represented approximately 46 of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock, on a fully diluted
basis. Black Ridge Oil Gas, Inc. was determined to be the acquiror of the business combination. 

Pursuant
to its obligations under the Asset Purchase Agreement, on the Closing Date the Company, (a) created three new seats on the Company s
Board of Directors and appointed the Seller s principals, Ira Goldfarb and Claudia Goldfarb, and a third person designated by the
Goldfarbs, Greg Creed, as directors, (b) entered into employment agreements with Ira Goldfarb and Claudia Goldfarb, (c) delivered a registration
rights agreement with respect to the shares to be issued to Seller and any shares of common stock delivered as part of the employment
compensation for Ira Goldfarb or Claudia Goldfarb, and (d) amended the Company s 2020 Stock Incentive Plan to increase the number
of shares of common stock reserved thereunder. At closing, the Company also assumed the Seller s obligations under a real property
lease for its facility in Irving, Texas under which an entity owned entirely by Ira Goldfarb is the landlord. 

12 

Going Concern Uncertainty 

As of December 31, 2022, the
Company had a cash balance of 276,464 and total working capital of 1,687,880. We are too early in our development stage to project revenue
with a necessary level of certainty; therefore, we may not have sufficient funds to sustain our operations for the next twelve months
and we may need to raise additional cash to fund our operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. The Company has commenced sales and continues to develop its operations. In the event sales do not materialize
at the expected rates, management would seek additional financing or would attempt to conserve cash by further reducing expenses. There
can be no assurance that we will be successful in achieving these objectives. 

We continue to pursue sources
of additional capital through various financing transactions or arrangements, including equity financing or other means. We may not be
successful in identifying suitable funding transactions in a sufficient time period or at all, and we may not obtain the capital we require
by other means. If we do not succeed in raising additional capital, our resources may not be sufficient to fund our business. Our ability
to scale production and distribution capabilities and further increase the value of our brands, is largely dependent on our success in
raising additional capital. 

The report of the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm that accompanies its audited financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
contains an explanatory paragraph regarding the substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of the going concern uncertainty. 

Overview of 2022 results 

We earned 428,132 of revenue
in 2022, as we began to ramp up our direct-to-consumer website for our Sow Good brand and began to provide products to big box retailers. 

Our general and administrative
expenses totaled 10,731,281 in 2022, including salaries and benefits expenses of 3,662,313 and goodwill and intangible asset impairment
losses of 5,197,470, including 4,887,297 of losses on our 2020 acquisition of S-FDF, LLC. Salaries and benefits and other general expenses
increased slightly throughout the year due to inflationary pressures. 

Our stock-based compensation
of 862,079 consisted of 49,998 of stock issued to officers and directors, 30,000 of stock issued to employees and consultants, and
 782,081 of expense related to the amortization of stock options for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Application of Critical Accounting Policies 

Our discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to
make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of
contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to impairment of property,
plant and equipment, intangible assets, deferred tax assets and fair value computation using the Black Scholes option pricing model. We
base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions, such as the trading value of our common stock and estimated
future undiscounted cash flows, that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ
from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe that our estimates, including those for the above-described
items, are reasonable. 

13 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The establishment and consistent
application of accounting policies is a vital component of accurately and fairly presenting our financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP), as well as ensuring compliance with applicable laws and regulations
governing financial reporting. While there are rarely alternative methods or rules from which to select in establishing accounting and
financial reporting policies, proper application often involves significant judgment regarding a given set of facts and circumstances
and a complex series of decisions. 

Cash in Excess of FDIC Insured Limits 

The Company maintains its
cash in bank deposit accounts which, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (FDIC) and the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) up to 250,000 and 500,000, respectively, under current
regulations. The Company didn t have any cash in excess of FDIC and SIPC insured limits at December 31, 2022. The Company had approximately
 2,813,000 in excess of FDIC and SIPC insured limits at December 31, 2021. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. 

Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment are
stated at the lower of cost or estimated net recoverable amount. The cost of property, plant and equipment is depreciated using the straight-line
method based on the lesser of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the lease term based on the following life expectancy: 

Software 
 3 years, or over the life of the agreement 
 
 Website 
 3 years 
 
 Office equipment 
 5 years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 5 years 
 
 Machinery and equipment 
 7-10 years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Fully extended lease-term 

Repairs and maintenance expenditures
are charged to operations as incurred. Major improvements and replacements, which extend the useful life of an asset, are capitalized
and depreciated over the remaining estimated useful life of the asset. When assets are retired or sold, the cost and related accumulated
depreciation and amortization are eliminated and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations. Depreciation expense was 299,553,
including 25,500 capitalized as inventory overhead and expensed to cost of goods sold, and 208,448 for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

Long-lived assets held and
used by the Company are reviewed for possible impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may
not be recoverable or is impaired. Recoverability is assessed using undiscounted cash flows based upon historical results and current
projections of earnings before interest and taxes. Impairment is measured using discounted cash flows of future operating results based
upon a rate that corresponds to the cost of capital. Impairments are recognized in operating results to the extent that carrying value
exceeds discounted cash flows of future operations. 

Our
intellectual property is comprised of indefinite-lived brand names acquired and have been assigned an indefinite life as we currently
anticipate that these brand names will contribute cash flows to the Company perpetually. We evaluate the recoverability of intangible
assets periodically by taking into account events or circumstances that may warrant revised estimates of useful lives or that indicate
the asset may be impaired. Impairment analysis on intangible assets resulted in a loss of 310,173 f or
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

14 

Inventory 

Inventory, consisting of raw
materials, material overhead, labor, and manufacturing overhead, are stated at the average cost or net realizable value and consist of
the following: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Finished goods 
 384,241 
 273,135 
 
 Packaging materials 
 416,663 
 95,436 
 
 Work in progress 
 864,460 
 613,063 
 
 Raw materials 
 307,515 
 470,263 
 
 Total inventory 
 1,972,879 
 1,451,897 

No reserve for obsolete inventories
has been recognized. We have not yet commenced significant production. 

Goodwill 

The Company evaluates goodwill
on an annual basis in the fourth quarter or more frequently if management believes indicators of impairment exist. Such indicators could
include, but are not limited to (1) a significant adverse change in legal factors or in business climate, (2) unanticipated competition,
or (3) an adverse action or assessment by a regulator. The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more
likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, management conducts a quantitative goodwill
impairment test. The impairment test involves comparing the fair value of the applicable reporting unit with its carrying value. The Company
estimates the fair values of its reporting units using a combination of the income, or discounted cash flows, approach and the market
approach, which utilizes comparable companies data. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds the reporting unit s
fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that
reporting unit. The Company s evaluation of goodwill completed at year-end resulted in an impairment loss of 4,887,297 and 1,524,030
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue
in accordance with ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). Under ASC 606, the Company
recognizes revenue from the sale of its freeze-dried food products, in accordance
with a five-step model in which the Company evaluates the transfer of promised goods or services and recognizes revenue when customers
obtain control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration which the Company expects to be entitled to
receive in exchange for those goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for the arrangements that the Company determines are
within the scope of ASC 606, the Company performs the following five steps: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer, (2) identify
the performance obligations in the contract, (3) determine the transaction price, (4) allocate the transaction price to the
performance obligations in the contract and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The
Company has elected, as a practical expedient, to account for the shipping and handling as fulfillment costs, rather than as a separate
performance obligation. Revenue is reported net of applicable provisions for discounts, returns and allowances. Methodologies for determining
these provisions are dependent on customer pricing and promotional practices. The Company records reductions to revenue for estimated
product returns and pricing adjustments in the same period that the related revenue is recorded. These estimates are based on industry-based
historical data, historical sales returns, if any, analysis of credit memo data, and other factors known at the time. 

15 

Stock-Based Compensation 

The Company accounts for equity
instruments issued to employees in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718 Stock Compensation (ASC 718) and Equity-Based Payments to
Non-employees pursuant to ASC 2018-07 (ASC 2018-07). All transactions in which the consideration provided in exchange for the purchase
of goods or services consists of the issuance of equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received
or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The measurement date of the fair value of the
equity instrument issued is the earlier of the date on which the counterparty s performance is complete or the date at which a commitment
for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached because of sufficiently large disincentives for nonperformance.
Stock-based compensation was 862,079 and 1,377,379 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Stock-based
compensation consisted of 79,998 and 834,047 related to the issuance of shares of common stock for services for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. Amortization of the fair values of stock options issued for services and compensation totaled 782,081 and
 543,332 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The fair values of stock options were determined
using the Black-Scholes options pricing model and an effective term of 6 to 6.5 years based on the weighted average of the vesting periods
and the stated term of the option grants and the discount rate on 5 to 7 year U.S. Treasury securities at the grant date, and are being
amortized over the related implied service term, or vesting period. In addition, 925,839 of expenses related to the amortization of warrants
issued in consideration for debt financing, using the Black-Scholes options pricing model and an effective term of 5 years based on the
weighted average of the vesting periods and the stated term of the warrant grants and the discount rate on 5 year U.S. Treasury securities
at the grant date were recognized as interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Results of Operations for the Years Ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

The following table summarizes
selected items from the statement of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Increase/ 

2022 
 2021 
 Decrease 

Revenues 
 428,132 
 88,440 
 339,692 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 308,293 
 81,311 
 226,982 
 
 Gross Profit 
 119,839 
 7,129 
 112,710 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative: 

Salaries and benefits 
 3,662,313 
 3,473,661 
 188,652 
 
 Professional services 
 245,546 
 357,945 
 (112,399 
 
 Other general and administrative 
 1,625,952 
 1,550,970 
 74,982 
 
 Intangible asset impairment 
 310,173 
 
 310,173 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 4,887,297 
 1,524,030 
 3,363,267 
 
 Total general and administrative 
 10,731,281 
 6,906,606 
 3,824,675 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 274,053 
 208,448 
 65,605 
 
 Total operating expenses: 
 11,005,334 
 7,115,054 
 3,890,280 

Net operating loss 
 (10,885,495 
 (7,107,925 
 3,777,570 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 
 (1,277,965 
 (5,911 
 1,272,054 
 
 Gain (loss) on disposal of property and equipment 
 36,392 
 (8,036 
 44,428 
 
 Gain on early extinguishment of debt 
 
 113,772 
 (113,772 
 
 Gain (loss) on investment in Allied Esports Entertainment, Inc. 
 
 133,944 
 (133,944 
 
 Total other income (expense) 
 (1,241,573 
 233,769 
 1,475,342 

Net loss 
 (12,127,068 
 (6,874,156 
 5,252,912 

16 

Revenues 

Revenues for the year ended
December 31, 2022 were 428,132, compared to 88,440 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 339,692, or 384 . Revenues
increased as we ramped up sales on our product lines and expanded our business-to-business sales during 2022, compared to the same period
in the prior year. We had minimal revenues during the comparative period, as we had commenced sales midway through 2021. 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Cost of goods sold for the
year ended December 31, 2022 were 308,293, compared to 81,311 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 226,982,
or 279 . Cost of goods sold, primarily consisted of material costs and labor on the sales of freeze-dried food products, resulted in a
gross profit of approximately 28 and 8 during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021.
Cost of goods sold and our gross profit increased as we began to realize economies of scale pursuant to our increased sales. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

Salaries and Benefits 

Salaries and benefits for
the year ended December 31, 2022 were 3,662,313, compared to 3,473,661 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 188,652,
or 5 . Salaries and benefits included stock-based compensation expense of 862,079 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared
to 1,377,379 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 515,300, or 37 . Stock-based compensation consists of 782,081
and 543,332 of stock options expense incurred in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and 79,998 and 834,047
of expense related to shares of common stock issued to officers and consultants for services rendered in the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in salaries and benefits was primarily due to inflationary pressures, as diminished by decreased
stock-based compensation awards. 

Professional Services 

General and administrative
expenses related to professional services were 245,546 for the 2022 period, compared to 357,945 for the 2021 period, a decrease of 112,399,
or 31 . The decrease was primarily due to decreased legal fees incurred in connection with creating our brand in the comparative period
that were not necessary in the current period. 

Other General and Administrative Expenses 

Other general and administrative
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 1,625,952, compared to 1,550,970 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase
of 74,982, or 5 . The increase is primarily attributable to increased administrative infrastructure as we seek to scale the production
and sales of our freeze-dried products. 

Intangible Asset Impairment 

Intangible asset impairment
losses of 310,173, for the year ended December 31, 2022, related to impairment of our licensing and trademark assets, as our sales
have not ramped up quickly enough to support the carrying value. 

17 

Goodwill Impairment 

Goodwill impairment losses
related to our 2020 acquisition of S-FDF, LLC was 4,887,297 and 1,524,030 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Depreciation 

Depreciation expense for the
year ended December 31, 2022 was 274,053, compared to 208,448 for year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 65,605 or 31 .
The increase is attributable to the significant increase in capital expenditures incurred as we developed our freeze-dried foods production
facility and placed it into service. 

Other Income (Expense) 

In the year ended December
31, 2022, other expense was 1,241,573, consisting of 1,277,965 of interest expense derived from operating loans, as offset by a gain
on the disposal of equipment of 36,392. 

In the year ended December
31, 2021, other income was 233,769, consisting of a gain on early extinguishment of debt of 113,772 related to forgiveness of our PPP
loan and a net gain on investments in Allied Esports Entertainment, Inc. securities of 133,944, as offset by 5,911 of interest expense
derived from operating loans, and a loss on the disposal of equipment of 8,036. 

Provision for Income Taxes 

The Company had no income
tax expense in the 2022 or 2021 periods, as the Company continues to reserve against any deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty of
realization of any benefit. 

Net Loss 

Net loss for the year ended
December 31, 2022 was 12,127,068, compared to 6,874,156 during the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 5,252,912, or
76 . The increased net loss was primarily due to our loss on impairment of intangible assets and goodwill related to our 2022 acquisition
of S-FDF, LLC. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The following table summarizes
our total current assets, liabilities and working capital at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Current Assets 
 2,578,057 
 4,891,264 

Current Liabilities 
 890,177 
 403,057 

Working Capital 
 1,687,880 
 4,488,207 

18 

As of December 31, 2022, we had working capital
of 1,687,880. 

The following table summarizes
our cash flows during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (5,146,635 
 (5,551,261 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 (2,622,829 
 (653,051 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 4,700,000 
 7,637,511 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 (3,069,464 
 1,433,199 

Net cash used in operating
activities was 5,146,635 and 5,551,261 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a year over year
decreased use of 404,626. The decreased use was primarily due to increased revenues. Changes in working capital from continuing operating
activities resulted in a decrease in cash of 2,800,327 during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 1,547,282 for the
same period in the previous year. 

Net cash used in investing
activities was 2,622,829 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 653,051 for the year ended December 31, 2021,
a year over year increased use of 1,969,778. During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in investing activities consisted of
 193,184 paid for the purchase of property and equipment, 2,487,673 of payments for the construction of the Company s second and
third freeze dryers and expansion of its operations facility, as well as, 5,929 paid for the purchase of intangible assets, as offset
by 63,957 of proceeds received from the disposal of property and equipment. During the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in
investing activities consisted of 982,818 paid for the purchase of property and equipment and 84,594 paid for the purchase of intangible
assets, as offset by 414,361 of proceeds received from the sale of AESE securities. 

Net cash provided by financing
activities was 4,700,000 and 7,637,511 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net cash provided
by financing activities the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of 4,700,000 of proceeds received from debt financing, including
 4,120,000 received from related parties. Net cash provided by financing activities consisted of 2,075,000 of proceeds received from
related party debt financing, and 5,562,511 we raised from the sale of an aggregate 631,250 shares of the Company s common stock
at 4.00 per share, and the sale of an aggregate 714,701 shares sold at 4.25 per share, during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Satisfaction of our cash obligations for
the next 12 months 

As of December 31, 2022,
our balance of cash and cash equivalents was 276,464 and we had total working capital of 1,687,880. We are too early in our development
stage to project revenue with a necessary level of certainty; therefore, we may not have sufficient funds to sustain our operations for
the next twelve months and we may need to raise additional cash to fund our operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company has commenced sales and continues to develop its operations. In the
event sales do not materialize at the expected rates, management would seek additional financing or would attempt to conserve cash by
further reducing expenses. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in achieving these objectives. 

We continue to pursue sources
of additional capital through various financing transactions or arrangements, equity or debt financing or other means. Our ability to
scale production and distribution capabilities and further increase the value of our brands, is largely dependent on our success in raising
additional capital. 

We may not be successful in
identifying suitable funding transactions in a sufficient time period or at all, and we may not obtain the capital we require by other
means. If we do not succeed in raising additional capital, our resources may not be sufficient to fund or expand our business. 

19 

Effects of inflation and pricing 

We expect supplies and prices
of the ingredients that we are going to use to be affected by a variety of factors, such as weather, seasonal fluctuations, demand, politics
and economics in the producing countries. 

These factors subject us to
shortages or interruptions in product supplies, which could adversely affect our revenue and profits. In addition, the price of fruit,
which is currently our main ingredient in our products, can be highly volatile. The fruit of the quality we seek tends to trade on a negotiated
basis, depending on supply and demand at the time of the purchase. An increase in pricing of any fruit that we are going to use in our
products could have a significant adverse effect on our profitability. We cannot assure you that we will be able to secure our fruit supply.
In addition, we may face limits on the ability to source some of the candy for our freeze-dried candy products. 

Contractual obligations and commitments 

Upon closing of the Asset
Purchase Agreement, the Company assumed the Seller s obligations under a real property lease for its 20,945 square foot facility
at 1440 N. Union Bower Rd. Irving, TX 75061, under which an entity owned entirely by Ira Goldfarb is the landlord. The lease term is through
September 15, 2025, with two five-year options to extend, at a monthly lease term of 10,036, with approximately a 3 annual escalation
of lease payments commencing September 15, 2021. 

Summary of product and research and development
that we will perform for the term of our plan 

We anticipate performing product
research and development as required for our products and distribution under our new plan of operation. The Company currently has one
full-time employee dedicated to product research and development. The Company s research and development activities primarily consist
of product formulation, nutritional analysis, and taste analysis. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, revenues, expenses,
results of operations liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Commodity Price Risk 

We do not expect any significant
effects from commodity price risk outside of inherent inflationary risks. 

Interest Rate Risk 

We do not anticipate entering
into any transactions that would expose us to any direct interest rate risk. 

20 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA OF SOW GOOD INC. 

SOW GOOD INC. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-1 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Statement of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 F-7 

21 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders of SOW GOOD INC. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of SOW GOOD INC. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders equity,
and cash flows for the two-year period then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered net losses from operations, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans regarding those matters are discussed in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and the significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 1 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinion on
the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

As discussed in Note 1 to the
financial statements, the Company issues stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation. 

Auditing management s calculation
of the fair value of stock-based compensation can be a significant judgment given the fact that the Company uses management estimates
on various inputs to the calculation. 

To evaluate the appropriateness
of the fair value determined by management, we examined and evaluated the inputs management used in calculating the fair value of the
stock-based compensation. 

/s/ M K CPAS, PLLC 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 

April 14, 2023 

F- 2 

SOW GOOD INC. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Inventory 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment: 

Construction in progress 

Property and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Total property and equipment, net 

Security deposit 

Right-of-use asset 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Notes payable, related parties, net of and of debt discounts at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Notes payable, net of of debt discounts at December 31, 2022 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders' equity: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued
 and outstanding 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Common stock payable, consisting of shares at December 31, 2021 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

SOW GOOD INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years 

Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses: 

Salaries and benefits 

Professional services 

Other general and administrative expenses 

Intangible asset impairment 

Goodwill impairment 

Total general and administrative expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Net operating loss 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense, including and of warrants issued as a debt
 discount for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Gain (loss) on disposal of property and equipment 

Gain on early extinguishment of debt 

Gain on investment in Allied Esports Entertainment, Inc. 

Total other income (expense) 

Net loss 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

Net loss per common share - basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

SOW GOOD INC. 

 STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Additional 
 Common 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Stock 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Payable 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Common stock issued on subscriptions payable for the purchase of S-FDF, LLC assets 

Common stock sales for cash to officers and directors 

Common stock sales for cash 

Common stock issued to officers and directors for services 

Common stock issued to employees and consultants for services 

Common stock options granted to officers and directors for services 

Common stock options granted to employees for services 

Common stock warrants granted to related parties as a debt discount 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Common stock warrants granted to related parties pursuant to debt financing 

Common stock warrants granted to note holders pursuant to debt financing 

Common stock issued to officers and directors for services 

Common stock issued to advisory board for services 

Common stock options granted to officers and directors for services 

Common stock options granted to employees and advisors for services 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

SOW GOOD INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years 

Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Bad debts expense 

Depreciation and amortization 

(Gain) loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Loss on impairment of intangible assets 

Loss on impairment of goodwill 

Gain on investment in Allied Esports Entertainment, Inc. 

Gain on early extinguishment of debt 

Common stock issued to officers and directors for services 

Common stock awarded to advisors and consultants for services 

Amortization of stock options 

Amortization of stock warrants issued as a debt discount 

Decrease (increase) in current assets: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Inventory 

Security deposits 

Right-of-use asset 

Increase (decrease) in current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds received from disposal of property and equipment 

Proceeds received from sale of investment in Allied Esports Entertainment, Inc. securities 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Cash paid for construction in progress 

Cash paid for intangible assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds received from notes payable, related parties 

Proceeds received from notes payable 

Proceeds received from the sale of common stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Value of debt discounts attributable to warrants 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

SOW GOOD INC. 

 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million of capital from the sale of newly issued shares at a share price of in a private placement.
The proceeds were used to find capital expenditures and working capital investment. 

On May 5, 2021, the Company
announced the launch of our direct-to-consumer freeze-dried consumer packaged goods (CPG) food brand, Sow Good. Sow Good launched with
its first line of non-GMO products including 6 ready-to-make smoothies and 9 snacks. 

On July 7, 2021, the
Company raised over million of capital from the sale of newly issued shares at a share price of in a private placement.
Investors in the private placement included Sow Good s Chief Executive Officer, Executive Chairman, and Chief Financial Officer,
in addition to other Sow Good board members and a small group of accredited investors. The proceeds are being used to invest in inventory
ahead of pursuing larger business-to-business relationships, as well as funding incremental capital expenditures and general operating
expenses. 

On July 23, 2021, we
launched six new gluten-free granola products under the Sow Good brand. Sow Good s granola products are made with health-conscious
ingredients such as freeze-dried fruit, almonds, hemp hearts, and coconut oil. Granola products are initially being sold direct-to-consumer
and will later be targeted to the business-to-business segment. 

On December 31, 2021,
we sold an aggregate of promissory notes and warrants to purchase an aggregate shares of common stock to related parties,
representing 15,000 warrant shares per 100,000 of promissory notes. The warrants are exercisable at a price of per share over a
ten-year term. The proceeds will be used for working capital investment and to ramp up our freeze-dried consumer packaged goods business. 

On
April 8, 2022, we sold an aggregate of promissory notes and warrants to purchase an aggregate shares of common
stock, including 3,120,000 and warrants to purchase an aggregate 780,000 shares of common stock, to related parties.
The warrants are exercisable at a price of per share over a ten-year term. These proceeds were used for working capital investment
and to ramp up our freeze dried consumer packaged goods business. 

On August 23, 2022, we
closed on an offering to sell up to of promissory notes and warrants to purchase an aggregate shares of the Company s
common stock, exercisable over a ten-year period at a price of per share, representing 25,000 warrant shares per 100,000 of Notes
purchased. The notes mature on . Interest on the notes accrue at a rate of per annum, payable on January 1, 2025.
Loans may be advanced to the Company from time to time from August 23, 2023 to the Maturity Date. On December 21, 2022 and September 29,
2022, the Company received aggregate proceeds of and from two of the Company s Directors on the sale of these
notes and warrants. 

cash equivalents on hand at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

in
excess of FDIC and SIPC insured limits at December 31, 2021. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. 

Website 

Office equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Machinery and equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Repairs and maintenance expenditures are charged
to operations as incurred. Major improvements and replacements, which extend the useful life of an asset, are capitalized and depreciated
over the remaining estimated useful life of the asset. When assets are retired or sold, the cost and related accumulated depreciation
and amortization are eliminated and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations. Depreciation expense was , including
 capitalized as inventory overhead and expensed to cost of goods sold, and for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Packaging materials 

Work in progress 

Raw materials 

Total inventory 

No reserve for obsolete inventories has been recognized.
We have not yet commenced significant production. 

and for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Stock-based compensation consisted of 
and 
related to the issuance of shares of common stock for services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. Amortization of the fair values of stock options issued for services and compensation totaled 
and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The fair values of stock options were determined using
the Black-Scholes options pricing model and an effective term of 6 to 6.5 years based on the weighted average of the vesting periods
and the stated term of the option grants and the discount rate on 5 to 7 year U.S. Treasury securities at the grant date, and are
being amortized over the related implied service term, or vesting period. In addition, 
of expenses related to the amortization of warrants issued in consideration of personal guarantees provided for debt financing,
using the Black-Scholes options pricing model and an effective term of 5 years based on the weighted average of the vesting periods
and the stated term of the warrant grants and the discount rate on 5 year U.S. Treasury securities at the grant date were
recognized as interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

In May 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-04,
 Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation (Topic
718), and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) Issuer s Accounting
for Certain Modifications or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity Classified Written Call Options . ASU 2021-04 addresses issuer s
accounting for certain modifications or exchanges of freestanding equity-classified written call options. ASU 2021-04 is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021 and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The adoption
of ASU 2021-04 has not had a material impact on the Company s financial statements or related disclosures. 

In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04 establishing
Topic 848, Reference Rate Reform . ASU 2020-04 contains practical expedients for reference rate reform related activities that impact
debt, leases, derivatives and other contracts. The guidance is optional and is effective between March 12, 2020 and December 31, 2022.
The guidance may be elected over time as reference rate reform activities occur. We are currently evaluating the impact that the expected
market transition from the London Interbank Offered Rate, commonly referred to as LIBOR, to alternative references rates will have on
our financial statements as well as the applicability of the aforementioned expedients and exceptions provided in ASU 2020-04. 

No other new accounting pronouncements, issued
or effective during the year ended December 31, 2022, have had or are expected to have a significant impact on the Company s
financial statements. 

and working capital of . We are too early in our development
stage to project revenue with a necessary level of certainty; therefore, we may not have sufficient funds to sustain our operations for
the next twelve months and we may need to raise additional cash to fund our operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company has commenced sales and continues to develop its operations. In the
event sales do not materialize at the expected rates, management would seek additional financing or would attempt to conserve cash by
further reducing expenses. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in achieving these objectives. 

The Company continues to pursue sources of additional
capital through debt and financing transactions or arrangements, including equity financing or other means. We may not be successful in
identifying suitable funding transactions in a sufficient time period or at all, and we may not obtain the capital we require by other
means. If we do not succeed in raising additional capital, our resources may not be sufficient to fund our business. Our ability to scale
production and distribution capabilities and further increase the value of our brands, is largely dependent on our success in raising
additional capital. 

The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of any uncertainty as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial
statements also do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts, or amounts
and classifications of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

of promissory notes and warrants to purchase an aggregate shares of the Company s
common stock, exercisable over a ten-year period at a price of per share, representing 25,000 warrant shares per 100,000 of Notes
purchased. The notes mature on . Interest on the Notes accrue at a rate of per annum, payable on January 1, 2025.
Loans may be advanced to the Company from time to time from August 23, 2023 to the Maturity Date. On December 21, 2022 and September 29,
2022, the Company received aggregate proceeds of and from two of the Company s Directors on the sale of these
notes and warrants. 

On April
8, 2022 , the Company closed a private placement and concurrently entered into a Note and Warrant
Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement to sell an aggregate 3,700,000
of Promissory Notes (the Notes and warrants (the Warrants to purchase an aggregate shares of common stock, representing 25,000 warrant shares per
 100,000 of promissory notes. Accrued interest on the Notes was payable semi-annually beginning September 30, 2022 at the rate
of per annum, but on August 23, 2022, the notes were amended to update the terms of the interest payment to be payable at the
earlier of the maturity date or January 1, 2025, rather than being paid semi-annually. The principal amount of the Notes mature and become
due and payable on . The Warrants are exercisable immediately and for a period of years at a price of per share.
Proceeds to the Company from the sale of the Securities were . The Company may redeem outstanding warrants prior to their expiration,
at a price of 0.01 per share, provided that the volume weighted average sale price per share of Common Stock equals or exceeds 9.00
per share for thirty (30) consecutive trading days ending on the third business day prior to the mailing of notice of such redemption.
Assuming full exercise thereof, further proceeds to the Company from the exercise of the Warrant Shares is calculated as . The
Offering closed simultaneously with execution of the Purchase Agreement. Of the aggregate 3,700,000 of Notes, a total of of
Notes were sold to officers or directors, along with of the Warrants. 

Common Stock Sold for Cash 

 O n July 2, 2021, the
Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with multiple accredited investors to sell and issue to the purchasers, thereunder, an
aggregate of 
 shares of the Company s common stock at a price of 4.25 per Share, resulting in total
proceeds received of .
The stock sales included purchases by the following related parties: 

Brad Burke, former CFO 

Lyle A. Berman Roevocable Trust, Director 

Bradley Berman, Director 

Christopher R. Lynda M. Ludeman JTWROS, Director 

Greg Creed Trustee FBO Creed Revocable Living Trust, former Director 

On February 5, 2021, the Company entered
into a Stock Purchase Agreement with multiple accredited investors to sell and issue to the purchasers an aggregate 
 shares of the Company s common stock at a price of 4.00 per share for total proceeds of .
The stock sales included purchases by the following related parties: 

Lyle Berman Trustee FBO Lyle A. Berman Revocable Trust, Director 

Bradley Berman, Director 

Christopher R. Lynda M. Ludeman JTWROS, Director 

Greg Creed Trustee FBO Creed Revocable Living Trust, former Director 

Common Stock Issued to Officers for Services,
Common Stock Payable 

 On December 31, 2021,
the Company awarded and shares of common stock to Claudia and Ira Goldfarb , respectively, for services earned during
December 31, 2021. The aggregate fair value of the shares was and for Claudia and
Ira, respectively, based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant . The shares were subsequently
issued on March 25, 2022, in satisfaction of the outstanding common stock payable. 

Common Stock and Options Awarded to Officers
and Directors 

 On July 22, 2022, the
Company accepted Mr. Joseph Lahti s resignation from the Board of Directors and appointed Tim Creed as a member of the Board. Pursuant
to the Company s Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan, Mr. Creed received shares of common stock as compensation. Pursuant
to the Company s 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2020 Equity Plan ), Mr. Creed was also granted options to purchase
 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. These options will vest as of July 22,
2023 and 20 each anniversary thereafter until fully vested. 

On April 11, 2022, the
Company appointed Joe Mueller as a member of the Board of Directors and Audit Committee. Pursuant to the Company s Non-Employee
Director Compensation Plan, Mr. Mueller received shares of common stock as compensation. Pursuant to the Company s 2020 Equity
Plan, Mr. Mueller was also granted options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 
per share. These options will vest as of April 11, 2023 and 20 each anniversary thereafter until fully vested. 

On April 1, 2022, the Company granted options
to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, having an exercise price of per share, exercisable over a -year
term, to the Company s then Chief Financial Officer. The options were to vest 60 on the third anniversary, and 20 each anniversary
thereafter until fully vested. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of and a call
option value of 2.6433, was . The options were being expensed over the vesting period, however, pursuant to a Separation
Agreement and Release, dated May 3, 2022 , the vesting terms of the options were accelerated to be fully vested, resulting
in of stock-based compensation expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. Pursuant to the Separation
Agreement and Release, the vesting of an aggregate , with a weighted average exercise price of , of Mr. Burke s previously
awarded options were also accelerated to be fully vested . 

On various
dates between January 31, 2021 and December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate and shares in
monthly increments of 5,541 and 6,044 shares to Claudia and Ira Goldfarb , respectively ,
for their services. The aggregate fair value of the shares was and for Claudia and Ira, respectively, based on the closing
price of the Company s common stock on the dates of grant. 

On May 25, 2021,
the Company issued shares to each of two advisory board members for their services.
The total aggregate fair value of the shares was , based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of
grant. 

On January 27, 2021,
upon Benjamin Oehler s resignation, the Company a ppointed Chris Ludeman as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company,
and appointed him to the Company s Audit Committee as Chairperson. Pursuant to his appointment, Mr. Ludeman was issued
 shares of common stock for his services to be rendered. The aggregate fair value of the common stock was , based on the closing
price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. 

On
January 7, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate and shares of common stock to Claudia and Ira Goldfarb ,
respectively, for services from October 2020 through December 31, 2020 in satisfaction of the outstanding common
stock payable at December 31, 2020. The aggregate fair value of the shares was and for Claudia and Ira, respectively,
based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant , was presented as Common Stock Payable
as of December 31, 2020 . 

On December 8, 2021,
the Company issued an aggregate shares of common stock amongst its five Directors for annual services to be rendered. The aggregate
fair value of the common stock was , based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The
shares were expensed upon issuance. 

On December 8, 2021,
the Company issued an additional shares to Mr. Chris Ludeman, for Audit Committee Chair services. The
fair value of the common stock was , based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The shares
were expensed upon issuance. 

On April 22, 2021, Brad Burke was granted options
to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, having an exercise price of per share, exercisable over a -year
term. The options were to vest 60 on the third anniversary, and 20 each anniversary thereafter until fully vested. The estimated value
using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of and a call option value of , was . The options
were being expensed over the vesting period, however, pursuant to a Separation Agreement and Release,
dated May 3, 2022 , the vesting terms of the options were accelerated to be fully vested, resulting in and 
of stock-based compensation expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On January 27, 2021, Chris Ludeman was granted
options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, having an exercise price of per share, exercisable over a
10-year term. The options will vest in three equal annual installments beginning of January 27, 2022 and continuing on each of the two
anniversaries thereafter until fully vested. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of
 and a call option value of 6.1794, was . 

On January 4, 2021, Claudia and Ira Goldfarb were
each granted options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, having an exercise price of per share, exercisable
over a 10-year term. The options will vest in three equal installments beginning of January 4, 2022 and continuing on each of the two
anniversaries thereafter until fully vested. The aggregate estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility
rate of and a call option value of 3.9412, was . 

Warrants Granted 

 On
December 31, 2021, the Company closed a private placement and concurrently entered into a Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement with related
parties to sell an aggregate 
 of promissory notes, bearing 8 
interest, and warrants to purchase an aggregate 
 shares of common stock, representing 15,000 warrant shares per 100,000
of promissory notes. The warrants are exercisable at a price of 
 per share over a ten-year term. The estimated value using the
Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of 198 and a call option value of 2.25, was .
The warrants will be expensed as a debt discount over the life of the loans. The officers, directors and related
parties receiving grants and the amounts of such grants were as follows: 

Brad Burke, Chief Financial Officer 

Lyle Berman, Director 

Cesar J. Gutierrez, brother of the Company s Chief Executive Officer 

Total: 

Lease Agreement 

 Upon closing of the Asset Purchase Agreement,
the Company assumed the Seller s obligations under a real property lease for its 20,945 square foot facility in Irving, Texas, from
IG Union Bower, LLC Union Bower ), an entity owned entirely by Ira Goldfarb, under which Union Bower is the landlord. The
lease term is through , with two five-year options to extend, at a monthly lease term of , with approximately
a 3 annual escalation of lease payments commencing September 15, 2021. 

Departure of CFO 

 On April
30, 2022, Mr. Brad Burke resigned as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, and the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Claudia
Goldfarb, was appointed as the interim Chief Financial Officer. On May 3, 3022, the Company entered into a Separation Agreement and Release,
which entitled Mr. Burke to receive an amount equal to the base salary that he would have received for a three-month period Severance
Pay ), and the accelerated vesting of options to purchase an aggregate shares of common stock with a weighted average exercise
price of per share, along with an extension of the time period to exercise such stock option agreements to the fifth anniversary
of the separation. 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Notes payable, related parties, net of 2,692,757 of debt discounts 

Notes payable, net of 336,085 of debt discounts 

Total liabilities 

Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Notes payable, related parties, net of 699,213 of debt discounts 

Notes payable 

Total liabilities 

There were no transfers of financial assets or
liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 inputs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Prepaid insurance costs 

Trade show advances 

Prepaid rent 

Prepaid office and other costs 

Total prepaid expenses 

Machinery 

Software 

Website 

Leasehold improvements 

Construction in progress 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Total property and equipment, net 

Construction in progress consists of costs incurred
to build out our manufacturing facility in Irving Texas, along with the construction of our freeze driers. These costs will be capitalized
as Leasehold Improvements and Machinery, respectively, upon completion. 

On July 1, 2022, the Company disposed of certain
leasehold improvements that were damaged. The Company received proceeds on the disposal of pursuant to a settlement with the manufacturer,
resulting in a gain on the disposal of property and equipment of , which represented the proceeds received, less the net book value
at the time of disposal. 

On December 31, 2021, the Company disposed of
packaging equipment no longer in service. proceeds were received on the disposal of the equipment, resulting in a loss on disposal
of fixed assets of , which represented the net book value at the time of disposal. 

Depreciation of property and equipment was , including 
capitalized as inventory overhead and expensed to cost of goods sold, and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

, with two five-year options to extend, at a monthly lease term of
 , with approximately a 3 annual escalation of lease payments commencing September 15, 2021, subject
to the ASU 2016-02. In the locations in which it is economically feasible to continue to operate, management expects to enter into a new
lease upon expiration. The operating and office facility lease contains provisions requiring payment of property taxes, utilities, insurance,
maintenance and other occupancy costs applicable to the leased premise. As the Company s leases do not provide implicit discount
rates, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present
value of lease payments. 

The components of lease expense were as follows: 

Interest on lease liability 

Total operating lease cost 

Supplemental balance sheet information related
to leases was as follows: 

Current portion of operating lease liability 

Noncurrent operating lease liability 

Total operating lease liability 

Weighted average remaining lease term: 

Operating leases 
 years 
 years 

Weighted average discount rate: 

Operating lease 

Supplemental cash flow and other information
related to operating leases was as follows: 

Leased assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities: 

Total operating lease liabilities 

The future minimum lease payments due under operating leases as of
December 31 , 2022 is as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 and thereafter 

Total 

Less effects of discounting 

Lease liability recognized 

Branding, Sow Good 

Branding, Sustain Us 

Trademarks and patents 

Total intangible assets 

We evaluate the recoverability
of intangible assets periodically by taking into account events or circumstances that may warrant revised estimates of useful lives or
that indicate the asset may be impaired. Impairment analysis on intangible assets resulted in a loss of for the year ended December 31,
2022. 

pursuant to a note and warrant purchase agreement from the Lyle A. Berman Revocable Trust, as beneficially controlled by one of the Company s Directors, as lender. The unsecured note matures on . The note bears interest at per annum, payable on January 1, 2025. The noteholder also received warrants to purchase 62,500 shares of common stock, exercisable at 2.60 per share over a ten-year term. 

On September 29, 2022, the Company received pursuant to a note and warrant purchase agreement from a trust held by the Company s Chairman, Mr. Goldfarb, as lender. The unsecured note matures on . The note bears interest at per annum, payable on January 1, 2025. The noteholder also received warrants to purchase 125,000 shares of common stock, exercisable at 2.60 per share over a ten-year term. 

On September 29, 2022, the Company received pursuant to a note and warrant purchase agreement from the Lyle A. Berman Revocable Trust, as beneficially controlled by one of the Company s Directors, as lender. The unsecured note matures on . The note bears interest at per annum, payable on January 1, 2025. The noteholder also received warrants to purchase 62,500 shares of common stock, exercisable at 2.60 per share over a ten-year term. 

On April 8, 2022, the Company received pursuant to a note and warrant purchase agreement from a trust held by the Company s Chairman, Mr. Goldfarb, as lender. The unsecured note bears interest at per annum, compounded semi-annually, and was payable in cash semi-annually on June 30 th and December 31 st . On August 23, 2022, the note was amended to update the terms of the interest payment to be payable at the earlier of the maturity date or January 1, 2025, rather than being paid semi-annually. The note matures on . The noteholder also received warrants to purchase 500,000 shares of common stock, exercisable at 2.35 per share over a ten-year term. 

On April 8, 2022, the Company received pursuant to a note and warrant purchase agreement with the Company s Chairman and CEO, Mr. Mrs. Goldfarb, as lenders. The unsecured note bears interest at per annum, compounded semi-annually, and was payable in cash semi-annually on June 30 th and December 31 st . On August 23, 2022, the note was amended to update the terms of the interest payment to be payable at the earlier of the maturity date or January 1, 2025, rather than being paid semi-annually. The note matures on . The noteholder also received warrants to purchase 25,000 shares of common stock, exercisable at 2.35 per share over a ten-year term. 

On April 8, 2022, the Company received pursuant to a note and warrant purchase agreement with IG Union Bower LLC, an entity owned by Ira Goldfarb, the Company s Chairman, as lender. The unsecured note bears interest at per annum, compounded semi-annually, and was payable in cash semi-annually on June 30 th and December 31 st . On August 23, 2022, the note was amended to update the terms of the interest payment to be payable at the earlier of the maturity date or January 1, 2025, rather than being paid semi-annually. The note matures on . The noteholder also received warrants to purchase 25,000 shares of common stock, exercisable at 2.35 per share over a ten-year term. 

On April 8, 2022, the Company received pursuant to a note and warrant purchase agreement from the Lyle A. Berman Revocable Trust, as beneficially controlled by one of the Company s Directors, as lender. The unsecured note bears interest at per annum, compounded semi-annually, and was payable in cash semi-annually on June 30 th and December 31 st . On August 23, 2022, the note was amended to update the terms of the interest payment to be payable at the earlier of the maturity date or January 1, 2025, rather than being paid semi-annually. The note matures on . The noteholder also received warrants to purchase 230,000 shares of common stock, exercisable at 2.35 per share over a ten-year term. 

On December 31, 2021, the Company received pursuant to a note and warrant purchase agreement with the Company s Chairman and CEO, Mr. Mrs. Goldfarb, as lenders. The unsecured note bears interest at per annum, compounded semi-annually, and shall be payable in cash semi-annually on June 30 th and December 31 st . The note matures on . The noteholders also received warrants to purchase 225,000 shares of common stock, exercisable at 2.21 per share over a ten-year term. 

On December 31, 2021, the Company received pursuant to a note and warrant purchase agreement from the Lyle A. Berman Revocable Trust, as beneficially controlled by one of the Company s Directors, as lender. The unsecured note bears interest at per annum, compounded semi-annually, and shall be payable in cash semi-annually on June 30 th and December 31 st . The note matures on . The noteholder also received warrants to purchase 75,000 shares of common stock, exercisable at 2.21 per share over a ten-year term. 

On December 31, 2021, the Company received pursuant to a note and warrant purchase agreement from the Company s former CFO, Bradley K. Burke, as lender. The unsecured note bears interest at per annum, compounded semi-annually, and shall be payable in cash semi-annually on June 30 th and December 31 st . The note matures on . The noteholder also received warrants to purchase 3,750 shares of common stock, exercisable at 2.21 per share over a ten-year term. 

On December 31, 2021, the Company received pursuant to a note and warrant purchase agreement from the Cesar J. Gutierrez Living Trust, as beneficially controlled by the brother of the Company s CEO, as lender. The unsecured note bears interest at per annum, compounded semi-annually, and shall be payable in cash semi-annually on June 30 th and December 31 st . The note matures on . The noteholder also received warrants to purchase 7,500 shares of common stock, exercisable at 2.21 per share over a ten-year term. 

Total notes payable, related parties 

Less unamortized debt discounts: 

Notes payable 

Less: current maturities 

Notes payable, related parties, less current maturities 

The Company recorded total discounts of 
and , consisting of debt discounts on warrants granted to the related parties during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. The discounts are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the notes, until repayment, using the straight-line
method, which closely approximates the effective interest method. The Company recorded of stock-based interest expense pursuant
to the amortization of discounts during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The Company recognized of interest expense
for the year ended December 31, 2022. interest expense was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

pursuant to a note and warrant purchase agreement from an accredited investor, as lender. The unsecured note bears interest at per annum, compounded semi-annually, and was payable in cash semi-annually on June 30 th and December 31 st . On August 23, 2022, the note was amended to update the terms of the interest payment to be payable at the earlier of the maturity date or January 1, 2025, rather than being paid semi-annually. The note matures on . The noteholders also received warrants to purchase 20,000 shares of common stock, exercisable at 2.35 per share over a ten-year term. 

On April 8, 2022, the Company received pursuant to a note and warrant purchase agreement from an accredited investor, as lender. The unsecured note bears interest at per annum, compounded semi-annually, and was payable in cash semi-annually on June 30 th and December 31 st . On August 23, 2022, the note was amended to update the terms of the interest payment to be payable at the earlier of the maturity date or January 1, 2025, rather than being paid semi-annually. The note matures on . The noteholders also received warrants to purchase 125,000 shares of common stock, exercisable at 2.35 per share over a ten-year term. 

On June 16, 2020, the Company entered into a loan authorization and loan agreement with the United States Small Business Administration (the SBA ), as lender, pursuant to the SBA s Economic Injury Disaster Loan EIDL assistance program in light of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s business (the EIDL Loan Agreement encompassing a Promissory Note issued to the SBA (the EIDL Note )(together with the EIDL Loan Agreement, the EIDL Loan ), bearing interest at per annum. In connection with entering into the EIDL Loan, the Company also executed a security agreement, dated June 16, 2020, between the SBA and the Company (the EIDL Security Agreement pursuant to which the EIDL Loan is secured by a security interest on all of the Company s assets. Under the EIDL Note, the Company is required to pay principal and interest payments of 731 every month beginning June 16, 2021. All remaining principal and accrued interest is due and payable on . The EIDL Note may be repaid at any time without penalty. 

Total notes payable 

Less: unamortized debt discounts 

Notes payable 

Less: current maturities 

Notes payable, less current maturities 

The Company recorded total discounts of ,
consisting of debt discounts on warrants granted to accredited investors on April 8, 2022. The discounts are being amortized to interest
expense over the term of the notes, until repayment, using the straight-line method, which closely approximates the effective interest
method. The Company recorded of stock-based interest expense pursuant to the amortization of discounts during the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

The Company recognized and of interest
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The Company recognized interest expense for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as follows: 

Amortization of debt discounts on notes payable, related parties 

Interest on notes payable 

Amortization of debt discounts on notes payable 

Total interest expense 

authorized shares of
 par value preferred stock. No shares have been issued to date. 

Common Stock Sold for Cash 

 O n July 2, 2021, the
Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with multiple accredited investors to sell and issue to the purchasers, thereunder, an
aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock at a price of 4.25 per Share. Proceeds to the Company from the sale of
the Shares were . A total of of these shares, or proceeds of were purchased by officers and directors. 

On February 5, 2021, the Company entered into
a Stock Purchase Agreement with multiple accredited investors to sell and issue to the Purchasers an aggregate shares of the Company s
common stock at a price of 4.00 per share for total proceeds of . A total of of these shares, or proceeds of 
were purchased by officers and directors. 

Common Stock Issued to Directors for Services 

 On July 22, 2022, the
Company accepted Mr. Joseph Lahti s resignation from the Board of Directors and appointed Tim Creed as a member of the Board. Pursuant
to the Company s Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan, Mr. Creed received shares of common stock as compensation. The
fair value of the shares was , based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant . 

On April 11, 2022, the
Company appointed Joe Mueller as a member of the Board of Directors and Audit Committee. Pursuant to the Company s Non-Employee
Director Compensation Plan, Mr. Mueller received shares of common stock as compensation. The fair value of the shares was ,
based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. 

On December 8, 2021,
the Company issued an aggregate shares of common stock amongst its five Directors for annual services to be rendered. The aggregate
fair value of the common stock was , based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The
shares were expensed upon issuance. 

On December 8, 2021,
the Company issued an additional shares to Mr. Chris Ludeman for Audit Committee Chair services. The
fair value of the common stock was , based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The shares
were expensed upon issuance. 

On October 1, 2020,
the Company issued an aggregate shares of common stock amongst its five Directors for annual services to be rendered. The aggregate
fair value of the common stock was , based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The
shares were expensed upon issuance. 

On October 1, 2020,
the Company issued an additional shares to Mr. Benjamin Oehler, for former Audit Committee Chair services. The
fair value of the common stock was , based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The shares
were expensed upon issuance. 

Common Stock Awarded to Advisory Board Members 

 On April
20, 2022, the Company awarded an aggregate total of shares of common stock to
two advisory board members for services. The aggregate fair value of the shares was , based on the closing price of the Company s
common stock on the date of grant. 

On March
25, 2022, the Company awarded shares of common stock to a newly appointed advisory
board member for services. The fair value of the shares was , based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on
the date of grant. 

Issuance of Shares for Services 

 On various
dates between January 31, 2021 and December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate and shares in
monthly increments of 5,541 and 6,044 shares to Claudia and Ira Goldfarb , respectively ,
for their services. The aggregate fair value of the shares was and for Claudia and Ira, respectively, based on the closing
price of the Company s common stock on the dates of grant. 

On May 25, 2021,
the Company issued shares to each of two advisory board members for their services.
The total aggregate fair value of the shares was , based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of
grant. 

On January 27, 2021,
upon Benjamin Oehler s resignation, the Company a ppointed Chris Ludeman as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company,
and appointed him to the Company s Audit Committee as Chairperson. Pursuant to his appointment, Mr. Ludeman was issued
 shares of common stock for his services to be rendered. The aggregate fair value of the common stock was , based on the closing
price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. 

Common Stock Issued to Officers for Services,
Common Stock Payable 

 On December 31, 2021,
the Company awarded and shares of common stock to Claudia and Ira Goldfarb , respectively, for services earned during
December 31, 2021. The aggregate fair value of the shares was and for Claudia and
Ira, respectively, based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant . The shares were subsequently
issued on March 25, 2022, in satisfaction of the outstanding common stock payable. 

On
January 7, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate and shares of common stock to Claudia and Ira Goldfarb ,
respectively, for services from October 2020 through December 31, 2020 in satisfaction of the outstanding common
stock payable at December 31, 2020. The aggregate fair value of the shares was and for Claudia and Ira, respectively,
based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant , was presented as Common Stock Payable
as of December 31, 2020 . 

shares of common stock at a weighted average strike price of , exercisable over a weighted average life of years were outstanding
as of December 31, 2022. 

Options Granted 

 On July 22, 2022, the
Company appointed Tim Creed as a member of the Board. Pursuant to the Company s 2020 Equity Plan, Mr. Creed was granted options
to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. These options will vest as
of July 22, 2023 and 20 each anniversary thereafter until fully vested. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based
on a volatility rate of and a call option value of 3.6166, was . The options are being expensed over the vesting period,
resulting in of stock-based compensation expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, a
total of of unamortized expenses are expected to be expensed over the vesting period. 

On April 11, 2022, the
Company appointed Joe Mueller as a member of the Board of Directors and Audit Committee. Pursuant to the Company s 2020 Equity Plan,
Mr. Mueller was granted options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share.
These options will vest as of April 11, 2023 and 20 each anniversary thereafter until fully vested. The estimated value using
the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of and a call option value of 2.6433, was . The options are being
expensed over the vesting period, resulting in of stock-based compensation expense during the year ended December 31, 2022.
As of December 31, 2022, a total of of unamortized expenses are expected to be expensed over the vesting period. 

On April 1, 2022, a total of nineteen employees
and consultants were granted options to purchase an aggregate shares of the Company s common stock, having an exercise price
of per share, exercisable over a 10-year term. The options will vest 60 on the third anniversary, and 20 each anniversary thereafter
until fully vested. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of and a call option value
of 2.6433, was . The options are being expensed over the vesting period, resulting in of stock-based compensation expense
during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, a total of of unamortized expenses are expected to
be expensed over the vesting period. 

On April 1, 2022, the Company granted options
to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, having an exercise price of per share, exercisable over a 10-year
term, to the Company s then Chief Financial Officer. The options were to vest 60 on the third anniversary, and 20 each anniversary
thereafter until fully vested. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of and a call
option value of 2.6433, was . The options were being expensed over the vesting period, however, pursuant to a Separation
Agreement and Release, dated May 3, 2022 , the vesting terms of the options were accelerated to be fully vested, resulting
in of stock-based compensation expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. Pursuant to the Separation
Agreement and Release, the vesting of an aggregate , with a weighted average exercise price of , of Mr. Burke s previously
awarded options were also accelerated to be fully vested . 

On March 30, 2022, a total of sixteen employees
and consultants were granted options to purchase an aggregate shares of the Company s common stock, having an exercise price
of per share, exercisable over a 10-year term. The options will vest 60 on the third anniversary, and 20 each anniversary thereafter
until fully vested. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of and a call option value
of 2.6435, was . The options are being expensed over the vesting period, resulting in of stock-based compensation expense
during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, a total of of unamortized expenses are expected to
be expensed over the vesting period. 

On March 25, 2022, a newly appointed advisory
board member was granted options to purchase an aggregate shares of the Company s common stock, having an exercise price of
 per share, exercisable over a 10-year term. The options will vest 20 on each anniversary over a five-year period, until fully vested.
The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of and a call option value of 2.2584, was
 . The options are being expensed over the vesting period, resulting in of stock-based compensation expense during the year
ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, a total of of unamortized expenses are expected to be expensed over
the vesting period. 

On December 8, 2021, a total of eight employees
and consultants were granted options to purchase an aggregate shares of the Company s common stock, having an exercise price
of per share, exercisable over a 10-year term. The options will vest 60 on the third anniversary, and 20 each anniversary thereafter
until fully vested. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of and a call option value
of 2.9731, was . The options are being expensed over the vesting period, resulting in and of stock-based compensation
expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, a total of of unamortized
expenses are expected to be expensed over the vesting period. 

On August 27, 2021, a total of twelve employees
and consultants were granted options to purchase an aggregate shares of the Company s common stock, having an exercise price
of per share, exercisable over a 10-year term. The options will vest 60 on the third anniversary, and 20 each anniversary thereafter
until fully vested. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of and a call option value
of 5.9316, was . The options are being expensed over the vesting period, resulting in and of stock-based compensation
expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, a total of of unamortized
expenses are expected to be expensed over the vesting period. 

On May 25, 2021, two advisory board members were
granted options to purchase an aggregate shares of the Company s common stock, having an exercise price of per share,
exercisable over a 10-year term. The options will vest 60 on the third anniversary, and 20 each anniversary thereafter until fully vested.
The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of and a call option value of 4.9272, was
 . The options are being expensed over the vesting period, resulting in and of stock-based compensation expense during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, a total of of unamortized expenses
are expected to be expensed over the vesting period. 

On April 22, 2021, Brad Burke was granted options
to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, having an exercise price of per share, exercisable over a 10-year
term. The options will vest 60 on the third anniversary, and 20 each anniversary thereafter until fully vested. The estimated value
using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of and a call option value of 5.4381, was . The options
were being expensed over the vesting period, however, pursuant to a Separation Agreement and Release,
dated May 3, 2022 , the vesting terms of the options were accelerated to be fully vested, resulting in and 
of stock-based compensation expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On April 22, 2021, a total of fifteen employees
and consultants were granted options to purchase an aggregate shares of the Company s common stock, having an exercise price
of per share, exercisable over a 10-year term. The options will vest 60 on the third anniversary, and 20 each anniversary thereafter
until fully vested. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of and a call option value
of 5.4381, was . The options were expensed over the vesting period, resulting in and of stock-based compensation
expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, a total of of unamortized
expenses are expected to be expensed over the vesting period. 

On January 27, 2021, Chris Ludeman was granted
options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, having an exercise price of per share, exercisable over a
10-year term. The options will vest in three equal annual installments beginning of January 27, 2022 and continuing on each of the two
anniversaries thereafter until fully vested. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of
 and a call option value of 6.1794, was . The options are being expensed over the vesting period, resulting in and
 of stock-based compensation expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31,
2022, a total of of unamortized expenses are expected to be expensed over the vesting period. 

On January 4, 2021, Claudia and Ira Goldfarb were
each granted options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, having an exercise price of per share, exercisable
over a 10-year term. The options will vest in three equal installments beginning of January 4, 2022 and continuing on each of the two
anniversaries thereafter until fully vested. The aggregate estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility
rate of and a call option value of 3.9412, was . The options are being expensed over the vesting period, resulting in 
and of stock-based compensation expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31,
2022, a total of of unamortized expenses are expected to be expensed over the vesting period. 

The Company recognized a total of , and
 of compensation expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to common stock options
issued to Employees and Directors that are being amortized over the implied service term, or vesting period, of the options. The remaining
unamortized balance of these options is as of December 31, 2022. 

Options Cancelled or Forfeited 

 An aggregate and options with a
weighted average strike price of and per share were forfeited by former employees during the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

Options Expired 

 options expired during the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021. 

Options Exercised 

 options were exercised during the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The following is a summary of information about
the Stock Options outstanding at December 31, 2022. 

 - 
 
 years 

.02 

The following is a summary of activity of outstanding
stock options: 

Options granted 

Options cancelled 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Options granted 

Options cancelled 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

shares of common stock at a strike price, exercisable over a weighted average life of years were outstanding as of December
31, 2022. 

Warrants Granted 

 On December 21, 2022 ,
warrants to purchase an aggregate shares of common stock were issued to a director pursuant to a private placement debt offering
in which aggregate proceeds of were received in exchange for promissory notes and warrants to purchase an aggregate shares
of common stock, representing warrant shares per of promissory notes. The warrants are fully vested and exercisable
over a period of years at a price of per share. The Company may redeem outstanding warrants prior to their expiration, at a price
of per share, provided that the volume weighted average sale price per share of Common Stock equals or exceeds 9.00 per share for
thirty (30) consecutive trading days ending on the third business day prior to the mailing of notice of such redemption. The estimated
value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of and a weighted average call option value of 3.15, was
 . The warrants are being expensed over the life of the loans, resulting in of stock-based compensation expense during the
year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, a total of of unamortized expenses are expected to be expensed
over the remaining life of the outstanding debts. 

On September 29, 2022 ,
warrants to purchase an aggregate shares of common stock were issued to directors pursuant to a private placement debt offering
in which aggregate proceeds of were received in exchange for promissory notes and warrants to purchase an aggregate shares
of common stock, representing warrant shares per of promissory notes. The warrants are fully vested and exercisable
over a period of years at a price of per share. The Company may redeem outstanding warrants prior to their expiration, at a price
of per share, provided that the volume weighted average sale price per share of Common Stock equals or exceeds 9.00 per share for
thirty (30) consecutive trading days ending on the third business day prior to the mailing of notice of such redemption. The estimated
value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of and a weighted average call option value of 1.9441, was
 . The warrants are being expensed over the life of the loans, resulting in of stock-based compensation expense during
the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, a total of of unamortized expenses are expected to be expensed
over the remaining life of the outstanding debts. 

On April 8, 2022, warrants to purchase an aggregate
 shares of common stock were issued pursuant to a private placement debt offering in which aggregate proceeds of were
received in exchange for promissory notes and warrants to purchase an aggregate 925,000 shares of common stock, representing warrant
shares per of promissory notes. The warrants are fully vested and exercisable over a period of years at a price of per
share. The Company may redeem outstanding warrants prior to their expiration, at a price of per share, provided that the volume
weighted average sale price per share of Common Stock equals or exceeds 9.00 per share for thirty (30) consecutive trading days ending
on the third business day prior to the mailing of notice of such redemption. A total of of the warrants were issued to officers
or directors. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of and a weighted average call
option value of 2.9443, was . The warrants are being expensed over the life of the loans, resulting in of stock-based
compensation expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, a total of of unamortized
expenses are expected to be expensed over the lives of outstanding debts. 

On
December 31, 2021, the Company closed a private placement and concurrently entered into a Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement with related
parties to sell an aggregate 
 of promissory notes and warrants to purchase an aggregate 
 shares of common stock, representing 15,000 warrant shares per 100,000
of promissory notes. The warrants are exercisable at a price of 
 per share over a ten-year term. The estimated value using the
Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of 
and a call option value of 2.25, was .
The warrants are being expensed over the life of the loans, resulting in 
 of stock-based compensation expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, a total of 
 of unamortized expenses are expected to be expensed over the lives of outstanding debts. The officers,
directors and related parties receiving grants and the amounts of such grants were as follows: 

Brad Burke, Chief Financial Officer 

Lyle Berman, Director 

Cesar J. Gutierrez, brother of the Company s Chief Executive Officer 

Total: 

A total of warrants with a weighted average
exercise price of per share expired during the year ended December 31, 2022. No warrants were exercised, cancelled or expired
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, otherwise. 

The following is a summary of activity of outstanding
warrants: 

Warrants granted 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Warrants granted 

Warrants expired 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

, with two five-year options
to extend, at a monthly lease term of , with approximately a 3 annual escalation of lease payments commencing September 15, 2021. 

, consisting of the forgiveness of of principal and of interest,
on our PPP loan pursuant to Payroll Protection Program established as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the
 CARES Act ). 

,
based on the closing stock price of 1.58
per share, resulting in losses on our investment in securities, as follows: 

Less: Net gains and losses recognized on equity securities sold during the period 

Unrealized losses recognized on equity securities still held at the end of the period 

Deferred taxes 

Net income tax provision (benefit) 

The effective income tax rate for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the following: 

State income taxes 

Permanent differences 

Change in effective state income tax rate 

True up prior year tax return 

Change in valuation allowance 

Net effective income tax rate 

The components of the deferred tax assets and
liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Stock compensation 

Stock-based debt discounts 

Goodwill and intangibles 

Reorganization costs 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property and equipment 

Unrealized gain on investment in Allied Esports Entertainment, Inc. 

Total deferred liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 

Less: valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets (liabilities) 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company
has a net operating loss carryover of approximately . Under existing Federal law, a portion of the net operating loss may be
utilized to offset taxable income through the year ended December 31, 2037. A portion of the net operating loss carryover begins
to expire in 2030. For tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, pursuant to the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act TCJA net operating losses now carry forward indefinitely but are limited to offsetting 80 of taxable income in a tax year. Of the total net
operating loss as of December 31, 2022, approximately of the Company s NOL is subject to the TCJA net operating loss
provisions. 

ASC Topic 740 provides that a valuation allowance
is recognized if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset
will not be realized. In 2021, The Company increased its valuation allowance from to to adjust for the increase
in net deferred tax assets primarily due to an increase in the net operating loss carryovers. The Company believes it is more likely than
not that the benefit of these remaining assets will not be realized. 

The Company filed annual US
Federal income tax returns and annual income tax returns for the state of Minnesota through 2020. Going forward, it will file annual state
income tax returns for the state of Texas. We are not subject to income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2016 for
all returns. Income taxing authorities have conducted no formal examinations of our past federal or state income tax returns and supporting
records. 

The Company adopted the provisions
of ASC Topic 740 regarding uncertainty in income taxes. The Company has found no significant uncertain tax positions as of any date on
or before December 31, 2022. 

F- 35 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in
the reports we file or furnish to the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, who is one and the same ,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined) in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and
Interim Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered in this report, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the required time periods and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our
Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer do not expect that our disclosure controls
or internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. Although our disclosure controls and procedures were designed to provide reasonable
assurance of achieving their objectives and our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer have determined that our disclosure
controls and procedures are effective at doing so, a control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable,
not absolute assurance that the objectives of the system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations
in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any,
within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty,
and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented if there exists in an individual
a desire to do so. There can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f).
The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be
no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote.
All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

22 

We carried out an evaluation,
under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness
of our internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the
criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over
financial reporting was ineffective based on those criteria. As a small Company with limited resources that is mainly focused on the development
and sales of our freeze dried products, the Company does not employ a sufficient number of staff in its finance department to possess
an optimal segregation of duties or to provide optimal levels of oversight. This has resulted in certain audit adjustments and management
believes that there may be a possibility for a material misstatement to occur in future periods while it employs the current number of
personnel in its finance department. 

To address these material
weaknesses, management performed additional analyses and other procedures to ensure that the financial statements included herein fairly
present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. Accordingly,
we believe that the financial statements included in this report fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no
changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting through the date of this report or during the quarter ended
December 31, 2022, that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Independent Registered Accountant s Internal
Control Attestation 

This annual report does not
include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to applicable
law. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

23 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table lists our executive officers
and directors as of March 31, 2023: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Claudia Goldfarb 
 
 47 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Director 
 
 Ira Goldfarb 
 
 65 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Bradley Berman (1) 
 
 52 
 
 Director 
 
 Joe Mueller (1) 
 
 53 
 
 Director 
 
 Lyle Berman (1) 
 
 81 
 
 Director 
 
 Tim Creed (1) 
 
 36 
 
 Director 
 
 Chris Ludeman (1) 
 
 64 
 
 Director 

(1) Member of audit committee. 

Claudia Goldfarb has
been our chief executive officer since October 1, 2020 and became our interim chief financial officer on April 1, 2022.
Mrs. Goldfarb i s the co-founder of the freeze-dried foods business which the Company acquired. Mrs.
Goldfarb previously served as Prairie Dog Pet Products, LLC s President from 2016 to 2020 and Chief Operating Officer from
2012 to 2016. During Mrs. Goldfarb s tenure at Prairie Dog Pet Products she was responsible for managing four food
manufacturing facilities with over 300 employees and 200,000 sq. feet of manufacturing space. Mrs. Goldfarb s expertise in
product research and development is underscored by her successful launch of over 200 unique products. She has also served as Chief
Operating Officer of the pet apparel company, PGT Holdings, from 2010-2012. Mrs. Goldfarb co-founded and served as the Chief
Executive Officer of Operation Ava, Inc. Previously, Mrs. Goldfarb served as a Project Development Consultant for the North American
Development Bank, specializing in infrastructure development and financing on the US-Mexican Border. Mrs. Goldfarb has spent the
last 10 years specializing in product development, implementing best-in-class quality food systems, and freeze-dried pet food
manufacturing . 

Mr. Ira Goldfarb, who is our
Chairman of the Board of Directors, is Mrs. Claudia Goldfarb s husband. 

Mrs. Goldfarb s qualifications: 

Leadership experience Mrs. Goldfarb is the CEO of Sow Good Inc.
She was previously the President of Prairie Dog Pet Products and, prior to that role, the company s Chief Operating Officer. 
 
 Finance experience Mrs. Goldfarb served as a Project Development
Consultant for the North American Development Bank, specializing in infrastructure development and financing on the US-Mexican border. 
 
 Industry experience Mrs. Goldfarb was responsible for managing
four food manufacturing facilities for Prairie Dog Pet Products, which over 300 employees and 200,000 sq. feet of manufacturing space.
Over her career, Mrs. Goldfarb has launched over 200 unique products, underscoring her expertise in product research and development. 

Ira Goldfarb has
been our chairman since October 1, 2020. Mr. Goldfarb i s the co-founder of the freeze-dried foods
business which the Company acquired. Mr. Goldfarb previously founded Prairie Dog Pet Products, LLC in 2012 and served as its Chief Executive
Officer until 2020 when he sold the company to Kinderhook Industries. Prairie Dog Pet Products is a leading freeze-dried pet food and
treat manufacturing company based in Grand Prairie, Texas. Previously, Mr. Goldfarb was Chief Executive Officer of PGT Holdings from 2010-2012
and founder and Chief Executive Officer of DS Retail Holdings, LLC from 2006 until 2013. In 2009 Mr. Goldfarb co-founded and funded Operation
Ava Inc., the second largest dog and cat rescue group in Pennsylvania. Operation Ava saved over 2,000 animals each year from euthanasia.
Mr. Goldfarb has extensive experience in both the retail and manufacturing industries spanning over 30 years; he first specialized in
the leather fashion industry then in the pet food industry with a focus on dehydrated and freeze-dried products. He has also founded,
developed, and sold numerous companies to public and private groups. Mr. Goldfarb is the husband of Claudia Goldfarb . 

24 

Mrs. Claudia Goldfarb, who
is our Chief Executive Officer, is Mr. Ira Goldfarb s wife. 

Mr. Goldfarb s qualifications: 

Leadership experience Mr. Goldfarb is the Executive Chairman of
Sow Good Inc. He previously founded Prairie Dog Pet Products in 2012 and served as the company s CEO until 2020. 
 
 Industry experience Prairie Dog Pet Products is a leading freeze-dried
pet food and treat manufacturing company. Mr. Goldfarb has extensive experience in both the retail and manufacturing industries over his
greater than 30-year career. He first specialized in the leather fashion industry before focusing on the pet food industry with an emphasis
on dehydrated and freeze-dried products 

Bradley Berman has
been a director since our inception and was our chairman from November 12, 2010 until October 1, 2020. He was our chief
executive officer from November 12, 2010 to November 9, 2011, our chief financial officer between November 12, 2010
and November 15, 2010, and our corporate secretary from November 12, 2010 to February 22, 2011. Mr. Berman
has been a director of Allied Esports Entertainment Inc. (AESE) (fka Black Ridge Acquisition Corp.) since May 2017. Mr. Berman is
the president of King Show Games, Inc., a company he founded in 1998. Mr. Berman has worked in various capacities in casino gaming
from 1992 to 2004 for Grand Casinos, Inc. and then Lakes Entertainment, Inc., achieving the position of Vice President of Gaming,
after which he assumed a lesser role in that company. Mr. Berman was a director of Voyager Oil and Gas, Inc. (formerly Ante4 and
WPT) from August 2004 to November 2010. 

Mr. Lyle Berman, who is one
of our directors, is Mr. Brad Berman s father. 

Mr. Berman s qualifications: 

Leadership experience Mr. Berman was our chairman from November 12, 2010
until October 1, 2020 and was our chief executive officer from November 12, 2010 to November 9, 2011 and he is the
founder and president of King Show Games, Inc. 
 
 Finance experience Mr. Berman is the founder and president
of King Show Games, Inc. 
 
 Education experience - Mr. Berman attended Mankato State University
in Minnesota and University of Nevada at Las Vegas in Nevada concentrating in business and computer science. 

Joe Mueller 
 has been a director of the Company since April 11, 2022. Mr. Mueller is the Vice President of Industry
and Customer Development for Kellogg Company, where he leads Kellogg Company s external engagement strategy, and represents Kellogg
across the global industry. He also serves as a board member for the American Heart Association. During his more than three decades in
the consumer packaged goods industry, Mr. Mueller has served in several key management roles, including serving as the vice president
of sales of various divisions within Kellogg, including its Walmart, Keurig Green Mountain, Breakfast, and Health Wellness teams.
In these roles, Mr. Mueller was responsible for marketing strategy, product development, and sales organization, alongside regularly interfacing
with key corporate leaders. Prior to his executive roles, Mr. Mueller managed retail stores across the country and worked in several sales
positions at Kellogg. 

Mr. Mueller's qualifications: 

Leadership experience Mr. Mueller is the Vice President of Industry
and Customer Development for Kellogg Company, with responsibilities for the Kellogg Company's global engagement strategy. 
 
 Industry experience During his three decades in the consumer goods
industry and with Kellogg, Mr. Mueller has served in several management roles. 
 
 Education experience Mr. Mueller earned his Bachelor of Science
degree in Marketing and Management from Missouri State University and completed his MBA from the University of Phoenix. 

25 

Lyle Berman 
has been a director of the Company since October 26, 2016. Mr. Berman began his career with Berman Buckskin, his family's leather business.
He helped grow the business into a major specialty retailer with 27 outlets. After selling Berman Buckskin to WR Grace in 1979, Mr. Berman
continued as President and Chief Executive Officer and led the company to become one the country's largest retail leather chains, with
over 200 stores nationwide. In 1990, Mr. Berman participated in the founding of Grand Casinos, Inc. Mr. Berman is credited as one of the
early visionaries in the development of casinos outside of the traditional gaming markets of Las Vegas and Atlantic City. In less than
five years, the company opened eight casino resorts in four states. In 1994, Mr. Berman financed the initial development of Rainforest
Cafe. He served as the Chairman and CEO from 1994 until 2000. In October 1995, Mr. Berman was honored with the B'nai B'rith Great
American Traditions Award. In April 1996, he received the Gaming Executive of the Year Award; in 2004, Mr. Berman was inducted into
the Poker Hall of Fame; and in 2009, he received the Casino Lifetime Achievement Award from Raving Consulting Casino Journal. 

Mr. Bradley Berman, who is
also on the Board of Directors, is Mr. Lyle Berman s son. 

Mr. Berman s qualifications: 

Mr. Berman currently serves
on the following Boards: 

Redstone American Grill 
 
 Augeo Affinity Marketing 
 
 Epika, Inc 
 
 Mill City Ventures, LTD 

Mr. Berman has served on the following Boards: 

Chairman of the Board and CEO of Lakes Entertainment, Inc., (1999 2015) 
 
 Executive Chairman of the Board of WPT Enterprises, Inc. (later known as Voyager Oil Gas, Inc. and
Emerald Oil, Inc.) (2002 2013) 
 
 Director of PokerTek, Inc. (2005 2014) Chairman of the Board (2005 2011) 
 
 Director of Allied Esports Entertainment Inc. (AESE) (fka Black Ridge Acquisition Corp.) (2017 
2023) 
 
 Chairman of the Board and CEO, Rainforest Caf (1994 2000) 
 
 Chairman of the Board and CEO, Grand Casinos (1991 1998) 
 
 Director, Golden Entertainment (2015 2022) 

Education experience 
Mr. Berman holds a degree in Business Administration from the University of Minnesota 

Tim Creed has
been a director of the Company since July 22, 2022. Mr. Creed is the Co-Founder and Partner of Creed UnCo, LLC, a consulting company focused
on brand management and franchising. Mr. Creed utilizes his years of experience working in the food, pet care, and automotive industries
to help brands grow, scale, and sustain their businesses. Prior to consulting, Mr. Creed spent over a decade at Mars, Inc., working in
human resources, sales management, and e-commerce. While there, he served as the Digital Commerce Lead for Mars' KIND products, and was
responsible for their international growth. Most recently, Mr. Creed was Director of eCommerce for international tire and mobility company,
Bridgestone, Inc. 

Mr. Creed's qualifications: 

Leadership experience Mr. Creed is the Co-Founder and Partner
of Creed UnCo, LLC and provides consulting services for brand management and franchising. 
 
 Industry experience During his fifteen years in the food, pet
care, and automotive industries, Mr. Creed has served in a variety of management, sales, and human resources roles. 
 
 Education experience Mr. Creed earned his Bachelor of Science
degrees in both Psychology and Management from Macquarie University. 

26 

Chris Ludeman has
been our director and has served as Chairperson of the Audit Committee since January 27, 2021. Chris Ludeman is Global President
of Capital Markets for CBRE, the world s leading commercial real estate services firm and one of the largest U.S.-based public companies.
Mr. Ludeman drives the company s advisory business for investors, including responsibility for equity sales, debt and structured
finance and real estate investment banking, both globally and in the Americas. He serves as a member of the Global Operating Committee
and the Americas Operations Management Board. 

During his more than three
decades in the real estate services industry and with CBRE, Mr. Ludeman has served in several key management roles, including serving
as the president of various businesses including Brokerage, Transaction Management and Global Corporate Services. In these roles, Mr.
Ludeman was responsible for all transaction units in the Americas as well as corporate outsourcing functions such as facilities management,
project management, lease administration, transaction management and research and consulting. Prior to his national and international
roles Mr. Ludeman served in several regional and local market leadership positions across the United States. 

Mr. Ludeman s qualifications: 

Leadership experience Mr. Ludeman is Global President of Capital
Markets for CBRE, with responsibility for equity sales, debt and structured finance and real estate investment banking, both globally
and in the Americas. 
 
 Industry experience During his more than three decades in the
real estate services industry and with CBRE, Mr. Ludeman has served in several key management roles, including serving as the president
of various businesses including Brokerage, Transaction Management and Global Corporate Services. 
 
 Education experience Mr. Ludeman earned a Bachelor of Arts degree
from the University of California, Santa Barbara. 

No director is required to
make any specific amount or percentage of his business time available to us. Each of our officers intends to devote such amount of his
or her time to our affairs as is required or deemed appropriate. 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Director Selection Process 

The Company does not have
a standing nominating committee, but rather the Board of Directors as a whole considers director nominees. The Board of Directors has
determined this is appropriate given the size of the Board of Directors and the Company s current size. The Board will consider
candidates suggested by its members, other directors, senior management and stockholders in anticipation of upcoming elections and actual
or expected board vacancies. The Board of Directors has not adopted a formal diversity policy or established specific minimum criteria
or qualifications because from time to time the needs of the Board and the Company may change. All candidates, including those recommended
by stockholders, are evaluated on the same basis in light of the entirety of their credentials and the needs of the Board of Directors
and the Company. Of particular importance is the candidate s wisdom, integrity, ability to make independent analytical inquiries,
understanding of the business environment in which the Company operates, as well as his or her potential contribution to the diversity
of the Board of Directors and his or her willingness to devote adequate time to fulfill his or her duties as a director. The Board of
Directors will consider director candidates recommended by the Company s stockholders. Stockholders may recommend director candidates
by contacting the Chairman of the Board as provided under the heading Communications with the Board of Directors. The Company
did not employ a search firm or pay fees to other third parties in connection with seeking or evaluating board nominee candidates. 

Board and Committee Meetings 

During the year ended December 31, 2022,
the Board of Directors held four meetings and the Audit Committee held four meetings. The Company does not have a separate Compensation
Committee. Each of our elected Directors attended at least 75 of all meetings of the Board of Directors and the committees on which he
served during the year. 

27 

Annual Meeting Attendance 

The Company did not hold an
annual meeting of stockholders in 2022. If the Company holds an annual meeting of stockholders in the future, the Board of Directors will
encourage Directors to attend such annual meeting. 

Board Leadership Structure 

Our Board of Directors has
no formal policy with respect to separation of the positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer or with respect to whether the Chairman
should be a member of management or an independent director, and believes that these are matters that should be discussed and determined
by the Board from time to time based on the position and direction of the Company and the membership of the Board. The Board has determined
that having Ira Goldfarb serve as Chairman and Claudia Goldfarb as the CEO is in the best interest of the Company s stockholders
at this time. 

Risk Management 

Our Board of Directors believes
that risk management is an important component of the Company s corporate strategy. The Board, as a whole, oversees our risk management
process, and discusses and reviews with management major policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management. The Board is regularly
informed through its interactions with management and committee reports about risks we currently face, as well as the most likely areas
of future risk, in the course of our business including economic, financial, operational, legal and regulatory risks. 

Communications with the Board of Directors 

Stockholders and other interested
persons seeking to communicate directly with the Board of Directors, the independent directors as a group or the Audit Committee of the
Board of Directors, should submit their written comments c/o Corporate Secretary at our principal executive offices at 1440 N Union Bower
Rd, Irving, TX 75061 and should indicate in the address whether the communication is intended for the Chairman of the Board, the Independent
Directors or a Committee Chair. The Chairman of the Board will review any such communication at the next regularly scheduled Board of
Directors meeting unless, in his or her judgment, earlier communication to the Board of Directors is warranted. 

At the direction of the Board
of Directors, we reserve the right to screen all materials sent to its directors for potential security risks, harassment purposes or
routine solicitations. 

Code of Ethics 

Our Board of Directors has
adopted a Code of Ethics which applies to our directors, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and other Company employees
who perform similar functions. 

28 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Compensation Overview 

We currently qualify as a
 smaller reporting company as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K.
Accordingly, and in accordance with relevant SEC rules and guidance, we have elected, with respect to the disclosures required by Item
402 (Executive Compensation) of Regulation S-K, to comply with the disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies.
The following Compensation Overview is not comparable to the Compensation Discussion and Analysis that is required of SEC
reporting companies that are not smaller reporting companies. 

The following Compensation
Overview describes the material elements of compensation for our executive officers identified in the Summary Compensation Table Named
Executive Officers ), and executive officers that we may hire in the future. As more fully described below, our board of directors
reviews and recommends policies, practices, and procedures relating to the total direct compensation of our executive officers, including
the Named Executive Officers, and the establishment and administration of certain of our employee benefit plans to our board of directors. 

Compensation Program Objectives and Rewards 

Our compensation philosophy
is based on the premise of attracting, retaining, and motivating exceptional leaders, setting high goals, working toward the common objectives
of meeting the expectations of customers and stockholders, and rewarding outstanding performance. Following this philosophy, we consider
all relevant factors in determining executive compensation, including the competition for talent, our desire to link pay with performance,
the use of equity to align executive interests with those of our stockholders, individual contributions, teamwork, and each executive s
total compensation package. We strive to accomplish these objectives by compensating all executives with compensation packages consisting
of a combination of competitive base salary and incentive compensation. 

The compensation received
by our Named Executive Officers is based primarily on the levels at which we can afford to retain them and their responsibilities and
individual contributions. Our compensation policy also reflects our strategy of minimizing general and administration expenses and utilizing
independent professional consultants. Our board of directors apply the compensation philosophy and policies described below to determine
the compensation of Named Executive Officers. 

The primary purpose of the
compensation and benefits we consider is to attract, retain, and motivate highly talented individuals who will engage in the behavior
necessary to enable us to succeed in our mission, while upholding our values in a highly competitive marketplace. Different elements are
designed to engender different behaviors, and the actual incentive amounts which may be awarded to each Named Executive Officer are subject
to the annual review of our board of directors who will make recommendations regarding compensation to our board of directors. The following
is a brief description of the key elements of our planned executive compensation structure. 

Base salary and benefits are designed to attract and retain employees over time. 
 
 Incentive compensation awards are designed to focus employees on the business objectives for a particular
year. 
 
 Equity incentive awards, such as stock options and non-vested stock, focus executives efforts on
the behaviors within the recipients control that they believe are designed to ensure our long-term success as reflected in increases
to our stock prices over a period of several years, growth in our profitability and other elements. 
 
 Severance and change in control plans are designed to facilitate a company s ability to attract
and retain executives as we compete for talented employees in a marketplace where such protections are commonly offered. 

Benchmarking 

We have not yet adopted benchmarking
but may do so in the future. When making compensation decisions, our board of directors may compare each element of compensation paid
to our Named Executive Officers against a report showing comparable compensation metrics from a group that includes both publicly-traded
and privately-held companies. Our board believes that while such peer group benchmarks are a point of reference for measurement, they
are not necessarily a determining factor in setting executive compensation. Each executive officer s compensation relative to the
benchmark varies based on the scope of responsibility and time in the position. We have not yet formally established our peer group for
this purpose. 

29 

The Elements of The Company s Compensation Program 

Base Salary 

Executive officer base salaries
are based on job responsibilities and individual contribution. Our board of directors review the base salaries of our executive officers,
including our Named Executive Officers, considering factors such as corporate progress toward achieving objectives (without reference
to any specific performance-related targets) and individual performance experience and expertise. Claudia Goldfarb, Ira Goldfarb and Brad
Burke are our only Named Executive Officers that have an employment agreement with us. 

We entered into an employment agreement with Claudia Goldfarb on October 1, 2020, which was amended on
January 4, 2021, under which she serves as our Chief Executive Officer. Pursuant to the employment agreement,
we pay Mrs. Goldfarb (a) for the period beginning on October 1, 2020 and ending December 31, 2021, the issuance of 5,541 shares of
the Company s common stock per month, and (b) beginning on January 1, 2022, a base salary payable in monthly increments in an amount
equal to the base salary of 292,500 per year through at least October 1, 2025, subject to annual 10 increases. 
 
 We entered into an employment agreement with Ira Goldfarb on October 1, 2020, which was amended on January 4,
2021, under which he serves as our Executive Chairman of the Board. Pursuant to the employment agreement, we
pay Mr. Goldfarb (a) for the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending December 31, 2021, the issuance of 6,044 shares of the Company s
common stock per month, and (b) beginning on January 1, 2022, a base salary payable in monthly increments in an amount equal to the base
salary of 330,000 per year through at least October 1, 2025, subject to annual 10 increases. 

Additional factors reviewed
by our board of directors in determining appropriate base salary levels and raises include subjective factors related to corporate and
individual performance. For the year ended December 31, 2022, all executive officer base salary decisions were approved by the
board of directors. 

We do not make matching contributions
to the 401(k) Plan. 

Incentive Compensation Awards 

Other than the Management
Incentive Plan Awards described below, no bonuses were granted in 2022 or 2021. 

If our revenue grows and bonuses
become affordable and justifiable, we expect to use the following parameters in justifying and quantifying bonuses for our Named Executive
Officers and other officers of the Company: (1) the growth in our revenue, (2) the growth in our earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization, as adjusted EBITDA ), and (3) our stock price. The board has not adopted specific performance goals and
target bonus amounts, but may do so in the future. 

Equity Incentive Awards 

Effective June 10, 2010,
as amended on February 22, 2011 and March 2, 2012, our board of directors adopted the Amended and Restated 2012 Stock
Incentive Plan (the 2012 Plan) under which a total of 25,000 shares of our common stock (as adjusted for the reverse stock split) have
been reserved for issuance as restricted stock or pursuant to the grant and exercise of stock options. The 2012 Plan has been approved
by the holders of a majority of our outstanding shares. 

Effective December 12, 2016, our board of directors
adopted the 2016 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (the 2016 Plan) under which a total of 12,712 shares of our common stock (as adjusted
for the reverse stock split) have been reserved for issuance pursuant to the grant and exercise of non-qualified stock options. 

Effective December 5, 2019,
as amended on October 1, 2020, January 4, 2021 and again on March 19, 2021, our board of directors adopted the 2020 Stock
Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan under which a total of 814,150 shares of our common stock have been reserved for issuance
pursuant to the grant and exercise of stock options. The amendments were approved by a majority of shareholders
of record on September 3, 2021. 

30 

Benefits and Prerequisites 

At this stage of our business,
we have benefits that are generally comparable to those offered by other small private and public companies and no prerequisites for our
employees. Other than a 401(k) Plan, we do not have any other retirement plan for our Named Executive Officers. We may adopt these plans
and confer other fringe benefits for our executive officers in the future. 

Executive Officer Compensation 

The following table sets forth
the total compensation paid in all forms to our named executive officers of the Company during the periods indicated: 

Summary Compensation Table 
 
 Name and 
 Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Stock 

 Awards 

Option 

 Awards 

Non-Equity 

 Incentive 

 Plan 

 Compensation 

Non-Qualified 

 Deferred 

 Compensation 

 Earnings 

All Other 

 Compensation 

Total 

Ira Goldfarb, (1) 
 2022 
 331,269 

331,269 
 
 Executive Chairman 
 2021 
 
 330,788 
 295,589 

626,377 

Claudia Goldfarb, (2) 
 2022 
 293,625 

293,625 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 
 303,259 
 295,589 

598,848 

Brad Burke, (3) 
 2022 
 159,409 
 
 72,692 

232,101 
 
 Former Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 275,000 

454,547 

____________________ 

(1) Mr. Goldfarb was appointed Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors on October 1, 2020. We have
 agreed to compensate Mr. Goldfarb a total of 330,000 in cash per year commencing on January 1, 2022, and 6,044 shares per month
 through December 31, 2021. On January 4, 2021, we issued 18,133 shares for Mr. Goldfarb s services in 2020, and a total
 of 72,528 shares during 2021, of which 6,044 shares were subsequently issued on March 24, 2022. On October 2, 2020, we granted Mr.
 Goldfarb an option to purchase 50,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 5.25 per share. The estimated value using the
 Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of 533 and a call option value of 5.2102, was 260,509. On December 28,
 2020, we granted Mr. Goldfarb an option to purchase 16,500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 4.00 per share. The
 estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of 201 and a call option value of 3.9657, was
 65,435. On January 4, 2021, we granted Mr. Goldfarb an option to purchase 75,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of
 3.70 per share. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of 198 and a call option
 value of 3.9412, was 295,589. 

(2) Mrs. Goldfarb was appointed Chief Executive Officer on October 1, 2020. We have agreed to compensate
 Mrs. Goldfarb a total of 292,500 in cash per year commencing on January 1, 2022, and 5,541 shares per month through December 31,
 2021. On January 4, 2021, we issued 16,623 shares for Mrs. Goldfarb s services in 2020, and a total of 66,492 shares during
 2021, of which 5,541 shares were subsequently issued on March 24, 2022. On October 2, 2020, we granted Mrs. Goldfarb an option to
 purchase 50,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 5.25 per share. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing
 Model, based on a volatility rate of 533 and a call option value of 5.2102, was 260,509. On December 28, 2020, we granted Mrs.
 Goldfarb an option to purchase 16,500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 4.00 per share. The estimated value using the
 Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of 201 and a call option value of 3.9657, was 65,435. On January 4, 2021,
 we granted Mrs. Goldfarb an option to purchase 75,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 3.70 per share. The estimated
 value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of 198 and a call option value of 3.9412, was
 295,589. 

(3) Mr. Burke served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer from December 28, 2020 through
 April 30, 2022, after serving as Interim Chief Financial Officer on an independent contractor basis from October 1, 2020. We
 had agreed to compensate Mr. Burke a total of 275,000 in cash per year. On April 1, 2022, we granted Mr. Burke an option to
 purchase 27,500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 2.75 per share. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing
 Model, based on a volatility rate of 406 and a call option value of 2.6433, was 72,692. On April 21, 2021, we granted Mr.
 Burke an option to purchase 27,500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 5.50 per share. The estimated value using the
 Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of 193 and a call option value of 5.4381, was 149,547. 

31 

Employment Agreements 

Other than as described above,
we have not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers to date. We may enter into employment agreements with them
in the future. 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

The following table sets forth
information with respect to unexercised stock options, stock that has not vested, and equity incentive plan awards held by our executive
officers at December 31, 2022. 

Outstanding Option Awards at Fiscal Year-End 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying 
 Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price 
 Option Expiration Date 

Ira Goldfarb, Executive Chairman 
 25,000 
 50,000 (1) 
 3.70 
 January 3, 2031 

-0- 
 16,500 (2) 
 4.00 
 December 27, 2030 

-0- 
 50,000 (3) 
 5.25 
 October 1, 2030 

Claudia Goldfarb, Chief Executive Officer 
 25,000 
 50,000 (1) 
 3.70 
 January 3, 2031 

-0- 
 16,500 (2) 
 4.00 
 December 27, 2030 

-0- 
 50,000 (3) 
 5.25 
 October 1, 2030 

(1) Options granted on
January 4, 2021, vests annually over three years. 

 (2) Options granted on
December 28, 2020, vests 60 on third anniversary, 20 on fourth, and 20 on fifth anniversary. 

 (3) Options granted on
October 2, 2020, vests 60 on third anniversary, 20 on fourth, and 20 on fifth anniversary. 

Option Exercises and Stock Vested 

None of our executive officers
exercised any stock options or acquired stock through vesting of an equity award during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

32 

Director Compensation 

The following table summarizes
the compensation paid or accrued by us to our directors that are not Named Executive Officers for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Stock Award 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Compensation 
 Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All other Compensation 
 Total 

Bradley Berman 

Chris Ludeman 

Lyle Berman 

Joe Mueller (1) 
 
 24,998 
 71,423 

96,421 
 
 Tim Creed (1) 
 
 25,000 
 87,346 

112,346 

(1) On April 11, 2022, we issued Mr.
Mueller a total of 8,064 shares of common stock for annual director services. The fair value of the common stock was 24,998 based on
the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. On April 11, 2022, we granted Mr. Mueller an option
to purchase 24,151 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 3.10 per share. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing
Model, based on a volatility rate of 153 and a call option value of 2.9574, was 71,423. 

 (2) On July 22, 2022, we issued Mr.
Creed a total of 6,410 shares of common stock for annual director services. The fair value of the common stock was 25,000 based on the
closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. On July 22, 2022, we granted Mr. Creed an option to purchase
24,151 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 3.90 per share. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based
on a volatility rate of 137 and a call option value of 3.6166, was 87,346. 

Directors are entitled to
reimbursement for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of our board of
directors. 

Our Board has not yet recommended
policy for board compensation, however stock grants and option awards have been granted to independent directors upon joining the board.
The Company has not paid cash fees to directors and has no formal compensation arrangements with its directors. While there is no set
policy regarding board compensation, this may be subject to change by the directors. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth
certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2023, based on information obtained from the persons
named below or as filed with the SEC, with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock by: (i) each person who is
known by us to own beneficially more than 5 of our common stock; (ii) each director; (iii) each named executive officer; and (iv) all
of our directors and executive officers as a group. On March 31, 2023, we had 4,847,384 shares of common stock outstanding. 

33 

As used in the table below
and elsewhere in this form, the term beneficial ownership with respect to a security consists of sole or shared voting power,
including the power to vote or direct the vote and/or sole or shared investment power, including the power to dispose or direct the disposition,
with respect to the security through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise, including a right to acquire
such power(s) during the next 60 days following March 31, 2023. Inclusion of shares in the table does not, however, constitute an admission
that the named stockholder is a direct or indirect beneficial owner of those shares. Unless otherwise indicated, (i) each person or entity
named in the table has sole voting power and investment power (or shares that power with that person s spouse) with respect to all
shares of capital stock listed as owned by that person or entity, and (ii) the address of each person or entity named in the table is
c/o Sow Good Inc., 1440 N Union Bower Rd, Irving, TX 75061. 

Name, Title and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (1) 
 Percentage of Ownership 
 
 Claudia Goldfarb, Chief Executive Officer, Interim, Chief Financial Officer, Director (2) 
 2,062,912 
 40.1 
 
 Ira Goldfarb, Chairman of Board (3) 
 2,907,958 
 48.6 
 
 Bradley Berman, Director (4) 
 279,053 
 5.7 
 
 Lyle Berman, Director (5) 
 1,278,194 
 23.5 
 
 Joe Mueller 
 8,064 

Tim Creed, Director 
 6,410 

Chris Ludeman, Director (6) 
 132,892 
 2.7 
 
 All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (7 persons) 
 4,686,862 
 70.1 
 
 Morris Goldfarb (7) 512 Seventh Avenue, 35 th FL New York, NY 10018 
 357,799 
 7.4 

__________________ 

Indicates beneficial ownership of less than 1 . 

(1) Except as pursuant to applicable community property laws, the
persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned. The total
number of issued and outstanding shares and the total number of shares owned by each person does not include unexercised warrants and
stock options owned by parties other than for whom the calculation is presented, and is calculated as of March 31, 2023. 

(2) Includes 1,620,973 shares held in the name of S-FDF, LLC, which
is an entity that Claudia owns with her spouse, Ira Goldfarb, 58,824 shares held in joint tenancy, 50,000 shares which may be purchased
pursuant to stock options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2023, and 250,000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to warrants
exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2023 that are jointly held with her spouse, Ira Goldfarb. 

(3) Includes 1,620,973 shares held in the name of S-FDF, LLC, which
is an entity that Ira owns with his spouse, Claudia Goldfarb, 58,824 shares held in joint tenancy, and 50,000 shares which may be purchased
pursuant to stock options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2023. Also includes 1,087,500 shares which may be purchased pursuant
to warrants exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2023, 250,000 of which are jointly held with his spouse, Claudia Goldfarb, 812,500
of which are held by Mr. Goldfarb's irrevocable trust, and 25,000 of which are held by IG Union Bower, for which Mr. Goldfarb is the
beneficial owner. 

(4) Includes 16,157 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock
options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2023, and 26,250 shares which may be purchased pursuant to warrants exercisable within
60 days of March 31, 2023. Also includes 23,735 shares held by certain trusts for the children of Mr. Bradley Berman, and 6,196
shares owned by Mr. Bradley Berman s spouse. 

(5) Includes 15,824 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock
options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2022, and 581,250 shares which may be purchased pursuant to warrants exercisable within
60 days of March 31, 2023. Does not include 123,910 shares held by trusts for the children of Mr. Lyle Berman, for which Mr. Gary
Raimist is trustee. 

(6) Includes 97,058 shares held by Christopher R. Lynda M. Ludeman
JTWROS. Includes 16,101 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2023. 

(7) Includes 150,000 shares held by Sirrom, LLC, for which Morris Goldfarb
is the beneficial ownership. 

34 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Related Party Transactions 

Debt Financing 

 On August 23, 2022, we
closed on an offering to sell up to 2,500,000 of promissory notes and warrants to purchase an aggregate 625,000 shares of the Company s
common stock, exercisable over a ten-year period at a price of 2.60 per share, representing 25,000 warrant shares per 100,000 of Notes
purchased. The notes mature on August 23, 2025. Interest on the Notes accrue at a rate of 8 per annum, payable on January 1, 2025.
Loans may be advanced to the Company from time to time from August 23, 2023 to the Maturity Date. On December 21, 2022 and September 29,
2022, the Company received aggregate proceeds of 250,000 and 750,000 from two of the Company s Directors on the sale of these
notes and warrants. 

On April
8, 2022 , the Company closed a private placement and concurrently entered into a Note and Warrant
Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement to sell an aggregate 3,700,000
of Promissory Notes (the Notes and warrants (the Warrants to purchase an aggregate 925,000 shares of common stock, representing 25,000 warrant shares per
 100,000 of promissory notes. Accrued interest on the Notes was payable semi-annually beginning September 30, 2022 at the rate
of 6 per annum, but on August 23, 2022, the notes were amended to update the terms of the interest payment to be payable at the
earlier of the maturity date or January 1, 2025, rather than being paid semi-annually. The principal amount of the Notes mature and become
due and payable on April 8, 2025. The Warrants are exercisable immediately and for a period of 10 years at a price of 2.35 per share.
Proceeds to the Company from the sale of the Securities were 3,700,000. The Company may redeem outstanding warrants prior to their expiration,
at a price of 0.01 per share, provided that the volume weighted average sale price per share of Common Stock equals or exceeds 9.00
per share for thirty (30) consecutive trading days ending on the third business day prior to the mailing of notice of such redemption.
Assuming full exercise thereof, further proceeds to the Company from the exercise of the Warrant Shares is calculated as 2,173,750. The
Offering closed simultaneously with execution of the Purchase Agreement. Of the aggregate 3,700,000 of Notes, a total of 3,120,000 of
Notes were sold to officers or directors, along with 780,000 of the Warrants. 

Common Stock Sold for Cash 

 O n July 2, 2021, the
Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with multiple accredited investors to sell and issue to the purchasers, thereunder, an
aggregate of 714,701 shares of the Company s common stock at a price of 4.25 per Share. Proceeds to the Company from the sale of
the Shares were 3,037,511, of which 2,472,136 was received on June 30, 2021, and the other 565,375 was received in July 9, 2021.
The shares were all issued on July 9, 2021. A total of 407,204 of these shares, or proceeds of 1,730,621 were purchased by officers
and directors, including 347,057 shares, or 1,474,996, received on June 30, 2021. 

On February 5, 2021, the Company entered into
a Stock Purchase Agreement with multiple accredited investors to sell and issue to the purchasers an aggregate 631,250 shares of the Company s
common stock at a price of 4.00 per share for total proceeds of 2,525,000. A total of 225,000 of these shares, or proceeds of 900,000
were purchased by officers and directors. 

Common Stock Issued to Officers for Services,
Common Stock Payable 

 On December 31, 2021,
the Company awarded 5,541 and 6,044 shares of common stock to Claudia and Ira Goldfarb , respectively, for services earned during
December 31, 2021. The aggregate fair value of the shares was 12,467 and 13,599 for Claudia and
Ira, respectively, based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant . The shares were subsequently
issued on March 25, 2022, in satisfaction of the outstanding common stock payable. 

35 

Common Stock Issued to Officers for Services 

 On various
dates between January 31, 2021 and December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate 60,951 and 66,484 shares in
monthly increments of 5,541 and 6,044 shares to Claudia and Ira Goldfarb , respectively ,
for their services. The aggregate fair value of the shares was 290,792 and 317,188 for Claudia and Ira, respectively, based on the closing
price of the Company s common stock on the dates of grant. 

On
January 7, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate 16,623 and 18,133 shares of common stock to Claudia and Ira Goldfarb ,
respectively, for services from October 2020 through December 31, 2020 in satisfaction of the outstanding common
stock payable at December 31, 2020. The aggregate fair value of the shares was 61,505 and 67,092 for Claudia and Ira, respectively,
based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant , was presented as Common Stock Payable
as of December 31, 2020 . 

Common Stock Issued to Directors for Services 

 On July 22, 2022, the
Company accepted Mr. Joseph Lahti s resignation from the Board of Directors and appointed Tim Creed as a member of the Board. Pursuant
to the Company s Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan, Mr. Creed received 6,410 shares of common stock as compensation. Pursuant
to the Company s 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2020 Equity Plan ), Mr. Creed was also granted options to purchase
24,151 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 3.90 per share. These options will vest 20 as of July 22,
2023 and 20 each anniversary thereafter until fully vested. 

On April 11, 2022, the
Company appointed Joe Mueller as a member of the Board of Directors and Audit Committee. Pursuant to the Company s Non-Employee
Director Compensation Plan, Mr. Mueller received 8,064 shares of common stock as compensation. Pursuant to the Company s 2020 Equity
Plan, Mr. Mueller was also granted options to purchase 24,151 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 3.10
per share. These options will vest 20 as of April 11, 2023 and 20 each anniversary thereafter until fully vested. 

On March 25, 2022, a newly appointed advisory
board member was granted options to purchase an aggregate 6,382 shares of the Company s common stock, having an exercise price of
 2.35 per share, exercisable over a 10-year term. The options will vest 20 on each anniversary over a five-year period, until fully vested.
The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of 406 and a call option value of 2.2584, was
 14,413. 

On December 8, 2021,
the Company issued an aggregate 41,665 shares of common stock amongst its five Directors for annual services to be rendered. The aggregate
fair value of the common stock was 125,000, based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The
shares were expensed upon issuance. 

On December 8, 2021,
the Company issued an additional 5 ,000 shares to Mr. Chris Ludeman, for Audit Committee Chair services. The
fair value of the common stock was 15,000, based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The shares
were expensed upon issuance. 

On May 25,
2021, the Company issued 2,000 shares to each of two advisory board members for their services. The total aggregate fair value of the
shares was 20,000, based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. 

On January
27, 2021, upon Benjamin Oehler s resignation, the Company appointed Chris Ludeman as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company,
and appointed him to the Company s Audit Committee as Chairperson. Pursuant to his appointment, Mr. Ludeman was issued 6,400 shares
of common stock for his services to be rendered. The aggregate fair value of the common stock was 40,000, based on the closing price
of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. 

36 

Options Granted for Services to Officers and
Directors 

 On May 25, 2021, two advisory board members were
granted options to purchase an aggregate 6,000 shares of the Company s common stock, having an exercise price of 5.00 per share,
exercisable over a 10-year term. The options will vest 60 on the third anniversary, and 20 each anniversary thereafter until fully vested.
The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of 191 and a call option value of 4.9272, was
 29,562. 

On January 27, 2021, one of our Directors, Mr.
Chris Ludeman, was granted options to purchase 24,151 shares of the Company s common stock, having an exercise price of 6.25 per
share, exercisable over a 10-year term. The options will vest in three equal annual installments beginning of January 27, 2022 and continuing
on each of the two anniversaries thereafter until fully vested. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a
volatility rate of 198 and a call option value of 6.1794, was 149,239. The options are being expensed over the vesting period, resulting
in 22,815 of stock-based compensation expense during the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, a total of 126,424
of unamortized expenses are expected to be expensed over the vesting period. 

On January 4, 2021, our CEO and Chairman, Claudia
and Ira Goldfarb, were each granted options to purchase 75,000 shares of the Company s common stock, having an exercise price of
 3.70 per share, exercisable over a 10-year term. The options will vest in three equal installments beginning of January 4, 2022 and continuing
on each of the two anniversaries thereafter until fully vested. The aggregate estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based
on a volatility rate of 198 and a call option value of 3.9412, was 591,178. The options are being expensed over the vesting period,
resulting in 194,900 of stock-based compensation expense during the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, a total of
 396,278 of unamortized expenses are expected to be expensed over the vesting period. 

Warrants Granted 

 On
December 31, 2021, the Company closed a private placement and concurrently entered into a Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement with related
parties to sell an aggregate 2,075,000 of promissory notes, bearing 8 interest, and warrants to purchase an aggregate 311,250 shares
of common stock, representing 15,000 warrant shares per 100,000 of promissory notes. The warrants are exercisable at a price of 2.21
per share over a ten-year term. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of 198 and
a call option value of 2.25, was 699,213. The warrants will be expensed as a debt discount over the life of the loans. The
officers, directors and related parties receiving grants and the amounts of such grants were as follows: 

Promissory 
 Stock Warrant 
 
 Name and Title at Time of Grant 
 Note 
 Shares Granted 
 
 Ira and Claudia Goldfarb, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 1,500,000 
 225,000 
 
 Brad Burke, Chief Financial Officer 
 25,000 
 3,750 
 
 Lyle Berman, Director 
 500,000 
 75,000 
 
 Cesar J. Gutierrez, brother of the Company s Chief Executive Officer 
 50,000 
 7,500 
 
 Total: 
 2,075,000 
 311,250 

In consideration for
four officers and director s willingness to serve as guarantors of the Cadence Loan, the Company issued warrants to each of the
Guarantors (the Guarantor Warrants for the purchase of the Company s common stock on March 12, 2020. The Guarantor
Warrants entitle each Guarantor to purchase 26,250 shares of the Company's common stock (the Warrant Shares at an exercise
price of 4.00 per share. The Guarantor Warrants expire on March 12, 2030. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing
Model, based on a volatility rate of 146 and a call option value of 3.59, was 377,440. The warrants were expensed as a debt discount
during the year ended December, 31, 2020. The officers and directors receiving grants and the amounts of such
grants were as follows: 

Stock Warrant 
 
 Name and Title at the Time of Grant 
 Shares Granted 
 
 Ken DeCubellis, former Chief Executive Officer and former Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 26,250 
 
 Bradley Berman, Director 
 26,250 
 
 Lyle Berman, Director 
 26,250 
 
 Benjamin Oehler, former Director 
 26,250 
 
 Total: 
 105,000 

37 

Lease Agreement 

 Upon closing of the Asset Purchase Agreement,
the Company assumed the Seller s obligations under a real property lease for its 20,945 square foot facility in Irving, Texas, under
which an entity owned entirely by Ira Goldfarb is the landlord. The lease term is through September 15, 2025, with two five-year options
to extend, at a monthly lease term of 10,036, with approximately a 3 annual escalation of lease payments commencing September 15, 2021. 

Review and Approval of Transactions with Related
Persons 

The Audit Committee has adopted
a related party transaction policy whereby any proposed transaction between the Company and any officer or director, any stockholder owning
in excess of 5 of the Company s stock, immediate family member of an officer or director, or an entity that is substantially owned
or controlled by one of these individuals, must be approved by a majority of the disinterested members of the Audit Committee. The only
exceptions to this policy are for transactions that are available to all employees of the Company generally or involve less than 25,000.
If the proposed transaction involves executive or director compensation, it must be approved by the Compensation Committee. Similarly,
if a significant opportunity is presented to any of the Company s officers or directors, such officer or director must first present
the opportunity to the Board for consideration. 

At each meeting of the Audit
Committee, the Audit Committee meets with the Company's management to discuss any proposed related party transactions. A majority of disinterested
members of the Audit Committee must approve a transaction for the Company to enter into it. If approved, management will update the Audit
Committee with any material changes to the approved transaction at its regularly scheduled meetings. 

Director Independence 

Our Common Stock is currently
quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. As such, we are not currently subject to corporate governance standards of listed companies, which require,
among other things, that the majority of the board of directors be independent. We are not currently subject to corporate governance standards
defining the independence of our directors, and we have chosen to define an independent director in accordance with the
NASDAQ Global Market s requirements for independent directors. Our Board of Directors has determined that each of our directors,
other than Ira and Claudia Goldfarb, is independent in accordance with the NASDAQ Global Market s requirements. Thus,
a majority of the current Board of Directors is independent. 

Our Board of Directors will
review at least annually the independence of each director. During these reviews, our Board of Directors will consider transactions and
relationships between each director (and his or her immediate family and affiliates) and us and our management to determine whether any
such transactions or relationships are inconsistent with a determination that the director was independent. The Board of Directors will
conduct its annual review of director independence and to determine if any transactions or relationships exist that would disqualify any
of the individuals who then served as a director under the rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market, or require disclosure under SEC rules. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

M K CPAS, PLLC M K was the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and
has served the Company as its independent registered public accounting firm since our inception. 

38 

Audit and Non-Audit Fees 

The following table presents
fees for professional services rendered by M K for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 53,248 
 48,265 
 
 Audit related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Total 
 53,248 
 48,265 

_________________________________ 

(1) 
 Audit fees were principally for audit services and work performed in the preparation and review of the Company s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. 

Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit
and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Audit Committee is responsible
for appointing, setting compensation for, and overseeing the work of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm.
The Audit Committee has established a policy regarding pre-approval of all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent
registered public accounting firm, and all such services were approved by the Audit Committee in the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021. 

The Audit Committee assesses
requests for services by the independent registered public accounting firm using several factors. The Audit Committee will consider whether
such services are consistent with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board s and SEC s rules on auditor independence.
In addition, the Audit Committee will determine whether the independent registered public accounting firm is best positioned to provide
the most effective and efficient service based upon the members familiarity with the Company s business, people, culture,
accounting systems, risk profile and whether the service might enhance the Company s ability to manage or control risk or improve
audit quality. 

Report of the Audit Committee 

The primary purpose of the
Audit Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in its general oversight of the Company s financial reporting process. The Audit
Committee s function is more fully described in its charter, which can be found on the Company s website at www.sowginc.com.
The Committee reviews the charter on an annual basis. The Board of Directors has determined that each member of the Committee is independent
in accordance with the NASDAQ Global Market s requirements for independent directors. The Board of Directors has also determined
that Chris Ludeman qualifies as an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K.
Management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements and reporting process. The independent registered public accounting
firm is responsible for auditing those financial statements and expressing an opinion on the fairness of the audited financial statements
based on the audit conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 

39 

In connection with the Audit Committee s
responsibilities set forth in its charter, the Audit Committee has: 

Reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 with management and M K CPAS, PLLC, the Company s independent auditors; 

Discussed with M K CPAS, PLLC the matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB and the SEC; and 

Received the written disclosures and the letter from M K CPAS, PLLC required by the applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding M K CPAS, PLLC s communications with the audit committee concerning independence, and has discussed with M K CPAS, PLLC its independence. 

The Audit Committee also considered,
as it determined appropriate, tax matters and other areas of financial reporting and the audit process over which the Audit Committee
has oversight. 

Based on the Audit Committee s
review and discussions described above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited financial statements
be included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 for filing with the
SEC. 

THE AUDIT COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

Chris Ludeman, Chairman 
 
 Joe Mueller 
 
 Lyle Berman 

Bradley Berman 
 Tim Creed 

40 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibits 

Exhibit No 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 Distribution Agreement by and between Ante4, Inc. (now Voyager
 Oil Gas, Inc.) and Ante5, Inc. (now Sow Good Inc.), dated April 16, 2010 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commissioner by Voyager Oil Gas, Inc. on April 19, 2010) 

2.2 
 Certificate of Ownership and Merger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.3 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on April 3, 2012) 

2.3 
 Plan and Agreement of Merger by and between Black Ridge Oil Gas, Inc. and Black Ridge Oil Gas, Inc., dated December 10, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of
 the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on December 12, 2012) 

2.4 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between Sow Good Inc. and Black
 Ridge Oil Gas, Inc., dated January 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on January 22, 2021) 

3.1 
 Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1
 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on December 12, 2012) 

3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on February 21, 2020) 

3.3 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on December 12, 2012) 

3.4 
 Articles of Merger by and between Sow Good Inc. and Black Ridge Oil
 Gas, Inc., dated January 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 8-K filed with
 the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on January 22, 2021) 

4.1 
 Black Ridge Oil Gas, Inc. 2012 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Schedule 14C filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc.
 on March 26, 2012) 

4.2 
 Black Ridge Oil Gas Amendment of 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on September 27, 2012) 

4.3 
 Form of Stock Incentive Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on September 27, 2012) 

41 

4.4 
 2016 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 99.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on December 14, 2016) 

4.5 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 99.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on December 14, 2016) 

4.6 
 2018 Stock Management Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on March 6, 2018) 

4.7 
 Form of 2018 Management Incentive Award Agreement (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on March 6,
 2018) 

4.8 
 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex C of
 the DEF 14C filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on January 10, 2020) 

4.9 
 Amendment to 2020 Stock Incentive Plan,
 dated October 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 of the Form 10-K filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on March 31, 2021) 

4.10 
 Amendment to 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, dated January 4, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 of the Form 10-K filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on March 31, 2021) 

4.11 
 Amendment to 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, dated March 19, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 of the Form 10-K filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on March 31, 2021) 

4.12 
 Form of 2020 Incentive Stock Option Grant Agreement (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on February
 26, 2020) 

4.13 
 Form of 2020 Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant Agreement (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on February
 26, 2020) 

4.14 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.14 of the Form 10-K filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on March 31, 2021) 

4.15 
 Form of Common Stock Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on January 4, 2022) 

4.16 
 Form of April 2022 Common Stock Warrant (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 4.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on April 14, 2022) 

42 

4.17 
 Form of August 2022 Common Stock Warrant (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 4.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on August 25, 2022) 

9.1 
 Form
 of Voting Agreement used in connection with our private placement which closed on December 16, 2010 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 9.1 of the Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good, Inc. on
 August 22, 2011) 

10.1 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement with Officers and Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission by Sow Good Inc. on March 28, 2013) 

10.2 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated June 9, 2020, between S-FDF, LLC and Black Ridge Oil Gas, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form SC 13D/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil Gas, Inc. on June 17, 2020) 

10.3 
 Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement dated October 1, 2020, between S-FDF, LLC and Black Ridge Oil Gas, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil Gas, Inc. on October 6, 2020) 

10.4 
 Promissory Note dated June 16, 2020, between the
 U.S. Small Business Administration and Black Ridge Oil Gas, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Form 10-Q
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil Gas, Inc. on August 11, 2020) 

10.5 
 Security Agreement dated June 16, 2020, between
 the U.S. Small Business Administration and Black Ridge Oil Gas, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Form
 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil Gas, Inc. on August 11, 2020) 

10.6 
 Loan Authorization Agreement dated June
 16, 2020, between the U.S. Small Business Administration and Black Ridge Oil Gas, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.9 of the Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil Gas, Inc. on August 11, 2020) 

10.7 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated February 5, 2021,
 by and among the Company and the Purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on February 5, 2021) 

10.8 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated October 1, 2020, between Claudia Goldfarb and Sow Good Inc . (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of the Form 10-K filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on March 31, 2021) 

10.9 
 Employment Agreement, dated October 1, 2020,
 between Ira Goldfarb and Sow Good Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Form 10-K filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on March 31, 2021) 

10.10 
 Amended Employment Agreement, dated January 4,
 2021, between Claudia Goldfarb and Sow Good Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of the Form 10-K filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on March 31, 2021) 

10.11 
 Amended Employment Agreement, dated January 4,
 2021, between Ira Goldfarb and Sow Good Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of the Form 10-K filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on March 31, 2021) 

43 

10.12 
 Separation Agreement and Release, dated May 3, 2022, between Brad Burke
and Sow Good Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by
Sow Good Inc. on May 3, 2022) 

10.13 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated July 2, 2021, by and among the Company and the Purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on July 7, 2021) 

10.14 
 Form of Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on January 4, 2022) 

10.15 
 Form of 2021 Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on January 4, 2022) 

10.16 
 Form of Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated April 8, 2022, by and among Sow Good Inc. and the Purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on April 14, 2022) 

10.17 
 Form of April 2022 Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on April 14, 2022) 

10.18 
 First Amendment to April 2022 Promissory Note, dated August 23, 2022, by and among Sow Good Inc. and the Required Note Holders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on August 25, 2022) 

10.19 
 Form of Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated August 23, 2022, by and among Sow Good Inc. and the Purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on August 25, 2022) 

10.20 
 Form of August 2022 Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Sow Good Inc. on August 25, 2022) 

24.1 
 Power of Attorney (including on signature pages) 

31.1 
 Certification of
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or
 15d-14(a) 

32.1 
 Certification of
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18
 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101 
 Interactive Data Files 

Filed herewith. 

ITEM 16. Form 10 K Summary. 

None. 

44 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: April 14, 2023 
 SOW GOOD INC. 

By: / s/ Claudia Goldfarb 

Claudia Goldfarb, Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

45 

Exhibit 24.1 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

Each of the undersigned members
of the Board of Directors of SOW GOOD INC., whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Claudia Goldfarb, such person s
true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution and resubstitution for such person and in such name, place
and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report of
SOW GOOD INC. and any or all amendments to such Annual Report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in
connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority
to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and
purposes as such person might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his
substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the
following persons in the capacities indicated on the dates indicated. 

By: /s/
Claudia Goldfarb 
 Dated:
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Claudia Goldfarb, Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: /s/ Ira Goldfarb 
 Dated: April 14, 2023 
 
 Ira Goldfarb, Executive Chairman 

By: /s/ Bradley Berman 
 Dated: April 14, 2023 
 
 Bradley Berman, Director 

By: /s/ Lyle Berman 
 Dated: April 14, 2023 
 
 Lyle Berman, Director 

By: /s/
 Joe Mueller 
 Dated: April 14, 2023 
 
 Joe Mueller, Director 

By: /s/ Chris Ludeman 
 Dated: April 14, 2023 
 
 Chris Ludeman, Director 

By: /s/
 Tim Creed 
 Dated: April 14, 2023 
 
 Tim Creed, Director 

46 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 sowgood_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Claudia Goldfarb, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SOW GOOD INC.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

5. I have disclosed, based on Sow Good s most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (of persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: April 14, 2023 

By: /s/ Claudia Goldfarb 

 Claudia Goldfarb, Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief
Financial Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 sowgood_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of SOW GOOD INC. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 (the Report ),
I, Claudia Goldfarb, Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: April 14, 2023 

By: /s/ Claudia Goldfarb 

 Claudia Goldfarb, Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial
Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer and Principal
Financial Officer) 

This certification accompanies
the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 sowg-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 sowg-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 sowg-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 sowg-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

