<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230502_10-K_edgar_data_1460702_0001493152-23-015184.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15284506</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>481970</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5529930</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4009783</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2323645</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2595759</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-015184.hdr.sgml : 20230502
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230502162602
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-015184
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		118
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230502
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230502

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001460702
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				263474527
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37428
		FILM NUMBER:		23879475

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2042 CORTE DEL NOGAL
		STREET 2:		CARLSBAD
		CITY:			CALIFORNIA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92011
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(760) 918-9165

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2042 CORTE DEL NOGAL
		STREET 2:		CARLSBAD
		CITY:			CALIFORNIA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92011

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RITTER PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090402

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-015184.txt : 20230502

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of Exchange on Which Registered 

The
 Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b).

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

As
of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately 
based on the closing price for the common stock of 5.70 on that date. Shares of common stock held by the registrant s executive
officers and directors have been excluded from this calculation, as such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the registrant. This
determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

As
of April 11, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page
 Number 
 
 Part I 

Item
 1 
 Business 
 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 
 13 
 
 Item
 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 27 
 
 Item
 2 
 Properties 
 
 27 
 
 Item
 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 27 
 
 Item
 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 27 
 
 Part II 

Item
 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 28 
 
 Item
 6 
 [Reserved] 
 
 28 
 
 Item
 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 28 
 
 Item
 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 
 37 
 
 Item
 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 38 
 
 Item
 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 71 
 
 Item
 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 71 
 
 Item
 9B 
 Other Information 
 
 71 
 
 Item
 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 71 
 
 Part III 

Item
 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 72 
 
 Item
 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 75 
 
 Item
 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 83 
 
 Item
 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 85 
 
 Item
 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 85 
 
 Part IV 

Item
 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 87 
 
 Item
 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 90 

Signatures 
 
 91 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report contains forward-looking statements by Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. that involve
risks and uncertainties and reflect our judgment as of the date of this Report. These statements generally relate to future events or
our future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words
such as may, will, should, expects, plans, anticipates, 
 could, intends, target, or continue or the negative of these words or other similar
terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans or intentions. Such forward-looking statements may relate to, among
other things, potential future development, testing and launch of products and product candidates. Actual events or results may differ
from our expectations due to a number of factors. 

These
forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 

our
 ability to successfully develop any drugs or therapeutic devices; 

our
 ability to progress our drug candidates or therapeutic devices through preclinical and clinical
 development; 

our
 ability to obtain the requisite regulatory approvals for our clinical trials and to begin
 and complete such trials according to any projected timeline; 

our
 ability to complete enrollment in our clinical trials as contemplated by any projected timeline; 

the
 likelihood that future clinical trial data will be favorable or that such trials will confirm
 any improvements over other products or lack negative impacts; 

our
 ability to successfully commercialize any drugs or therapeutic devices; 

our
 ability to procure or earn sufficient working capital to complete the development, testing
 and launch of our prospective therapeutic products; 

the
 likelihood that patents will issue on our owned and in-licensed patent applications; 

our
 ability to protect our intellectual property; 

our
 ability to compete; 

our
 ability to maintain or expand market demand and/or market share for our diagnostic products; 

our
 ability to maintain our diagnostic sales and marketing engine without interruption once our
 distribution agreement with Sekisui expires. 

By
their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events, competitive dynamics, and healthcare,
regulatory and scientific developments and depend on the economic circumstances that may or may not occur in the future or may occur
on longer or shorter timelines than anticipated. In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should
not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each
forward-looking statement contained in this Annual Report, we caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future
performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which
we operate may differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report. In addition, even if our results
of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which we operate, are consistent in some future
periods with the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report, they may not be predictive of results or developments in
other future periods. Any forward-looking statement that we make in this Annual Report speaks only as of the date of this Annual Report,
and we disclaim any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements beyond the date of this Annual Report, except as
required by law. This caution is made under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

Future
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), future press releases and future oral or written statements
made by us or with our approval, which are not statements of historical fact, may also contain forward-looking statements. Because such
statements include risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, actual results may differ materially from those expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we
undertake no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they
are made. 

3 

PART
I 

As
used in this Annual Report, unless the context suggests otherwise, we, us, our, the
Company or Qualigen refer to Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

We
are a diversified life sciences company focused on developing treatments for adult and pediatric cancers with potential for Orphan Drug
designation, while also commercializing diagnostics. 

Our
cancer therapeutics pipeline includes QN-302, RAS (formerly RAS-F) and QN-247. 

Our
lead oncology therapeutics program, QN-302, is an investigational small molecule G-quadruplexes (G4)-selective transcription
inhibitor with strong binding affinity to G4s prevalent in cancer cells. Such binding could, by stabilizing the G4s against DNA
 unwinding, help inhibit cancer cell proliferation. QN-302 is currently undergoing Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) toxicology
studies. 

Our
RAS portfolio consists of a family of RAS oncogene protein-protein interaction inhibitor small molecules believed to inhibit or block
mutated RAS genes proteins from binding to their effector proteins. Preventing this binding could stop tumor growth, especially
in RAS-driven tumors such as pancreatic, colorectal and lung cancers. 

Our
investigational QN-247 compound binds nucleolin, a key multi-functional regulatory phosphoprotein that is overexpressed in cancer cells.
Such binding could inhibit the cancer cells proliferation. The foundational aptamer of QN-247 is QN-165 (formerly referred to
as AS1411), which the Company has deprioritized as a drug candidate for treating COVID-19 and other viral-based infectious diseases. 

In
addition to our oncology drug pipeline, we have an established diagnostics business. 

Our
revenue driver is our FastPack proprietary blood-based diagnostics platform which includes diagnostic instruments and test kits that
are sold commercially primarily in the United States, as well as certain European countries. The FastPack System menu includes a rapid,
highly accurate immunoassay diagnostic testing system for cancer, men s health, hormone function, and vitamin D status. We provide
analyzers to our customers (physician offices, clinics and small hospitals) at low cost in order to increase sales volumes of higher-margin
test kits. 

On
May 26, 2022, we acquired a 52.8 interest in NanoSynex, Ltd. NanoSynex ). NanoSynex is a micro-biologics diagnostic company
domiciled in Israel. NanoSynex s technology is an Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing (AST) that aims to enable better targeting
of antibiotics for their most suitable uses to ultimately result in faster and more efficacious treatment, hence reducing hospitals mortality
and morbidity rates. See Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
for additional details. 

Completion
of Reverse Recapitalization Transaction with Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

On
May 22, 2020, we completed a reverse recapitalization transaction with Qualigen, Inc. (not to be confused with the Company);
pursuant to which our merger subsidiary merged with and into Qualigen, Inc. with Qualigen, Inc. surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company. The Company, which had previously been known as Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc., was renamed Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc.,
and the former stockholders of Qualigen, Inc. acquired, via the recapitalization, a substantial majority of the shares of the Company.
Ritter/Qualigen Therapeutics common stock, which was previously traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol RTTR, 
commenced trading on Nasdaq, on a post-reverse-stock-split adjusted basis, under the ticker symbol QLGN on May 26, 2020.
We are no longer pursuing the gastrointestinal disease treatment business on which Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc. had focused before the
reverse recapitalization transaction. 

4 

Cancer
Drug Pipeline and Diagnostic Products 

Therapeutics
Pipeline 

Our
lead drug compound QN-302 (formerly SOP1812) is being developed to target regulatory regions of cancer genes that down-regulate gene
expression in multiple cancer pathways for potential treatment of G4-targeted tumors e.g. , pancreatic cancer). The investigational
compounds within our RAS portfolio are designed to suppress the interaction of endogenous RAS with c-RAF, upstream of the KRAS, HRAS
and NRAS effector pathways. Our anticancer drug candidate, QN-247 (formerly referred to as ALAN or AS1411-GNP) is aptamer-based and currently
in development to treat a variety of cancer types, including liquid and solid tumors. 

Our
deprioritized programs (and thus not featured in the chart above) include QN-165 (formerly referred to as AS1411), a drug candidate for
the potential broad-spectrum treatment of infectious diseases such as COVID-19, and our Selective Target Antigen Removal System (STARS),
a therapeutic device product concept, currently in discovery stage, designed to remove circulating tumor cells, viruses, inflammation
factors and immune checkpoints. 

QN-302
(formerly referred to as SOP1812) 

We
exclusively in-licensed the global rights to the G4 selective transcription inhibitor platform from University College London UCL in January 2022. The licensed technology comprises lead compound QN-302 (formerly SOP1812) and back-up compounds
that target regulatory regions of cancer genes that down-regulate gene expression in multiple cancer pathways. Developed by Dr.
Stephen Neidle and his group at UCL, the G-Quadruplex (G4) binding concept is derived from over 30 years in nucleic acid research,
including research on G4s, which are higher order DNA and RNA structures formed by sequences containing guanine-rich repeats. G4s
are overrepresented in telomeres (a region of repetitive DNA sequences at the end of a chromosome) as well as promoter sequences and
untranslated regions of many oncogenes. Their prevalence is therefore significantly greater in cancer cells compared to normal human
cells. 

G4-selective
small molecules such as QN-302 and backup compounds target the regulatory regions of cancer genes, which have a high prevalence of enriched
G4s. Stable G4-QN-302 complexes can be impediments to replication, transcription or translation of those cancer genes containing G4s,
and the drugs binding to G4s are believed to stabilize the G4s against possible unwinding. G4 binders like QN-302
could be efficacious in a variety of cancer types with a high prevalence of G4s. 

Pancreatic
cancer is the tenth most common cancer and third deadliest cancer in the United States and has one of the lowest rates of survival of
all cancer types, with 91 of those diagnosed dying from the disease and one in four dying within the first month of diagnosis. The chemotherapy
drug Gemcitabine has been standard of care for patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer for more than 15 years. Numerous clinical trials
have tested new drugs, either alone or in combination, with Gemcitabine. We believe that QN-302 has the potential to demonstrate superior
efficacy and activity against pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma PDAC compared to existing agents, with a distinct mechanism
of action and promising preclinical target profile. 

In-vitro
 and in-vivo studies have shown that G4 stabilization by QN-302 resulted in inhibition of target gene expression and cessation
of cell growth in various cancers, including PDAC, which represents 98 of pancreatic cancers. In in-vitro studies, QN-302 was
potent in inhibiting the growth of several PDAC cell lines at low nanomolar concentrations. Similarly, in in-vivo studies, QN-302
showed a longer survival duration in a KPC genetic mouse model for pancreatic cancer than Gemcitabine has historically shown. Additional
preclinical in-vivo studies suggest activity in gemcitabine-resistant PDAC. Data further demonstrated that QN-302 had significant
anti-tumor activity in three patient-derived PDAC xenograft models. Early safety indicators suggest no significant adverse toxic effects at
proposed therapeutic doses in pancreatic cancer mouse in-vivo models. 

On
January 9, 2023, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA granted Orphan Drug Designation ODD to QN-302
for the indication of pancreatic cancer. ODD provides advantages to pharmaceutical companies that are developing investigational drugs
or biological products that show promise in treating rare diseases or conditions that affect fewer than 200,000 people in the United
States, including seven-year marketing exclusivity and eligibility to receive regulatory support and guidance from the FDA in the design
of an overall drug development plan. 

5 

There
are also economic advantages to receiving ODD, including a 25 federal tax credit for expenses incurred in conducting clinical research
on the orphan designated product within the United States. Tax credits may be applied to the prior year or applied to up to 20 years
of future taxes. ODD recipients may also have their Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) application fees waived, a potential savings
of around 3.2 million (as of fiscal year 2023) for applications requiring covered clinical data, and may qualify to compete for research
grants from the Office of Orphan Products Development that support clinical studies. 

RAS
(formerly RAS-F) 

In
July 2020, we entered into an exclusive worldwide license agreement with University of Louisville UofL for the intellectual
property covering the RAS family of pan RAS inhibitor small molecule drug candidates,
which are believed to work by blocking RAS mutations directly, thereby inhibiting tumor formation (especially in pancreatic, colorectal
and lung cancers). Pursuant to the license agreement, we in-licensed the RAS compound family of drug candidates and will
seek to identify and develop a lead drug candidate from the compound family and, upon commercialization, will pay UofL royalties in the
low-to-mid-single-digit percentages on net sales of RAS inhibitor licensed products. 

RAS
is the most common oncogene in human cancer. Activating mutations in one of the three human RAS gene isoforms (KRAS, HRAS or NRAS) are
present in about one-fourth to one-third of all cancers. For example, mutant KRAS is found in 98 of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinomas,
52 of colon cancers, and 32 of lung adenocarcinomas. For these three cancer types, cancers with mutant KRAS are diagnosed in more than
170,000 people each year in the United States and cause more than 120,000 deaths. Drugs that target signaling downstream of RAS are available; however, such drugs have shown disappointing clinical
durability because RAS is a hub that activates multiple effectors, so drugs that block a single pathway downstream may
not account for the many other activated pathways. 

In
March 2022 and October 2022, we signed amendments to our sponsored research agreement with UofL to extend our partnership. Under the
amended agreement, the collaboration extends until the third quarter of 2023 and commits additional resources to support ongoing discovery
and preclinical efforts for the RAS platform. 

QN-247
(formerly referred to as ALAN or AS1411-GNP) 

QN-247
is an oligonucleotide-based drug candidate that is designed to treat different types of nucleolin-expressing cancers, including liquid and solid tumors. QN-247
inhibits nucleolin, a key multi-functional regulatory phosphoprotein that is overexpressed in cancer cells, and may thereby be able to inhibit
the cells proliferation. QN-247 has shown promise in preclinical studies for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia AML ).
This novel technology may have several other potential applications, including enhancement of radiation therapy, enhancement of tumor
imaging, and delivery of other anti-cancer compounds directly to tumor cells. 

QN-247 is an enhanced version of QN-165 (which in turn was formerly referred
to as AS1411), where the DNA oligonucleotide aptamer is conjugated. A key component of QN-247, DNA oligonucleotide aptamer QN-165, has
been shown, primarily on a preclinical basis, to have the potential to target and destroy cancer cells. This component has been administered
in Phase 1 and Phase 2 clinical trials to over 100 AML or renal cell carcinoma cancer patients and appears to be well tolerated with no
evidence of severe adverse events in such trials, with at least seven patients appearing to have clinical responses. 

An in vivo efficacy study with
a triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) MDA-MB-231 xenograft mouse model was performed with 12 daily doses (1 mg/kg) of QN-247. This study
showed statistically significant reductions in mean tumor volumes for all QN-247 formulations compared to baseline and to vehicle control.
QN-247 formulations with higher oligonucleotide loading appeared to reduce tumor volumes more than lower oligonucleotide loading. No evidence
of adverse toxicity was observed. 

We
entered into a sponsored research agreement with UofL in August 2018 which was subsequently amended in October 2020, pursuant to which
UofL performed various animal studies to assess antitumor efficacy and safety of different QN-247 compositions. The sponsored research
agreement with UofL for QN-247 expired on August 31, 2022, and the license agreement with UofL for QN-247 was amended on January 9, 2023. 

6 

QN-165
(formerly referred to as AS1411) 

In
June 2020, we entered into an exclusive royalty-bearing license agreement with UofL for UofL s intellectual property for the use
of QN-165 as a drug candidate for the treatment of COVID-19. In September 2020 we and UofL jointly filed a U.S. provisional patent application,
entitled Methods of inhibiting or treating coronavirus infection, and methods for delivering an anti-nucleolin agent. The
application was filed in conjunction with Drs. Paula J. Bates and Kenneth E. Palmer from UofL, and covers methods for using QN-165 as
an antiviral drug candidate to prevent SARS-CoV-2 from entering the body through mucous membranes in the nose, mouth and eyes. As stated
in the patent application, we believe that QN-165 could be administered by means of inhalers, nose spray or eye drops to individuals
who have recently come in contact with SARS-CoV-2, or are at high risk of contracting the virus. 

We
believe that the mechanism by which QN-165 is believed to work, by blocking the ability of viruses to replicate in the body, may also
make the drug candidate effective against future mutations in COVID-19 as well as against other dangerous viruses including seasonal
influenza. Moreover, we believe that in addition to its proposed use as a therapeutic, QN-165 might be able to be used as a protective
defense or prophylaxis against COVID-19 and/or other viral-based diseases such as seasonal influenza. 

On
July 13, 2021, we submitted an Investigational New Drug IND application with the FDA seeking approval to commence Phase
1b/2a clinical studies of QN-165 in hospitalized COVID-19 patients. On August 11, 2021, the FDA informed us that additional preclinical
studies would be required for the IND application to be cleared to proceed into the clinic with QN-165. We then decided to allocate our
resources to focus on our oncology pipeline, and deprioritized the development of QN-165 program. Qualigen is seeking to out-license
QN-165 to a partner that has interest and expertise in antiviral development, such as dengue, influenza, RSV and other infectious diseases.
Due to its mechanism and in vivo potency, we believe that QN-165 could potentially be developed as a first-line treatment against emerging
viruses and biothreats. 

FastPack 

The
FastPack System is a patent-protected rapid, onsite immunoassay testing system consisting of the FastPack Analyzer and the FastPack test
pouch, a single-use, disposable, foil packet which includes the FastPack reagent chemistry. Since the initial conception of the system,
we have developed successive versions of the analyzer and test pouch, known as 1.0, IP and PRO ,
and have expanded our assay menu to nine tests, including tests for prostate cancer, thyroid function, metabolic disorders, and research
applications. We have sold FastPack products in the United States and overseas for over 20 years, and since inception, our sales of FastPack
products have exceeded 127 million. We manufacture the FastPack products at our FDA and International Standards Organization ISO certified Carlsbad, California facility. As of April 2022 most FastPack sales are distributed through various distribution partners in
North America as well as in Europe (primarily Axon Labs in Germany and Switzerland). We also sell direct to clinics and physician offices
located throughout North America. 

In
July 2020, we submitted an official notification to the FDA to commence sales in the United States of our FastPack SARS-CoV-2 IgG test
for COVID-19 antibodies, which was designed for use with our new FastPack PRO. The test was previously submitted to the FDA for Emergency
Use Authorization EUA ). In April 2021, we withdrew this EUA. During the nine months during which the EUA was with the
FDA, alternative tests and testing practices became widespread and we determined that there was no longer a viable business case for
scale-up of the test. 

Strategic
Partners 

In
January 2022, we entered into a royalty-bearing license agreement with UCL, with respect to intellectual property and know-how covering
lead and backup compounds for our G4 selective transcription inhibitor program, QN-302. 

We
are party to a royalty-bearing license agreement with UofL for the development of RAS and the QN-247 program. 

We
in-license patents from DIAsource ImmunoAssays S.A. and Future Diagnostics B.V., for reagents that are used in our FastPack Vitamin D
assay. 

Sales
Channels 

Prior
to April 2022, most of our FastPack sales were through our diagnostics distribution partner Sekisui Diagnostics, LLC Sekisui pursuant to a distribution agreement. The distribution agreement with Sekisui expired on March 31, 2022, at which time the activities
formerly provided by Sekisui reverted to us. As of April 2022, most of our FastPack sales are through various distribution partners in
North America, including McKesson Medical-Surgical, Henry Schein Medical, Medline Industries and National Distribution Contracting,
the largest distributors of physician office laboratory products in the United States. Outside of the United States, we sell the FastPack
product line through a network of distributors in Europe (primarily Axon Labs in Germany and Switzerland). We also continue to sell our
testosterone test kits directly to Low T Center, Inc. Low T ), the largest men s health group in the United States,
with 40 locations. Low T was acquired by SynergenX in September 2022. The combined company currently operates 64 locations. 

7 

Product
sales to McKesson accounted for 48 of our total revenues and product sales to Low T accounted for 26 of our total revenues during the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The remaining revenue was comprised of product sales and warranties to other distributors and direct
sales accounts. 

In
October 2020, we entered into an agreement with Yi Xin Zhen Duan Jishu (Suzhou) Ltd Yi Xin ), pursuant to which we granted
Yi Xin exclusive rights to manufacture and sell new generations of FastPack-based products as well as Yi Xin-manufactured versions of
our existing FastPack 1.0, IP and PRO product lines in China. We are entitled to receive royalties on any such sales. After May 1, 2022,
Yi Xin has the right to sell its new generations of FastPack-based diagnostic test systems throughout the world, other than to our then-current
FastPack customers; and on a worldwide basis, except in the United States, Yi Xin also has the right to sell Yi Xin-manufactured versions
of our existing FastPack 1.0, IP and PRO product lines. We are entitled to receive royalties on any of these sales. After March 31, 2022,
Yi Xin has the right to buy Qualigen FastPack 1.0, IP and PRO products from us at distributor prices for resale in the United States,
again excluding resales toward our then-current FastPack customers. 

Manufacturing 

We
develop, manufacture and assemble our diagnostic products at our approximately 23,000 square feet facility in Carlsbad, California. Our
laboratory and manufacturing practices are governed by a series of internally published Standard Operating Procedures, in accordance
with FDA and ISO guidelines. While we produce many of our own raw materials and sub-components for diagnostic products, we also purchase
certain materials from third-party suppliers such as Amcor, Enstrom, Gilson, Hi-Tech Products, Hamamatsu, Sigma Aldrich, Surmodics, 3M,
Thermo Fisher Scientific, and VWR International. 

We
do not have in-house manufacturing capability for our therapeutics product candidates. 

Research
and Development 

For
research and development of our drug candidates, we are leveraging the scientific and technical resources and laboratory facilities of
UofL and UCL, through technology licensing, sponsored research, and other consulting agreements, which are focused on aptamer technology
and applications. We would engage contract research organizations CROs for any clinical trials of our drug candidates.
We intend to focus our internal research and development on oversight of these organizations and continuing support of the FastPack diagnostic
line. 

Regulatory
Matters 

We
have obtained 17 FDA clearances/approvals and 28 CE Marks for our diagnostic products (FastPack analyzers, immunoassays, control kits,
calibration kits and verifications kits) to date. We have not obtained FDA or other regulatory approval for any drug candidate. 

Medical
Device Regulatory Clearances and Approvals 

The
medical devices that we manufacture and market are subject to regulation by numerous worldwide regulatory bodies, including the FDA and
comparable international regulatory agencies. These agencies require manufacturers of medical devices to comply with applicable laws
and regulations governing development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing and distribution. Medical devices are also generally
subject to varying levels of regulatory control based on the risk level of the device. 

In
the United States, unless an exemption applies, before we can commercially distribute medical devices, we must obtain, depending on the
type of device, either premarket notification clearance or premarket approval PMA from the FDA. The FDA classifies medical
devices into one of three classes. Devices deemed to pose lower risks are placed in either class I or II, which typically requires the
manufacturer to submit to the FDA a premarket notification requesting permission to commercially distribute the device. Some low-risk
devices are exempted from this requirement. Devices deemed by the FDA to pose the greatest risks, such as life-sustaining, life-supporting
or implantable devices, or devices deemed not substantially equivalent to a previously cleared device, are placed in class III, generally
requiring PMA. 

The
premarket notification process requires that a premarket notification (510(k)) be made to the FDA to demonstrate that a new device is
as safe and effective as, or substantially equivalent to, a legally marketed device (the predicate device). This process
is generally known as obtaining 510(k) clearance for a new device. Under this process, applicants must submit performance data to establish
substantial equivalence. In some instances, data from human clinical trials must also be submitted in support of a 510(k) premarket notification.
If so, these data must be collected in a manner that conforms to the applicable Investigational Device Exemption IDE regulations. The FDA must issue a decision finding substantial equivalence before commercial distribution can occur. Changes to cleared
devices that do not significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device can generally be made without additional 510(k) premarket
notifications; otherwise, a new 510(k) is required. 

8 

The
PMA approval process requires the submission of a PMA application to the FDA to demonstrate that the new device is safe and effective
for its intended use. This approval process applies to most Class III devices and generally requires clinical data to support the safety
and effectiveness of the device, obtained in adherence with IDE requirements. The FDA will approve the PMA application if it finds that
there is a reasonable assurance that the device is safe and effective for its intended purpose and that the proposed manufacturing is
in compliance with the Quality System Regulation QSR ). For novel technologies, the FDA may seek input from an advisory
panel of medical experts and seek their views on the safety, effectiveness and benefit-risk of the device. The PMA process is generally
more detailed, lengthier and more expensive than the 510(k) process. 

In
the European Union EU ), we are required to comply with the In-Vitro Diagnostic Regulation IVDR ), which
became effective May 2021, superseding existing Medical Device Directives. Medical devices that have a valid EC Certificate to the prior
Directives (issued before May 2021) can continue to be sold until May 2025 or until the EC Certificate expires, whichever comes first,
providing there are no significant changes to the design or intended use. The CE Mark, which is required to sell medical devices in the
EU is affixed following a Conformity Assessment and either approval from the appointed independent Notified Body or through self-certification
by the manufacturer. The selected pathway to CE marking is based on device risk classification. CE marking indicates conformity to the
applicable General Safety and Performance Requirements GSPRs for the IVDR. The IVDR changes multiple aspects of the regulatory
framework for CE marking, such as increased clinical evidence requirements, changes to labeling, and new requirements, including Unique
Device Identification UDI ), and many new post-market reporting obligations. IVDR also modifies and increases the compliance
requirements for the medical device industry and will continue to require significant investment to transition all products by May 2025.
The CE mark continues to be a prerequisite for successful registration in many other global geographies. 

We
are also required to comply with the regulations of every other country where we commercialize products before we can launch or maintain
new products on the market. 

The
FDA and other worldwide regulatory agencies and competent authorities actively monitor compliance to local laws and regulations through
review and inspection of design and manufacturing practices, record-keeping, reporting of adverse events, labeling and promotional practices.
The FDA can ban certain medical devices, detain or seize adulterated or misbranded medical devices, order recall or market withdrawal
of these devices and require notification of health professionals and others with regard to medical devices that present unreasonable
risks of substantial harm to the public health. The FDA may also enjoin and restrain a company for certain violations of the Food, Drug
and Cosmetic Act FDCA and the Safe Medical Devices Act, pertaining to medical devices, or initiate action for criminal
prosecution of such violations. Regulatory agencies and authorities in the countries where we do business can halt production in or distribution
within their respective country or otherwise take action in accordance with local laws and regulations. 

International
sales of medical devices manufactured in the United States that are not approved by the FDA for use in the United States, or that are
banned or deviate from lawful performance standards, are subject to FDA export requirements. Additionally, exported devices are subject
to the regulatory requirements of each country to which the device is exported. Some countries do not have medical device regulations,
but in most foreign countries, medical devices are regulated. Frequently, regulatory approval may first be obtained in a foreign country
prior to application in the United States due to differing regulatory requirements; however, other countries, require approval in the
country of origin first. Most countries outside of the United States require that product approvals be recertified on a regular basis.
The recertification process requires the evaluation of any device changes and any new regulations or standards relevant to the device
and, where needed, conduct appropriate testing to document continued compliance. Where recertification applications are required, they
must be approved in order to continue selling our products in those countries. 

Medical
Device Quality Assurance 

We
are committed to providing high quality products to our customers and the patients they serve. Our quality system starts with the initial
product specification and continues through the design of the product, component specification process and the manufacturing, sale and
servicing of the product. Our quality system is intended to build in quality and process control and to utilize continuous improvement
concepts throughout the product life. Our quality system is also designed to enable us to satisfy various international quality system
regulations, including those of the FDA with respect to products sold in the United States. All of our medical device manufacturing facilities
and distribution centers are certified under the ISO 13485 quality system standard, established by the ISO for medical devices, which
includes requirements for an implemented quality system that applies to component quality, supplier control, product design and manufacturing
operations. This certification can be obtained only after a complete audit of a company s quality system by an independent outside
auditor, and maintenance of the certification requires that these facilities undergo periodic re-examination. 

United
States FDA Drug Approval Process 

The
research, development, testing, and manufacture of product candidates are extensively regulated by governmental authorities in the United
States and other countries. In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the FDCA and its implementing regulations. 

9 

The
steps required to be completed before a drug may be marketed in the United States include, among others: 

preclinical
 laboratory tests, animal studies, and formulation studies, all performed in accordance with
 the FDA s Good Laboratory Practice GLP regulations; 

submission
 to the FDA of an IND application for human clinical testing, which must become effective
 before human clinical trials may begin and for which progress reports must be submitted annually
 to the FDA; 

approval
 by an independent institutional review board IRB or Ethics Committee EC at each clinical trial site before each trial may be initiated; 

adequate
 and well-controlled human clinical trials, conducted in accordance with applicable IND regulations,
 Good Clinical Practices GCP ), and other clinical trial related regulations,
 to establish the safety and efficacy of the drug for each proposed indication to the FDA s
 satisfaction; 

submission
 to the FDA of a New Drug Application NDA and payment of user fees for FDA
 review of the NDA (unless a fee waiver applies); 

satisfactory
 completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of one or more clinical trial site(s) at which
 the drug was studied in a clinical trial(s) and/or of us as a clinical trial sponsor to assess
 compliance with GCP regulations; 

satisfactory
 completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities
 at which the drug is produced to assess compliance with current GMPs regulations; 

agreement
 with the FDA on the final labeling for the product and the design and implementation of any
 required Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy REMS and 

FDA
 review and approval of the NDA, including satisfactory completion of an FDA advisory committee
 review, if applicable, based on a determination that the drug is safe and effective for the
 proposed indication(s). 

Preclinical
tests include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, toxicity, and formulation, as well as animal studies. The conduct of the preclinical
tests and formulation of the compounds for testing must comply with federal regulations and requirements, including GLP regulations.
The results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information and analytical data, are submitted to the FDA as part of
an IND application, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin. An IND application will automatically become
effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless before that time the FDA raises concerns or questions about issues such as the conduct
of the trials as outlined in the IND application, and places the clinical trial(s) on a clinical hold. In such a case, the IND application
sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding FDA concerns or questions before clinical trials can proceed. We cannot be certain that
submission of an IND application will result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to begin. 

10 

Clinical
trials necessary for product approval are typically conducted in three sequential phases, but the Phases may overlap or be combined.
The study protocol and informed consent information for study subjects in clinical trials must also be approved by an IRB for each institution
where the trials will be conducted, and each IRB must monitor the study until completion. Study subjects must provide informed consent
and sign an informed consent form before participating in a clinical trial. Clinical testing also must satisfy the extensive GCP regulations
for, among other things, informed consent and privacy of individually identifiable information. 

Phase
 1 Phase 1 clinical trials involve initial introduction of the study drug in a limited
 population of healthy human volunteers or patients with the target disease or condition.
 These studies are typically designed to test the safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism
 and distribution of the study drug in humans, evaluate the side effects associated with increasing
 doses, and, if possible, to gain early evidence of effectiveness. 

Phase
 2 Phase 2 clinical trials typically involve administration of the study drug to a limited
 patient population with a specified disease or condition to evaluate the preliminary efficacy,
 optimal dosages and dosing schedule and to identify possible adverse side effects and safety
 risks. Multiple Phase 2 clinical trials may be conducted to obtain information prior to beginning
 larger and more expensive Phase 3 clinical trials. 

Phase
 3 Phase 3 clinical trials typically involve administration of the study drug to an
 expanded patient population to further evaluate dosage, to provide substantial evidence of
 clinical efficacy and to further test for safety, generally at multiple geographically dispersed
 clinical trial sites. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit
 ratio of the study drug and to provide an adequate basis for product approval. Generally,
 two adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials are required by the FDA for approval
 of an NDA. 

Post-approval
trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted after receiving initial marketing approval. These trials are
used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication and are commonly intended to
generate additional safety data regarding use of the product in a clinical setting. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance
of Phase 4 clinical trials as a condition of approval of an NDA or, in certain circumstances, post-approval. 

The
FDA has various programs, including fast track designation, breakthrough therapy designation, priority review and accelerated approval,
which are intended to expedite or simplify the process for the development, and the FDA s review of drugs e.g., approving
an NDA on the basis of surrogate endpoints subject to post-approval trials). Generally, drugs that may be eligible for one or more of
these programs are those intended to treat serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions, those with the potential to address unmet
medical needs for those disease or conditions, and/or those that provide a meaningful benefit over existing treatments. For example,
a sponsor may be granted FDA designation of a drug candidate as a breakthrough therapy if the drug candidate is intended,
alone or in combination with one or more other drugs, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and preliminary clinical
evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant
endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. If a drug is designated as breakthrough therapy,
the FDA will take actions to help expedite the development and review of such drug. Moreover, if a sponsor submits an NDA for a product
intended to treat certain rare pediatric or tropical diseases or for use as a medical countermeasure for a material threat, and that
meets other eligibility criteria, upon approval such sponsor may be granted a priority review voucher that can be used for a subsequent
NDA. From time to time, we anticipate applying for such programs where we believe we meet the applicable FDA criteria. A company cannot
be sure that any of its drugs will qualify for any of these programs, or even if a drug does qualify, that the review time will be reduced. 

The
results of the preclinical studies and of the clinical studies, together with other detailed information, including information on the
manufacture and composition of the drug, are submitted to the FDA in the form of an NDA requesting approval to market the product for
one or more proposed indications. The testing and approval process requires substantial time, effort and financial resources. Unless
the applicant qualifies for an exemption, the filing of an NDA typically must be accompanied by a substantial user fee 
payment to the FDA. To support marketing approval, the data submitted must be sufficient in quality and quantity to establish the safety
and efficacy of the product in the proposed patient population to the satisfaction of the FDA. After an NDA is accepted for filing, the
FDA substantively reviews the application and may deem it to be inadequate, and companies cannot be sure that any approval will be granted
on a timely basis, if at all. The FDA may also refer the application to an appropriate advisory committee, typically a panel of clinicians,
for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved, but is not bound by the recommendations
of the advisory committee. 

11 

Before
approving an NDA, the FDA usually will inspect the facility or the facilities at which the drug is manufactured and determine whether
the manufacturing and production and testing facilities are in compliance with cGMP regulations. The FDA also may audit the clinical
trial sponsor and one or more sites at which clinical trials have been conducted to determine compliance with GCPs and data integrity.
If the NDA and the manufacturing facilities are deemed acceptable by the FDA, it may issue an approval letter, and, if not, the Agency
may issue a Complete Response Letter CRL ). An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific
prescribing information for a specific indication(s). A CRL indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete and the application
is not ready for approval. A CRL may require additional clinical data and/or an additional pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial(s), and/or
other significant, expensive and time-consuming requirements related to clinical trials, preclinical studies or manufacturing. Even if
such additional information is submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide that the NDA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. The
FDA could also require, as a condition of NDA approval, post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the drug s safety or
efficacy or impose other conditions, or a REMS that may include both special labeling and controls, known as Elements to Assure Safe
Use, on the distribution, prescribing, dispensing and use of a drug product. Once issued, the FDA may withdraw product approval if, among
other things, ongoing regulatory requirements are not met, certain defects exist in the NDA, or safety or efficacy problems occur after
the product reaches the market. 

Intellectual
Property 

Information
regarding the issued patents and pending patent applications, as of December 31, 2022, is as follows: 

Subject
 Matter 
 
 Issued 
 
 Pending 
 
 Geographic
 Scope 
 
 Patent Term 
 
 Qualigen
 Patents and Trademarks 

FastPack
 1.0, IP, and PRO 
 
 2 
 
 0 
 
 U.S.,
 Japan 
 
 2024-2032 
 
 FastPack
 2.0 
 
 23 
 
 0 
 
 U.S.,
 Europe, China, Japan 
 
 2032-2042 
 
 STARS 
 
 9 
 
 6 
 
 U.S.,
 Europe, Canada, China, Japan, Korea 
 
 2030-2045 
 
 Qualigen
 Trademarks 
 
 13 
 
 9 
 
 U.S.,
 Europe, Canada, China, Japan, Korea 
 
 N/A 
 
 Qualigen
 + Gen-Probe (Joint) 
 
 24 
 
 0 
 
 U.S.,
 Austrialia, Canada, China, Japan 
 
 2028 
 
 Total
 Qualigen 
 
 71 
 
 15 

In-Licensed
 Patents 

FastPack
 1.0, IP, and PRO 
 
 1 
 
 0 
 
 Europe 
 
 2030 
 
 Univ
 College London (UCL) 

QN-302 
 
 2 
 
 11 
 
 U.S.,
 Europe, Australia, Canada, China, Hong Kong, India, Japan, Korea, Russia 
 
 2030-2040 
 
 Univ
 of Louisville (ULRF) 

RAS 
 
 0 
 
 12 
 
 U.S,
 Europe, Australia, Canada, China, Hong Kong, India, Israel, Japan, Korea, Mexico, Russia, South Africa 
 
 2039 
 
 QN-247 
 
 44 
 
 3 
 
 U.S.,
 Europe, Canada, China, Hong Kong, Japan 
 
 2032-2038 
 
 DiaSource 

Total
 In-Licensed 
 
 47 
 
 26 

TOTAL 
 
 118 
 
 41 

Anticipated
patent term 

Human
Capital Management 

As
of March 31, 2023, we had 38 employees, 31 of whom were full-time employees. None of our employees is represented by a labor union or
covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 

Employee
Engagement, Benefits Development. We recognize that attracting, motivating and retaining talent at all levels is vital to our
continued success. Our employees are a significant asset and we aim to create an equitable, inclusive and empowering environment in which
our employees can grow and advance their careers, with the overall goal of developing, retaining and expanding our workforce, as needed,
to support our current pipeline and future business goals. By focusing on employee retention and engagement, we also improve our ability
to support our business and operations, our pipeline, and also protect the long-term interests of our shareholders. We frequently benchmark
our compensation practices and benefits programs against those of comparable companies in our industry and in the geographic area where
we are located. In our efforts to recruit and retain a diverse and exceptional workforce, we provide our employees with competitive cash
compensation, opportunities to own equity, and an employee benefit program that promotes well-being, including healthcare, a 401(k) Plan,
and paid time-off. 

Diversity
 Inclusion . Our success also depends on our ability to attract, engage and retain a diverse group of employees. We value diversity
across our workforce and we will continue to focus on diversity and inclusion initiatives. With respect to our employees overall, approximately
fifty percent (50 are people of color and approximately forty-five percent (45 are women. We seek to have an inclusive and positive
culture that is centered on our shared corporate mission and values, and that is free from discrimination of any kind, including sexual
or other discriminatory harassment. Our employees have multiple avenues available through which inappropriate behavior can be reported.
All reports of inappropriate behavior are promptly investigated with appropriate action taken to stop such behavior. 

Additional
Information 

Ritter
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (our predecessor) was formed as a Nevada limited liability company on March 29, 2004 under the name Ritter Natural
Sciences, LLC. In September 2008, this company converted into a Delaware corporation under the name Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc. On May
22, 2020, upon completing the reverse recapitalization transaction with Qualigen, Inc., Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc. was
renamed Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. Qualisys Diagnostics, Inc. was formed as a Minnesota corporation in 1996, reincorporated to become
a Delaware corporation in 1999, and then changed its name to Qualigen, Inc. in 2000. Qualigen, Inc. is now a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company. 

Our
website address is www.qualigeninc.com . We post links to our website to the following filings as soon as reasonably practicable
after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC: annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current
reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, information statements, beneficial ownership reports and any amendments to those reports or statements
filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
All such filings are available through our website free of charge. However, the information contained on or accessed through our website
does not constitute part of this Annual Report, and references to our website address in this Annual Report are inactive textual references
only. All such reports are also available free of charge via EDGAR through the SEC website at www.sec.gov . 

12 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

An
investment in our common stock involves risks. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all of the other
information included in this Annual Report, as well as in our other filings with the SEC, in evaluating our business. If any of the following
risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, operating results and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected.
In that case, the trading price of our common stock may decline and you might lose all or part of your investment. The risks described
below, which are the risks we judge (rightly or wrongly) to be the most significant to investors, are not the only ones we face. Additional
risks that we currently do not judge to be among the most significant may also impair our business, financial condition,
operating results and prospects. 

Certain
statements below are forward-looking statements. For additional information, see the section of this Annual Report under the caption
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

Risks
Related to Our Business Generally 

Our
business strategy is high-risk 

We
are focusing our resources and efforts primarily on development of therapeutic product candidates, which requires extensive cash needs
for research and development activities. This is a high-risk strategy because there is no assurance that our products will ever become
commercially viable, that we will prevent other companies from depriving us of market share and profit margins by selling products based
on our inventions and developments, that we will successfully manage a company in a new area of business and on a different scale than
we have operated in the past, that our product candidates will be able to achieve the desired therapeutic results, or that our cash resources
will be adequate to develop our product candidates until we become profitable, if ever. This may make our stock an unsuitable investment
for many investors. 

We
do not currently have enough working capital to fully execute our strategic plan . 

We
have suffered recurring losses from operations, and we will need capital to support our intended development of our therapeutics business.
We believe that future financings will be necessary in order for us to properly execute our strategic plan. However, there can be no
assurance that such future financings will be available to us (or, if they are, that they can be consummated on desirable terms). 

We
may, in the short and long-term, seek to raise capital through the issuance of equity securities or through other financing sources.
To the extent that we seek to raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience significant
dilution. Any debt financing, if available, may include financial and other covenants that could restrict our use of the proceeds
from such financing or impose other business and financial restrictions on us. In addition, we may consider alternative approaches
such as licensing, joint venture, or partnership arrangements to provide long term capital. Additional funding may not be available
to us on acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, any future financing (depending on the terms and conditions) may be subject to
the approval of Alpha Capital Anstalt Alpha ), a related party and the holder of our 8 Senior Convertible Debenture
(the Debenture ), and/or trigger certain adjustments to the Debenture or warrants held by Alpha. See Part II, Item 7
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional
details regarding the Debenture. 

Servicing
our debt will require a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay this debt. 

Our
ability to make payments to Alpha of principal or interest on our indebtedness or to make any potential prepayments for the Debenture,
to the extent applicable, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond
our control. If the assumptions underlying our cash flow guidance are incorrect, our business may not continue to generate cash flow
from operations in the future sufficient to service our indebtedness and make necessary capital expenditures. 

Commencing
June 1, 2023 and continuing on the first day of each month thereafter until the earlier of (i) December 22, 2025 and (ii) the full redemption
of the Debenture (each such date, a Monthly Redemption Date ), we must redeem 110,000 plus accrued but unpaid interest,
liquidated damages and any amounts then owing under the Debenture (the Monthly Redemption Amount ). The Monthly Redemption
Amount must be paid in cash; provided that after the first two monthly redemptions, we may elect to pay all or a portion of a Monthly
Redemption Amount in shares of our common stock, based on a conversion price equal to the lesser of (i) the then applicable conversion
price of the Debenture and (ii) 85 of the average of the VWAPs (as defined in the Debenture) for the five consecutive trading days ending
on the trading day that is immediately prior to the applicable Monthly Redemption Date. We may also redeem some or all of the then outstanding
principal amount of the Debenture at any time for cash in an amount equal to 105 of the then outstanding principal amount of the Debenture
being redeemed plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and any amounts then owing under the Debenture. These monthly redemption
and optional redemptions are subject to the satisfaction of the Equity Conditions (as defined in the Debenture), which include a condition
that we have obtained stockholder approval for such share issuances. 

13 

The
Debenture accrues interest at the rate of 8 per annum, which begins accruing on December 1, 2023, and will be payable on a quarterly
basis. Interest may be paid in cash or shares of common stock or a combination thereof at our option; provided that interest may only
be paid in shares if the Equity Conditions have been satisfied, including the stockholder approval condition as described above. 

If
we are unable to obtain stockholder approval for the issuance of shares of common stock under the Debenture, we will required to make
any required payments to Alpha in cash. If we are unable to generate cash flow sufficient to service our indebtedness and make necessary
capital expenditures, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring debt or issuing additional
equity, equity-linked or debt instruments on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness
will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. If we are unable to engage in any of these activities or
engage in these activities on desirable terms, we may be unable to meet our debt obligations, which would materially and adversely impact
our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Risks
Related to Our Therapeutics and Diagnostics Pipeline 

Our
product candidates are still in the early stages of development. We have not begun clinical trials or obtained regulatory approval for
any drug candidate. We may never obtain approval for any of our drug candidates. 

We
are still early in our development efforts and have not yet begun enrollment in any clinical trials evaluating QN-302, RAS, or QN-247.
There can be no assurance that QN-302, RAS, and/or QN-247 will achieve success in their clinical trials or obtain regulatory approval. 

Our
ability to generate revenues from QN-302, RAS, and/or QN-247 will depend on the successful development and eventual commercialization
of such drug candidates. The success of these products will depend on several factors, including the following: 

successful
 completion of preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

acceptance
 of an IND application by the FDA or other clinical trial or similar applications from foreign
 regulatory authorities for our future clinical trials for our pipeline; 

timely
 and successful enrollment of patients in, and completion of, clinical trials with favorable
 results; 

demonstration
 of safety, efficacy and acceptable risk-benefit profiles of our products to the satisfaction
 of the FDA and foreign regulatory agencies; 

receipt
 and related terms of marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities, including
 the completion of any required post-marketing studies or trials; 

obtaining
 and maintaining patent, trade secret and other intellectual property protection and regulatory
 exclusivity for our products; 

developing
 and implementing marketing and reimbursement strategies; 

establishing
 sales, marketing and distribution capabilities and launching commercial sales of our products,
 if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others; 

acceptance
 of our drugs, if and when approved, by patients, the medical community and third-party payors; 

effectively
 competing with other therapies; 

obtaining
 and maintaining third-party payor coverage and adequate reimbursement; and 

maintaining
 a continued acceptable safety profile of the products following approval. 

Many
of these factors are beyond our control, and it is possible that none of our drug candidates will ever obtain regulatory approval even
if we expend substantial time and resources seeking such approval. If we do not achieve one or more of these factors in a timely manner
or at all, we could experience significant delays or an inability to successfully commercialize our drug candidates. For example, our
business could be harmed if results of the clinical trials of QN-302, RAS, QN-247, any other drug candidates vary adversely from our
expectations. 

14 

Drug
development involves a lengthy and expensive process. We may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately
be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of QN-302, RAS, and/or QN-247. 

Most
drug candidates fail, and taking a drug candidate from concept through clinical trials and regulatory approval is not easy or guaranteed.
We are unable to predict when or if our drug candidates, will prove effective or safe in humans or will obtain marketing approval. Before
obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of these products, we must complete preclinical development and
then conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of these products for humans. Clinical testing is expensive,
difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete and is uncertain as to the outcome. A failure of one or more clinical
trials can occur at any stage of testing. The outcome of preclinical testing and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the success
of later clinical trials, and interim or preliminary results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results. 

We
may experience numerous unforeseen events that could delay or prevent our ability to obtain marketing approval or commercialize our drug
candidates, including: 

regulators
 or IRBs or ECs may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or
 conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site; 

we
 may experience delays in reaching, or fail to reach, agreement on acceptable clinical trial
 contracts or clinical trial protocols with prospective trial sites; 

clinical
 trials for our drug candidates may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide,
 or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical trials, delay clinical trials
 or abandon product development programs; 

the
 number of patients required for clinical trials for our drug candidates may be larger than
 we anticipate, enrollment in these clinical trials may be slower than we anticipate, participants
 may drop out of these clinical trials at a higher rate than we anticipate or the duration
 of these clinical trials may be longer than we anticipate; 

competition
 for clinical trial participants from investigational and approved therapies may make it more
 difficult to enroll patients in our clinical trials; 

our
 third-party contractors may fail to meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely
 manner, or at all, or may fail to comply with regulatory requirements; 

we
 may have to suspend or terminate clinical trials for our drug candidates for various reasons,
 including a finding that the participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks; 

our
 drug candidates may have undesirable or unexpected side effects or other unexpected characteristics,
 causing us or our investigators, regulators or IRBs/ECs to suspend or terminate the trials; 

the
 cost of clinical trials for our drug candidates may be greater than we anticipate; and 

the
 supply or quality of our drug candidates, or other materials necessary to conduct clinical
 trials may be insufficient or inadequate and result in delays or suspension of our clinical
 trials. 

Our
product development costs will increase if we experience delays in preclinical studies or clinical trials or in obtaining marketing approvals.
We do not know whether any of our planned preclinical studies or clinical trials will begin on a timely basis or at all, will need to
be restructured or will be completed on schedule, or at all. For example, the FDA may place a partial or full clinical hold on any of
our clinical trials for a variety of reasons. 

Significant
preclinical or clinical trial delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our
drug candidates or allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do and impair our ability to successfully commercialize
our drug candidates. 

Any
delays in the commencement or completion, or termination or suspension, of our future clinical trials, if any, could result in increased
costs to us, delay or limit our ability to generate revenue and adversely affect our commercial prospects. 

Before
we can initiate clinical trials of a drug candidate, we must submit the results of preclinical studies to the FDA along with other information
as part of an IND or IDE application or similar regulatory filing, and the FDA (or corresponding foreign regulatory body) must approve
the application. We have not yet submitted our IND application for QN-302 for pancreatic cancer. While we expect to submit the IND application
during the first half of 2023, we cannot guarantee the timing for submitting the IND application for QN-302, and we do not know when
this IND application (or any other IND application) would be approved, if ever. 

15 

Before
obtaining marketing approval from the FDA for the sale of QN-302, RAS, QN-247, or any other future drug candidate, we must conduct extensive
clinical studies to demonstrate safety and efficacy. Clinical testing is expensive, time consuming and uncertain as to outcome. The FDA
may require us to conduct additional preclinical studies for any drug candidate before it allows us to initiate clinical trials under
any IND application, which may lead to additional delays and increase the costs of our preclinical development programs. 

Any
delays in the commencement or completion of our ongoing, planned or future clinical trials could significantly increase our costs, slow
down our development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues. We do not know
whether our planned trials will begin on time or at all, or be completed on schedule, if at all. The commencement and completion of clinical
trials can be delayed for a number of reasons, including delays related to: 

the
 FDA disagreeing as to the design or implementation of our clinical trials or with our recommended
 dose for any of our pipeline programs; 

obtaining
 FDA authorization to commence a trial or reaching a consensus with the FDA on trial design; 

obtaining
 approval from one or more IRBs/ECs; 

IRBs/ECs
 refusing to approve, suspending or terminating the trial at an investigational site, precluding
 enrollment of additional subjects, or withdrawing their approval of the trial; 

changes
 to clinical trial protocol; 

clinical
 sites deviating from trial protocol or dropping out of a trial; 

failing
 to manufacture or obtain sufficient quantities of drug candidate, or, if applicable, combination
 therapies for use in clinical trials; 

patients
 failing to enroll or remain in our trial at the rate we expect, or failing to return for
 post-treatment follow-up; 

patients
 choosing an alternative treatment, or participating in competing clinical trials; 

lack
 of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial; 

patients
 experiencing severe or unexpected drug-related adverse effects; 

occurrence
 of serious adverse events in trials of the same class of agents conducted by other companies; 

selecting
 or being required to use clinical end points that require prolonged periods of clinical observation
 or analysis of the resulting data; 

a
 facility manufacturing our drug candidates, or any of their components, including without
 limitation, our own facilities being ordered by the FDA to temporarily or permanently shut
 down due to violations of cGMP, regulations or other applicable requirements, or infections
 or cross-contaminations in the manufacturing process; 

lack
 of stability of our clinical trial material or any quality issues that arise with the clinical
 trial material; 

any
 changes to our manufacturing process that may be necessary or desired; 

Our,
 or our third-party contractors, not performing data collection or analysis in a timely or
 accurate manner or improperly disclosing data prematurely or otherwise in violation of a
 clinical trial protocol; or 

any
 third-party contractors becoming debarred or suspended or otherwise penalized by the FDA
 or other government or regulatory authorities for violations of regulatory requirements,
 in which case we may need to find a substitute contractor, and we may not be able to use
 some or all of the data produced by such contractors in support of our marketing applications. 

16 

We
could also encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us, by the IRBs/ECs of the institutions in which such trials
are being conducted, by a Data Safety Monitoring Board for such trial or by the FDA. Such authorities may impose such a suspension or
termination due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or
our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA resulting in the imposition of a clinical
hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using the product under investigation,
changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. In addition,
changes in regulatory requirements and policies may occur, and we may need to amend clinical trial protocols to comply with these changes.
Amendments may require us to resubmit our clinical trial protocols to IRBs/ECs for reexamination, which may impact the costs, timing
or successful completion of a clinical trial. 

If
we experience delays or difficulties enrolling patients in our ongoing or planned clinical trials, our receipt of necessary regulatory
approval could be delayed or prevented. 

We
may not be able to initiate or continue our ongoing or planned clinical trials for our products if we are unable to identify and enroll
a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in these trials as required by the FDA. In addition, some of our competitors
may have ongoing clinical trials for products that would treat the same patients as QN-302, RAS or QN-247, and patients who would otherwise
be eligible for our clinical trials may instead enroll in clinical trials of our competitors products. In addition, introduction
of new drugs or devices to the marketplace may have an effect on the number of patients available or timing of the availability of the
patients. 

Our
inability to enroll a sufficient number of patients for our clinical trials would result in significant delays or may require us to abandon
one or more clinical trials altogether. 

Adverse
side effects or other safety risks associated with QN-302, RAS, and/or QN-247 product candidates could delay or preclude approval, cause
us to suspend or discontinue any clinical trials or abandon further development, limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or
result in significant negative consequences following regulatory approval, if any. 

Results
of our planned clinical trials could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of side effects or unexpected characteristics.
Undesirable side effects caused by our products could result in the delay, suspension or termination of clinical trials by us or the
FDA for a number of reasons. 

Moreover,
if our products are associated with undesirable side effects in clinical trials or have characteristics that are unexpected, we may elect
to abandon or limit their development to more narrow uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable side effects or other characteristics
are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective, which may limit the commercial expectations for our
products, if approved. We may also be required to modify our study plans based on findings in our clinical trials. Many drug candidates
that initially showed promise in early stage testing have later been found to cause side effects that prevented further development.
In addition, regulatory authorities may draw different conclusions or require additional testing to confirm these determinations. 

It
is possible that as we test our drug candidates in larger, longer and more extensive clinical trials, including with different dosing
regimens, or as the use of our drug candidates becomes more widespread following any regulatory approval, illnesses, injuries, discomforts
and other adverse events that were observed in earlier trials, as well as conditions that did not occur or went undetected in previous
trials, will be reported by patients. 

The
development and commercialization of pharmaceutical and device products are subject to extensive regulation, and we may not obtain regulatory
approvals for QN-302, RAS, QN-247 or any other product candidates, on a timely basis or at all. 

The
clinical development, manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, advertising, promotion, export, import, marketing,
distribution, adverse event reporting, including the submission of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, and other
possible activities relating to QN-302, RAS and QN-247, as well as any other product candidate that we may develop in the future, are
subject to extensive regulation. 

Regulatory
approval of drugs in the United States requires the submission of an NDA to the FDA and we are not permitted to market any pharmaceutical
product candidate in the United States until we obtain approval from the FDA of the NDA for that product. An NDA must be supported by
extensive clinical and preclinical data, as well as extensive information regarding pharmacology, chemistry, manufacturing and controls. 

17 

FDA
approval of an NDA or PMA is not guaranteed, and the review and approval process is an expensive and uncertain process that may take
several years. The FDA also has substantial discretion in the approval process. The number and types of preclinical studies and clinical
trials that will be required for NDA or PMA approval varies depending on the product candidate, the disease or the condition that the
product candidate is designed to treat and the regulations applicable to any particular product candidate. Despite the time and expense
associated with preclinical studies and clinical trials, failure can occur at any stage. The results of preclinical and any clinical
trials of QN-302, RAS or QN-247 or any other future product candidate may not be predictive of the results of our later-stage clinical
trials. 

Clinical
trial failure may result from a multitude of factors including flaws in trial design, dose selection, placebo effect, patient enrollment
criteria and failure to demonstrate favorable safety or efficacy traits, and failure in clinical trials can occur at any stage. Companies
in the pharmaceutical and device industry frequently suffer setbacks in the advancement of clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or
adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. Based upon negative or inconclusive results, we may decide,
or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical trials or preclinical studies. In addition, data obtained from clinical
trials are susceptible to varying interpretations, and regulators may not interpret our data as favorably as we do, which may further
delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. 

Even
if we are able to commercialize any drug candidates, the products may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations, third-party
reimbursement practices or healthcare reform initiatives, which would harm our business. 

The
regulations that govern marketing approvals, pricing, coverage and reimbursement for new drug products vary widely from country to country.
Current and future legislation may significantly change the approval requirements in ways that could involve additional costs and cause
delays in obtaining approvals. Some countries require approval of the sale price of a drug before it can be marketed. In many countries,
the pricing review period begins after marketing or product licensing approval is granted. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval
in some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of our drug candidate to other
available therapies. In some foreign markets, prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control
even after initial approval is granted. As a result, we might obtain marketing approval for a drug candidate in a particular country,
but then be subject to price regulations that delay commercial launch of the product, possibly for lengthy time periods, and negatively
impact the revenues, if any, we are able to generate from the sale of the product in that country. Adverse pricing limitations may hinder
our ability to recoup our investment in one or more drug candidates, even if such drug candidates obtain regulatory approval. 

Our
ability to commercialize any drug candidates successfully also will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement
for these products and related treatments will be available from third-party payors, including government healthcare programs, private
health insurers and other organizations. Third-party payors decide which medications they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels.
A primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere has been cost containment. Third-party payors have attempted to control
costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring
that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products.
Coverage and reimbursement may not be available for any product that we commercialize and, even if these are available, the level of
reimbursement may not be satisfactory. Reimbursement may affect the demand for, or the price of, any drug candidate for which we obtain
regulatory approval. Obtaining and maintaining coverage and adequate reimbursement for our products may be difficult. We may be required
to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies to justify coverage and reimbursement or the level of reimbursement relative to other therapies.
If coverage and adequate reimbursement are not available or reimbursement is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to
successfully commercialize any drug candidate for which we obtain regulatory approval. 

There
may also be significant delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement for newly approved drugs, and coverage may be more limited than
the purposes for which the drug is approved by the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside of the United States. Moreover, eligibility
for coverage and reimbursement does not imply that a drug will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including
research, development, intellectual property, manufacture, sale and distribution expenses. Interim reimbursement levels for new drugs,
if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Reimbursement rates may vary according to
the use of the drug and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on reimbursement levels already set for lower cost drugs
and may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates
required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of
drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage
policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement policies, but also have their own methods and approval process apart
from Medicare determinations. 

We
expect that the Affordable Care Act, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may continue to result
in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that providers receive for any approved therapeutics
products of ours. This would adversely affect the prices we receive and could also adversely affect providers willingness to prescribe
our therapeutics products, if any. 

18 

We
may not be able to obtain or maintain orphan drug designation or exclusivity for our drug candidates. 

Regulatory
authorities in some jurisdictions, including the United States, may designate drugs for relatively small patient populations as orphan
drugs. Under the Orphan Drug Act of 1983, as amended, the FDA may designate a drug candidate as an orphan drug if it is intended
to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally defined as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United
States, or if the disease or condition affects more than 200,000 individuals in the United States and there is no reasonable expectation
that the cost of developing and making a drug product available in the United States for the type of disease or condition will be recovered
from sales of the product. 

Orphan
drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives, such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax
advantages and user-fee waivers. Additionally, if a product that has orphan designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval
for the disease or condition for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity. This means that the
FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same drug or biological product for the same indication for seven years, except
in certain circumstances, including proving clinical superiority i.e ., another product is safer, more effective or makes a major
contribution to patient care) to the product with orphan exclusivity. Competitors, however, may receive approval of different products
for the indication for which the orphan product has exclusivity, or obtain approval for the same product but for a different indication
than that for which the orphan product has exclusivity. In addition, exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be limited if
we seek approval for an indication broader than the orphan-designated indication or may be lost if the FDA later determines that the
request for designation was materially defective. 

We
have received orphan drug designation in the United States for QN-302 for
the indication of pancreatic cancer. Following having data that supports other rare cancer indications, we intend to seek orphan drug
designation in the United States for QN-302 for additional indications, and will also seek orphan drug designations for RAS for one or
more indications. Orphan drug status does not ensure that we will receive marketing exclusivity in a particular market, and there is no
assurance that any application for orphan drug designation will be granted. Orphan drug designation neither shortens the development time
or regulatory review time of a drug, nor gives the drug any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process. 

We
rely, and intend to continue to rely, on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials and perform some of our
research and preclinical studies. If these third parties do not satisfactorily carry out their contractual duties, fail to comply with
applicable regulatory requirements or do not meet expected deadlines, our development programs may be delayed or subject to increased
costs or we may be unable to obtain regulatory approval. 

We
are dependent on third parties to conduct our planned preclinical studies and clinical trials of QN-302, RAS and QN-247. The timing of
the initiation and completion of these trials will therefore be partially controlled by such third parties and may result in delays to
our development programs. We have relied heavily, and expect to continue to rely, on UofL for preclinical studies related to RAS, and
we expect to rely heavily on CROs and sponsored academic researchers for preclinical studies related to QN-302. As to any clinical trials,
we expect to rely on CROs, sponsored academic researchers, clinical investigators and consultants to play a significant role in the conduct
of these trials and the subsequent collection and analysis of data. However, we will not be able to control all aspects of their activities.
Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each clinical trial is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol and legal,
regulatory and scientific standards, including GCP, requirements, and our reliance on the CROs and other third parties does not relieve
us of our regulatory responsibilities. 

There
is no guarantee that any such CROs, clinical trial investigators or other third parties on which we rely will devote adequate time and
resources to our development activities or perform as contractually required. If any of these third parties fail to meet expected deadlines,
adhere to our clinical protocols or meet regulatory requirements, otherwise perform in a substandard manner, or terminate their engagements
with us, the timelines for our development programs may be extended or delayed or our development activities may be suspended or terminated.
If one of our clinical trial site terminates for any reason, we may experience the loss of follow-up information on subjects enrolled
in such clinical trial unless we are able to transfer those subjects to another qualified clinical trial site, which may be difficult
or impossible. 

If
these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or conduct clinical trials in accordance
with regulatory requirements or our stated protocols, we will not be able to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, regulatory approvals
for QN-302, RAS and/or QN-247 and will not be able to, or may be delayed in our efforts to, successfully commercialize our products. 

19 

Manufacturing
pharmaceutical products is complex and subject to product loss for a variety of reasons. We contract with third parties for the manufacture
of our product candidates for preclinical testing and clinical trials and expect to continue to do so for commercialization. This reliance
on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product candidates or such quantities at an acceptable
cost or quality, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 

We
rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the manufacture of our products for preclinical and any clinical testing,
as well as for commercial manufacture if any of our product candidates obtain regulatory approval. This reliance on third parties increases
the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product candidates or such quantities at an acceptable cost or quality, which
could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 

We
may be unable to establish any agreements with third-party manufacturers or to do so on favorable terms. Even if we are able to establish
agreements with third-party manufacturers, reliance on third-party manufacturers entails additional risks, including: 

reliance
 on the third-party for regulatory, compliance and quality assurance; 

operations
 of our third-party manufacturers or suppliers could be disrupted by conditions unrelated
 to our business or operations, including the bankruptcy of the manufacturer or supplier or
 the issuance of an FDA Form 483 notice or warning letter; 

the
 possible breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third-party; and 

the
 possible termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third-party at a time that is
 costly or inconvenient for us. 

We
do not have manufacturing agreements in place for any of our current drug candidates. We acquire many key materials on a purchase order
basis. As a result, we do not have long-term committed arrangements with respect to our product candidates and other materials. If we
obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, we will need to establish an agreement for commercial manufacture with
a third-party. 

Any
performance failure on the part of our existing or future manufacturers could delay clinical development or regulatory approval. We do
not currently have arrangements in place for redundant supply or a second source for bulk drug substance for QN-302, RAS or QN-247. 

We
may enter into collaborations with third parties for the development and commercialization of our products. If those collaborations are
not successful, we may not be able to capitalize on the market potential of these products. Even if they are successful, they may result
in a limitation of our upside potential. 

We
may in the future seek third-party collaborators for the development and commercialization of some of our products on a selected basis.
For example, we expect that we will require partners to continue the development of QN-247
 which is in early-stage development. 

Our
likely collaborators for any collaboration arrangements include large and mid-size pharmaceutical companies, regional and national pharmaceutical
companies and biotechnology companies. We face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators. Our ability to reach a definitive
agreement for a collaboration will depend, among other things, upon our assessment of the collaborator s resources and expertise,
the terms and conditions of the proposed collaboration and the proposed collaborator s evaluation of a number of factors. 

If
we do enter into any such arrangements with any third parties, we will likely have limited control over the amount and timing of resources
that such collaborators dedicate to the development or commercialization of our products. Our ability to generate revenues from these
arrangements will depend on our collaborators abilities and efforts to successfully perform the functions assigned to them in
these arrangements. 

Any
collaboration will necessarily result in a sharing of economics with the collaborator, which might otherwise have been captured by us
directly. 

20 

Even
if any of our product candidates receives regulatory approval, we may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians,
patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. 

If
any of our product candidates receives regulatory approval, we may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians,
patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community. For example, current cancer treatments, such as existing targeted therapies,
chemotherapy, and radiation therapy, are well established in the medical community, and doctors may continue to rely on these treatments.
If our product candidates do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may not generate significant product revenues and we may
not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of our product candidates, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number
of factors, including: 

the
 efficacy and potential advantages compared to alternative treatments; 

the
 prevalence and severity of any side effects, in particular compared to alternative treatments; 

limitations
 or warnings contained in the labeling approved for our product candidates by the FDA; 

the
 size of the target patient population; 

the
 willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe
 these therapies; 

our
 ability to offer our products for sale at competitive prices; 

the
 convenience and ease of administration compared to alternative treatments; 

the
 strength of marketing and distribution support; 

publicity
 for our product candidates and competing products and treatments; 

the
 existence of distribution and/or use restrictions, such as through a Risk Evaluation and
 Mitigation Strategy; 

the
 availability of third-party payor coverage and adequate reimbursement and the willingness
 of patients to pay for our products in the absence of such coverage and adequate reimbursement; 

the
 timing of any marketing approval in relation to other product approvals; 

support
 from patient advocacy groups; and 

any
 restrictions on the use of our products together with other medications. 

We
face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products before or more successfully
than we do. 

The
development and commercialization of pharmaceutical products is highly competitive. We face competition from major pharmaceutical companies,
specialty pharmaceutical and and biotechnology companies worldwide. There are a number of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies
that currently market and sell products or are pursuing the development of products for the treatment of the disease indications for
which we are developing our product candidates that may be effective in developing therapeutics. Some of these competitive products,
therapies are based on scientific approaches that are similar to our approach, and others are based on entirely different approaches.
Potential competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research organizations that
conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for research, development, manufacturing and commercialization. 

We
expect that our oncology drug product candidates will face competition from traditional small or large molecule drugs that target specific
cancers that are FDA-approved and marketed for the indications that we are pursuing, in addition to off-label use of current therapeutics
and therapeutics in development; and from other drugs using targeted approaches to direct payloads to cancerous tumors, as well as newer
approaches, such as immuno-oncology, which attempts to harness the patient s own immune system to fight cancer itself. 

21 

Many
of the companies against which we are competing or against which we may compete in the future have significantly greater financial resources
and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals
and marketing and selling approved products than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may
result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller and other early-stage companies may
also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These
third parties compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, management and sales and marketing personnel, establishing
clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary
for, our programs. 

Our
commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective,
have fewer or less severe side effects, are approved for broader indications or patient populations, are more convenient or are less
expensive than any products that we may develop. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other marketing approval for their products more
rapidly than any approval we may obtain, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able
to enter the market. In addition, our ability to compete may be affected in many cases by insurers or other third-party payors seeking
to encourage the use of generic products. The key competitive factors affecting the success of QN-302, RAS, QN-247 are likely to be efficacy,
safety, scope and limitations of marketing approval, and availability of reimbursement. 

We
maintain our cash at financial institutions, often in balances that exceed federally insured limits. 

We
maintain our cash at financial institutions, often in balances that exceed federally insured limits.We maintain the majority of our cash
and cash equivalents in accounts at banking institutions in the United States that we believe are of high quality. Cash held in these
accounts often exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance limits. If such banking institutions were
to fail, we could lose all or a portion of amounts held in excess of such insurance limitations. The FDIC recently took control of two
such banking institutions, Silicon Valley Bank SVB on March 10, 2023 and Signature Bank Signature Bank on March 12, 2023. While we did not have an account at either of these two banks, in the event of failure of any of the financial institutions
where we maintain our cash and cash equivalents, there can be no assurance that we would be able to access uninsured funds in a timely
manner or at all. Any inability to access or delay in accessing these funds could adversely affect our business and financial position. 

Risks
Related to Our Diagnostics Business 

We
may face challenges distributing our FastPack System. 

Our
distribution agreement with Sekisui for our FastPack System expired on March 31, 2022. We have and will continue to incur costs re-establishing
and maintaining a direct sales force, and we may also face logistical issues and relationship issues with customers during the transition
period. In addition, there is the risk that the direct sales force assembled and used by us will not be as efficient and effective as
Sekisui s distribution efforts. 

We
may provide inadequate training to our sales force and/or fail to increase our sales and marketing capabilities. 

We
rely on our direct sales force to sell our FastPack System in targeted geographic regions, territories and distribution channels, and
any failure to maintain our direct sales force could harm our business. The members of our direct sales force are specifically trained
to market and sell our FastPack System and they possess technical expertise, which we believe is critical in driving the awareness and
adoption of our product. The members of our sales force are at-will employees. The loss of these personnel to competitors, or otherwise,
could materially harm our business. If we are unable to retain our direct sales force personnel or replace them with individuals of comparable
expertise and qualifications, or if we are unable to successfully instill such expertise in replacement personnel, our product sales,
revenues and results of operations could be materially harmed. 

Identifying
and recruiting qualified sales and marketing professionals and training them on our FastPack System, on applicable federal and state
laws and regulations and on our internal policies and procedures requires significant time, expense and attention. It can take several
months or more before a sales representative is fully trained and productive. Our sales force may subject us to higher fixed costs than
those of companies with competing products that can utilize independent third parties, placing us at a competitive disadvantage. Our
business may be harmed if our efforts to expand and train our sales force do not generate a corresponding increase in product sales and
revenue, and our higher fixed costs may slow our ability to reduce costs in the face of a sudden decline in demand for our products.
Any failure to hire, develop and retain talented sales personnel, to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time
or timely reduce fixed costs, could have material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
diagnostic products face heavy competition. 

Our
FastPack System is a mature technology and faces heavy competition from manufacturers of more complex immunoassay systems designed primarily
for central laboratory use, but that also are sold to physician offices. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial,
technical, research and other resources and capabilities. We also face competition from companies that have developed or are developing
newer blood testing systems for use in physician offices. The FastPack system may not continue to be competitive in light of future technological
developments by others. 

22 

Our
diagnostic products are disadvantaged by reduced Medicare reimbursement and third-party payer pricing. 

As
noted above, a primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. Third-party payors have attempted to
control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medical devices, especially mature ones such as ours.
Decreases in Medicare and private-insurer reimbursement for diagnostic tests such as ours in recent years are a negative factor in our
attempts to maintain and grow our diagnostics business. This factor constrains the price that we can charge to providers for our diagnostic
products. Moreover, if adequate reimbursement is not available or reimbursement is available only to limited levels, some physician offices,
clinics and small hospitals may choose not to offer (or to discontinue offering) some or all of our diagnostic products. 

Yi
Xin may not meet expectations in its China/overseas FastPack business. 

Yi
Xin is a new and untested company and there is no assurance that its financial and other capabilities will enable it to succeed in commercializing
FastPack-based diagnostic products. We will receive royalties from Yi Xin if and only if Yi Xin achieves sales of FastPack-based diagnostic
products. 

Risks
Related to our Intellectual Property 

If
we are unable to obtain and maintain sufficient patent protection for our therapeutic product candidates and diagnostic technologies,
or if the scope of the patent protection is not sufficiently broad, third parties, including our competitors, could develop and commercialize
products similar or identical to ours, and our ability to commercialize our product candidates successfully may be adversely affected. 

Our
commercial success depends significantly on our ability to protect our proprietary (and exclusively in-licensed) product candidates or
technologies that we believe are important to our business, including pursuing, obtaining and maintaining patent protection in the United
States and other countries intended to cover the composition of matter of our product candidates, the methods of use, related technologies,
and other inventions that are important to our business. In addition to patent protection, we also rely on trade secrets to protect aspects
of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection. If we do not adequately pursue,
obtain, maintain, protect or enforce our intellectual property, third parties, including our competitors and/or collaborators, may be
able to erode or negate any competitive advantage we may have, which could harm our business and ability to achieve profitability. 

To
protect our proprietary position, we file patent applications in the United States and abroad related to our product candidates and technologies,
their methods of manufacture and use. The patent application and approval process is expensive, time-consuming and complex. We may not
be able to prepare, file, prosecute and maintain all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner
or in all jurisdictions. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output
before it is too late to obtain patent protection. Moreover, depending on the terms of any future license agreements to which we may
become a party, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing, and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain
or defend the patents, covering technology licensed from third parties. Therefore, these patents and patent applications may not be prosecuted
and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. 

We
cannot offer any assurances about which, if any, patents will issue, the breadth of any such patents, whether any issued patents will
be found invalid and unenforceable or will be threatened by third parties or whether any issued patents will effectively prevent others
from commercializing competing technologies and product candidates. We have not filed patent applications in every jurisdiction, and
some filings are only pending in the United States. 

Because
patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing, and some remain
so until issued, we cannot be certain that we were the first to file or invent (before March 16, 2013) the invention disclosed in any
patent application related to our product candidates or technology. 

Moreover,
because the issuance of a patent, although presumptive, is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability,
our patents or pending patent applications may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. Such challenges
may result in loss of exclusivity or in our patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, in whole or in part, which
could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical products and technologies or limit the duration
of the patent protection of our products and technologies. Such challenges also may result in substantial cost and require significant
time from our scientists and management, even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us. 

23 

Our
and our licensors pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued that protect our product candidates
and technologies, in whole or in part, or that effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive products and technologies.
Even if our patent applications issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent
competitors or other third parties from competing with us or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Our competitors and
other third parties may be able to circumvent our patents by developing similar or alternative products or technologies in a non-infringing
manner. Our competitors and other third parties may also seek approval to market their own products and technologies similar to or otherwise
competitive with our products and technologies. Alternatively, our competitors or other third parties may seek to market generic versions
of any approved products by submitting abbreviated NDAs to the FDA during which process they may claim that patents owned by us are invalid,
unenforceable or not infringed. In these circumstances, we may need to defend or assert our patents, or both, including by filing lawsuits
alleging patent infringement. In any of these types of proceedings, a court or other agency with jurisdiction may find our patents invalid
or unenforceable, or that our competitors are competing in a non-infringing manner. Thus, even if we have valid and enforceable patents,
these patents still may not provide protection against competing products or processes sufficient to achieve our business objectives. 

The
term of our patents may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our products. 

Given
the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of drug candidates, patents protecting such candidates
might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. In such an event (and if we are unable to obtain patent term
extension or the term of any such extension is less than we request), our competitors and other third parties may be able to obtain approval
of competing products following patent expiration and take advantage of our investment in development and clinical trials by referencing
our clinical and preclinical data and launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case. Generic competition usually results
in serious price erosion for the original drug brand. 

Risks
Related to Employee Matters, Managing Growth, Potential Dilution, Stock Price Variability and Other Risks Related to Our Business 

Our
future success depends on our ability to retain key employees and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 

We
are highly dependent on Michael Poirier, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, as well as other members of our management, scientific,
operations and corporate development teams. 

As
previously disclosed, in January 2023, as part of certain cost-cutting measures, we approved a temporary 20 reduction to the base salaries
of all executive officers of the Company, effective immediately. As part of these cost-cutting measures, we terminated the employment
of certain employees, including our former Chief Operating Officer and former Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer. These cost-cutting
measures could make us vulnerable to attrition among our current senior management team and other key employees, and may make it difficult
for us to hire additional senior managers and other key employees. 

Our
ability to compete depends upon our ability to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled and experienced personnel with scientific,
clinical, regulatory, manufacturing and management skills and experience. We may not be able to attract or retain qualified personnel
in the future. Many of the companies against which we compete have greater financial and other resources, different risk profiles and
a longer history in the industry than we do. Our competitors may provide higher compensation, more diverse opportunities and/or better
opportunities for career advancement. Any or all of these competing factors may limit our ability to continue to attract and retain high
quality personnel, which could negatively affect our ability to successfully develop and commercialize our product candidates and to
grow our business and operations as currently contemplated. 

We
expect that we will need to expand our development and regulatory capabilities as our product candidates progress through the clinic,
or additional product candidates are developed; if any products are approved, we would have to implement sales, marketing and distribution
capabilities, and as a result, we may encounter difficulties in managing growth, which could disrupt our operations. 

As
of March 31, 2023, we had 38 employees, 31 of whom were full-time employees. Although we outsource many drug development functions and
may choose to continue to do so in the future, we expect to experience growth in the number of employees and the scope of our operations,
particularly in the areas of clinical development, clinical operations, manufacturing, and regulatory affairs as we progress QN-302,
RAS and QN-247 through the clinic and develop additional product candidates. If any of our therapeutics product candidates receives regulatory
approval, we may need to expand into sales, marketing and distribution. To manage anticipated future growth, we must continue to implement
and improve our managerial, operational and financial systems, expand our facilities and continue to recruit and train additional qualified
personnel. We may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations or recruit and train additional qualified personnel.
The expansion of our operations may lead to significant costs and may divert management and business development resources. 

24 

We
currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, in substantial part, on certain third-party contract research organizations,
sponsored academic researchers, advisors and consultants to provide certain services, including assuming substantial responsibilities
for the conduct of our clinical trials and the manufacture of QN-302, RAS and QN-247 or any future product candidates. We cannot assure
that the services of such third-party contract research organizations, sponsored academic researchers, advisors and consultants will
continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or that we can find qualified replacements. In addition, if we are unable
to effectively manage our outsourced activities or if the quality or accuracy of the services provided by our vendors or consultants
is compromised for any reason, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory
approval of QN-302, RAS and/or QN-247 or any of future product candidates or otherwise advance our business. We cannot assure that we
will be able to properly manage our existing vendors or consultants or find other competent outside vendors and consultants on economically
reasonable terms, or at all. 

We
may engage in strategic transactions that could impact liquidity, increase expenses and present significant distractions to management. 

From
time to time, we may consider strategic transactions, such as acquisitions of companies, businesses or assets and out-licensing or in-licensing
of products, drug candidates or technologies. Potential transactions that we may consider include a variety of different business arrangements,
including spin-offs, in-licensing, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, restructurings, divestitures, business combinations and investments.
Any such transaction may require us to incur non-recurring or other charges, may increase near term or long-term expenditures and may
pose significant integration challenges or disrupt management or business, which could adversely affect our operations and financial results.
For example, as a result of annual goodwill impairment testing, we recognized a 4.2 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge
in the valuation of our business acquisition of Nanosynex for the year ended December 31, 2022. These trans actions
may entail numerous operational and financial risks, including: 

exposure
 to unknown liabilities; 

disruption
 of business and diversion of management s time and attention in order to develop acquired
 products, drug candidates or technologies; 

incurrence
 of substantial debt or dilutive issuances of equity securities to pay for acquisitions; 

higher
 than expected acquisition and integration costs; 

write-downs
 of assets or impairment charges; 

increased
 amortization expenses; 

difficulty
 and cost in combining the operations, systems and personnel of any acquired businesses with
 our operations, systems and personnel; 

impairment
 of relationships with key suppliers or customers of any acquired businesses due to changes
 in management and ownership; and 

inability
 to retain key employees of any acquired businesses. 

Our
investment in NanoSynex, our majority owned indirect subsidiary, has a number of risks associated with it. 

Our
investment in NanoSynex, our majority owned indirect subsidiary domiciled in Israel, has a number of risks associated with it, including,
among others, the following: 

a
 history of operating losses, with no assurance of future revenues or operating profits; 

risks
 associated with the development of medical devices and NanoSynex s ability to obtain
 the necessary regulatory approvals for the development and commercialization of its antimicrobial
 susceptibility test platform; 

very
 limited manufacturing, marketing, distribution and sales capabilities; 

competition
 from both public and private companies and academic collaborators, many of which have significantly
 greater experience and financial resources; 

acceptance
 by life sciences research and diagnostic communities is not assured; 

commercial
 development of its antimicrobial susceptibility test platform is not assured; 

an
 inability to manufacture, market or sell its proposed products if it is unsuccessful in entering
 into strategic alliances or joint ventures with third parties; and 

risks
 related to the political, economic and military conditions in Israel. 

25 

In
addition, as a condition to our acquisition of NanoSynex, we agreed to provide NanoSynex with up to 10.4 million of future funding in
the form of promissory notes to us based on NanoSynex s achievement of certain future development milestones and subject to other
terms and conditions described in the funding agreement. See Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional details. If we are unable to make these payments, if and when
required, and if NanoSynex is unable to find alternative sources of funding, NanoSynex s operations may be negatively impacted,
which would ultimately have a negative impact on us. 

Our
reported financial condition and results of operations may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year, which makes
them difficult to predict or understand. 

We
expect our financial condition and results of operations to fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year due to a variety of factors,
many of which are beyond our control. In particular, the warrant liabilities (and change in the fair value of warrant liabilities, over
a reporting period) may result in distortions and sharp variability in reported periodic results. Accordingly, you should not blindly
rely upon the results of any quarterly or annual periods as indications of future operating performance. Other investors may, however,
attach undue significance to reported results which are heavily influenced by such distortions and variability, which in turn could cause
our stock price to rise or fall despite there being no corresponding change in our prospects or position as a practical matter. 

We
have a substantial amount of derivative securities outstanding. 

As
of December 31, 2022 there were 608,012 stock options outstanding under our equity incentive plans. and 4,575,617 outstanding warrants. 

In
addition, the Debenture issued to Alpha in December 2022 is convertible, at any time, and from time to time, at Alpha s option,
into shares of our common stock, subject to our receipt of the necessary stockholder approvals and other terms and conditions described
in the Debenture. Furthermore, subject to our receipt of the necessary stockholder approvals and other terms and conditions described
in the Debenture, we may elect to pay all or a portion of the Monthly Redemption Amount and/or interest required by the Debenture in
shares of our common stock. 

The
issuance of shares upon the exercise or conversion of outstanding stock options, warrants and the Debenture (or our election to pay amounts
owed under the Debenture in shares of our common stock) could result in significant dilution to the holders of our existing outstanding
common stock. 

We
rely significantly upon information technology, and any failure, inadequacy, interruption or security lapse of that technology, including
any cyber security incidents, could harm our ability to operate our business effectively and result in a material disruption of our product
development programs. 

We
utilize complex IT systems to transmit and store information, including sensitive personal information and proprietary or confidential
information, and otherwise to support our business and process. In the future, our systems may prove inadequate to our business needs
and necessary upgrades may not operate as designed, which could result in excessive costs or disruptions in portions of our business.
In particular, any disruptions, delays or deficiencies from our enterprise resource planning systems could adversely affect our ability
to, among other matters, process orders, procure supplies, manufacture and ship products, track inventory, provide services and customer
support, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations or otherwise operate our business. 

We
could also be subject to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or intentional or accidental release or loss
of information maintained in the information systems and networks of our company. Outside parties may attempt to penetrate our systems
or those of our partners or fraudulently induce our employees or employees of our partners to disclose sensitive information to gain
access to our data. Like other companies, we may experience threats to our data and systems, including malicious codes and computer viruses,
cyber-attacks or other system failures. Furthermore, a security breach could be facilitated by ineffective protection measures, employee
errors or omissions, and malfeasance. Despite our efforts to protect against cyber-attacks and security breaches, hackers and other cyber
criminals are using increasingly sophisticated and constantly evolving techniques, and we may need to expend substantial additional resources
to continue to protect against potential security breaches or to remediate problems caused by such attacks or any breach of our safeguards.
Any system failure, accident or security breach that causes interruptions in our operations, for us or our partners, could result in
a material disruption of our product development programs and business operations, in addition to possibly requiring substantial expenditures
of resources to remedy. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory
approval efforts and we could incur significant increases in costs to recover or reproduce the data. The risk of cyber incidents could
also be increased by cyberwarfare in connection with the ongoing war in Ukraine, including potential proliferation of malware from the
conflict into systems unrelated to the conflict. To the extent that any disruption or security breach results in a loss of, or damage
to, our data or applications, or inappropriate public disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we may incur liabilities
and the further development of our product candidates may be delayed. 

26 

The
number and complexity of these security threats continue to increase over time. The costs of maintaining adequate protection against
such threats are significant and are expected to continue to increase in the future and may be material to our financial statements.
If a breach of our security systems or that of our partners occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures
could be harmed, we could lose business and our reputation and credibility could be damaged. We could be required to expend significant
amounts of money and other resources to repair or replace information systems or networks. We may also be required to comply with disparate
state and foreign breach notification laws and otherwise subject to liability under laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased
costs or loss of revenue. In addition, a data security breach or ransomware attack could distract management or other key personnel from
performing their primary operational duties. Although we develop and maintain systems and controls designed to prevent these events from
occurring, and we have a process to identify and mitigate threats, the development and maintenance of these systems, controls and processes
is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated.
Moreover, despite our efforts, the possibility of these events occurring cannot be eliminated entirely. 

Our
business, financial condition, results of operations and growth have been adversely impacted by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic
and may be adversely impacted by COVID-19 or another pandemic, epidemic or infectious disease outbreak in the future. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic and related governmental and business responses had and may again have an adverse effect on the markets we derive project
opportunities from, our customers, and our operations. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic could again impact us will depend on
numerous evolving factors and future developments that are uncertain and that we are not able to predict at this time, including: the
timing, extent, trajectory and duration of the pandemic; the emergence of new variants; the development, availability, distribution and
effectiveness of vaccines and treatments; the imposition of protective public safety measures; and the impact of the pandemic on the
global economy and demand for our products and services. Although the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided, we could again experience adverse
impacts to our business as a result of any related economic recession that occurred or may occur in the future from COVID-19 or other
similar global pandemics. 

Adverse
global conditions, including economic uncertainty, may negatively impact our financial results. 

Global
conditions, disruptions in the financial markets, or inflation could adversely impact our business. In addition, the global macroeconomic
environment has been and may continue to be negatively affected by, among other things, instability in global economic markets, increased
U.S. trade tariffs and trade disputes with other countries, instability in the global credit markets, supply chain weaknesses, instability
in the geopolitical environment as a result of the war in Ukraine, the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union, and
other political tensions, and foreign governmental debt concerns. Such challenges have caused, and may continue to cause, uncertainty
and instability in local economies and in global financial markets, which may adversely affect our business. 

We
or the third parties upon whom we depend may be adversely affected by natural disasters and our business continuity and disaster recovery
plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster. 

We
are located in southern California, and are subject to risks posed by natural disasters, including wildfires, earthquakes and severe
weather that may interfere with our operations. Extreme weather events and other natural disasters could severely disrupt our operations,
and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. If a natural disaster,
power outage or other event occurred that prevented Qualigen from using all or a significant portion of our headquarters, that damaged
critical infrastructure, such as the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contract manufacturers, or that otherwise disrupted
operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible for Qualigen to continue our business for a substantial period of time.
Any disaster recovery and business continuity plans we have in place may prove inadequate in the event of a serious disaster or similar
event. 

Any
failure to develop or maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting or difficulties encountered in implementing or improving
our internal controls over financial reporting could harm our operating results and prevent us from meeting our reporting obligations. 

Moreover,
effective internal controls, particularly those related to financial reporting, are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports.
If we cannot provide reliable financial reports, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose confidence
in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our common stock could drop significantly. In addition, investors relying
upon this misinformation could make an uninformed investment decision, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the
SEC or other regulatory authorities or to stockholder class action securities litigation. 

In
addition, discovery and disclosure of a material weakness, by definition, could have a material adverse impact on our financial
statements. As previously described in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, in connection with the
audit of our financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 (the 2021 audit ), our management identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the lack of
accounting department resources and/or policies and procedures to ensure recording and disclosure of items in compliance with U.S.
GAAP. This material weakness resulted in adjustments to our warrant valuations in connection with the 2021 audit. In response to the
material weakness, we took a number of remediation steps to enhance our internal controls, including implementing
additional procedures and utilizing external consulting resources with experience and expertise in U.S. GAAP and public company
accounting and reporting requirements to assist management with its accounting and reporting of complex and/or non-recurring
transactions and related disclosures. However, in connection with the audit of our financial statements as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2022 (the 2022 audit ), our management determined that that the material weakness identified in connection
with the 2021 audit has not been fully remediated and has resulted in adjustments to the accounting treatment related to
convertible debt, the business combination and goodwill impairment during the 2022 audit, which resulted in the late filing of this
Annual Report (see Item 9A. Controls and Procedures). 

If we are unable to remediate the material weakness and achieve and maintain
effective internal control over financial reporting and effective disclosure controls, our business could be adversely affected. Certain
customers and/or suppliers may choose not to do business with us and the price of our common stock could be adversely impacted. This could,
in turn, negatively affect our ability to access equity capital markets. 

Our
failure to be current in our filings with the SEC could pose significant risks to our business, which could materially and adversely
affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

We
are required, as a public reporting company, to provide investors on a regular basis with periodic reports that contain important financial
and business information, including annual reports on Form 10-K and other periodic reports. Periodic reports help investors to make informed
investment decisions about the purchase or sale of a reporting company s securities. Our inability to timely file periodic reports
with the SEC could have an adverse impact on our ability to, among other things, (i) raise funds in the public markets and (ii) attract
and retain key employees, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition,
the late filing of our Annual Report has also adversely affected our eligibility to use our Form S-3 registration statement. Use of that
Form requires, among other things, that the issuer be current in its reports under the Exchange Act for at least 12 months. As a result
of our being unable to use Form S-3, we will have to meet more demanding requirements to register our securities, so it will be more
difficult for us to effect public offering transactions, and our range of available financing alternatives could be narrowed. 

Our
failure to meet the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq could result in a delisting of our common stock. 

If
we fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq, Nasdaq may take steps to delist our common stock. Such a delisting would
likely have a negative effect on the price of our common stock and would impair your ability to sell or purchase our common stock when
you wish to do so. 

On
April 20, 2023, we received a notification letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq indicating that, as a result of
our delay in filing this Annual Report, we were not in compliance with the timely filing requirements for continued listing under Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5250(c)(1). The notification letter has no immediate effect on the listing or trading of our common stock on the Nasdaq
Capital Market. The notification letter states that, under Nasdaq rules, we have 60 calendar days, or until June 20, 2023, to submit
a plan to regain compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing requirements. Alternatively, we may also regain compliance with Nasdaq s
continued listing requirements at any time before June 20, 2023, by filing this Annual Report with the SEC, as well as any subsequent
periodic financial reports that may become due, and continuing to comply with Nasdaq s other continued listing requirements. We
expect that the filing of this Annual Report will be sufficient to avoid the delisting of our common stock. 

We
have in the past been in noncompliance with other Nasdaq continued listing rules. For example, on November 23, 2022, we effected a 1-for-10
reverse stock split of our outstanding common stock to cure our noncompliance, for a period of more than 30 consecutive business days,
with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2), which requires listed securities to maintain a minimum bid
price of 1.00 per share. 

If
we are unable to maintain compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing requirements. In the event of a delisting, we would take action
to restore our compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements, but we can provide no assurance that any such action taken by us
would allow our common stock to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our common stock, prevent
our common stock from dropping below the Nasdaq minimum bid price requirement or prevent future non-compliance with Nasdaq s other
listing requirements. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Our wholly-owned subsidiary Qualigen, Inc. currently leases an all-purpose facility in Carlsbad, California. Our partially owned subsidiary NanoSynex currently leases an R D facility in Ness Ziona, Israel. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

None. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

27 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our
common stock has been listed and traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol QLGN since May 26, 2020. 

Holders 

As
of April 11, 2023, there were 627 registered holders of record of our common stock. This figure does not reflect the beneficial ownership
of shares held in nominee name. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

See
Part III, Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters for information
relating to our equity compensation plans. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with the consolidated
financial statements and related notes that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements
based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated
in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under Risk Factors or in
other parts of this Annual Report. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for additional information.
Unless otherwise indicated, all information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K gives effect to a 1-for-10 reverse stock split of our
common stock that became effective on November 23, 2022, and all references to shares of common stock outstanding and per share amounts
give effect to the reverse stock split. 

 Overview 

We
are a diversified life sciences company focused on developing treatments for adult and pediatric cancers with potential for Orphan Drug
designation, while also commercializing diagnostics. 

Our
cancer therapeutics pipeline includes QN-302, RAS and QN-247. 

28 

Our
lead oncology therapeutics program, QN-302, is an investigational small molecule G4-selective transcription inhibitor with strong binding
affinity to G4s prevalent in cancer cells. Such binding could, by stabilizing the G4s against DNA unwinding, help inhibit
cancer cell proliferation. QN-302 is currently undergoing Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) toxicology studies. 

Our
RAS portfolio consists of a family of RAS oncogene protein-protein interaction inhibitor small molecules believed to inhibit or block
mutated RAS genes proteins from binding to their effector proteins. Preventing this binding could stop tumor growth, especially
in RAS-driven tumors such as pancreatic, colorectal and lung cancers. 

Our
investigational QN-247 compound binds nucleolin, a key multi-functional regulatory phosphoprotein that is overexpressed in cancer cells.
Such binding could inhibit the cancer cells proliferation. The foundational aptamer of QN-247 is QN-165 (formerly referred to
as AS1411), which the Company has deprioritized as a drug candidate for treating COVID-19 and other viral-based infectious diseases. 

On
May 26, 2022, we acquired 2,232,861 shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock of NanoSynex from Alpha in exchange for 3,500,000 shares of
our common stock and a prefunded warrant to purchase 3,314,641 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 0.001 per share.
These warrants were subsequently exercised on September 13, 2022 and the shares of our common stock were subsequently subject to a 1 for 10 reverse split on November 23, 2022. Concurrently with this
transaction, we also purchased 381,786 shares of Series B preferred stock from NanoSynex for a total purchase price of 600,000. The
transactions resulted in our acquiring a 52.8 interest in NanoSynex. NanoSynex is a micro-biologics diagnostics company domiciled
in Israel. 

Because
our therapeutic candidates are all still in the pre-clinical development stage, our only products that are currently commercially available
are the for sale FastPack System diagnostic instruments and test kits. Our FastPack System diagnostic instruments and test kits are sold
commercially primarily in the United States, as well as certain European countries. The FastPack System menu includes a rapid, highly
accurate immunoassay diagnostic testing system for cancer, men s health, hormone function, and vitamin D status. We provide analyzers
to our customers (physician offices, clinics and small hospitals) at low cost in order to increase sales volumes of higher-margin test
kits. 

We
have always utilized a razor and blades pricing strategy, providing analyzers to our customers (physician offices, clinics
and small hospitals) at low cost in order to increase sales volumes of higher-margin test kits. Through the first quarter of 2022, we
relied on our diagnostics distribution partner, Sekisui, for most FastPack distribution worldwide pursuant to a distribution agreement.
We maintained direct distribution for certain house accounts, including selling our total testosterone test kits to Low T, the largest
men s health group in the United States, with 40 locations. The Distribution Agreement with Sekisui expired on March 31, 2022,
and after that date the activities previously provided by Sekisui have reverted back to us and we have recognized 100 of the revenue
from the sales of our FastPack diagnostic instruments and test kits. We have licensed and technology-transferred our FastPack System
technology to Yi Xin Zhen Duan Jishu (Suzhou) Ltd. for the China diagnostics market. 

We
do not expect to be profitable before products from our therapeutics pipeline are commercialized, because we foresee that research and
development expenses on the therapeutics programs will significantly exceed the profits, if any, that we will generate from our diagnostics
products. To experience losses while therapeutic products are still under development is, of course, typical for biotechnology companies. 

Our
consolidated financial statements do not separate our diagnostics-related activities from our therapeutics-related activities. Although
to date all of our reported revenue is diagnostics-related, our reported expenses represent the total of our diagnostics-related and
therapeutics-related expenses 

Reverse
Stock Split 

On
November 23, 2022, we effected a 1-for-10, as determined by our board of directors, reverse stock split of our outstanding shares of
common stock (the Reverse Stock Split ). The Reverse Stock Split reduced our shares of outstanding common stock, stock options,
and warrants to purchase shares of our common stock. Fractional shares of common stock that would have otherwise resulted from the Reverse
Stock Split were rounded down to the nearest whole share and cash in lieu of payments were made to stockholders. All share and per share
data for all periods presented in this section and the accompanying financial statements and related disclosures have been adjusted retrospectively
to reflect the Reverse Stock Split. The number of authorized shares of common stock and the par value per share remains unchanged. 

29 

Impact
of COVID-19 Pandemic 

The
COVID-19 pandemic had, and it or similar pandemics, epidemics or infectious disease outbreaks may, in the future, have, adverse impacts
on the U.S. and world economy, health care systems, personnel availability, supply chains, social and political assumptions, and capital
markets. The impacts from the pandemic were particularly serious for smaller companies such as ours. Sales of our diagnostic products
fell significantly during 2020 as deferral of patients non-emergency visits to physician offices, clinics and small hospitals
sharply reduced demand for our FastPack tests. While our FastPack sales began to rebound in 2021, the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic,
or similar pandemics, epidemic or infectious disease outbreak, could impact us in the future will depend on numerous evolving factors
and future developments that we are unable to predict at this time, including: the timing, extent, trajectory and duration of the pandemic;
the emergence of new variants; the development, availability, distribution and effectiveness of vaccines and treatments; the imposition
of protective public safety measures; and the impact of the pandemic on the global economy and demand for our products and services.
We could again experience adverse impacts to our business as a result of any related economic recession that may occur in the future
from COVID-19 or other similar global pandemic, epidemic or infectious disease outbreak. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

This
discussion and analysis is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The
preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of
assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our consolidated financial statements.
On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, fair value of warrant liabilities, stock-based
compensation, amortization and depreciation, inventory reserves, allowances for doubtful accounts and returns, and warranty costs. We
base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors we believe to be reasonable under the
circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are
not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

30 

While
our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements appearing in Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, we believe that the following accounting policies are the most critical to aid
you in fully understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations: 

Convertible
 debt 

Research
 and development 

Revenue
 recognition 

Allowance
 for doubtful accounts and returns 

Inventory 

Impairment of long-lived
 assets 

Business
 combination 

Goodwill 

In
 Process R D 

Derivative financial instruments and warrant
 liabilities 

Stock-based compensation 

Income
 taxes 

Warrant
Liabilities 

In
2004, Qualigen, Inc. issued Series C preferred stock warrants to investors and brokers in connection with a private placement. These
warrants were subsequently extended and survived the May 2020 Ritter reverse recapitalization transaction and are now exercisable for
Qualigen Therapeutics common stock. These warrants contain a provision that if Qualigen, Inc. issues shares (except in certain defined
scenarios) at a price below the warrants exercise price, the exercise price will be re-set to such new price and the number of
shares underlying the warrants will be increased in the same proportion as the exercise price decrease. For accounting purposes, such
warrants give rise to warrant liabilities. The operation of the double-ratchet provisions in these warrants in connection
with the NanoSynex acquisition and the convertible debenture financing transaction in 2022 now allow the holders to exercise for a significantly
higher number of shares than before. Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP require us to recognize the fair value of these warrants as warrant liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and to reflect period-to-period
changes in the fair value of the warrant liabilities on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

The estimated fair value of these
warrant liabilities was 0.8 million and 1.7 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were 1,349,571 of these
warrants outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 248,162 of these warrants outstanding at December 31, 2021. 

On December 22, 2022, as part of the convertible debenture financing, the Company issued to
Alpha a common stock warrant to purchase a number of shares of the common stock of the Company equal to the number of Conversion Shares
issuable upon conversion of the Debenture as of the closing date. The exercise price of the warrant is 1.65 (equal to 125 of the Conversion
Price of the Debenture on the closing date). The warrant entitles Alpha to purchase up to 2,500,000 shares of common stock of the Company
and may be exercised by Alpha, in whole or in part, at any time on or after June 22, 2023 and before June 22, 2028. U.S. GAAP requires
us to recognize the fair value of these warrants as warrant liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and to reflect period-to-period
changes in the fair value of the warrant liabilities on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. The estimated fair value of this warrant
liability was 2.8 million and 0 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Because
the fair value of the above liability classified warrants will be determined each quarter on a mark-to-market basis , it
could result in significant variability in our future quarterly and annual Consolidated Statement of Operations and Consolidated Balance
Sheets based on changes in our public market common stock price. Pursuant to U.S. GAAP, a quarter-to-quarter increase in our stock price
would result in an increase (possibly quite large) in the fair value of the warrant liabilities and a quarter-to-quarter decrease in
our stock price would result in a decrease (possibly quite large) in the fair value of the warrant liabilities. 

31 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 REVENUES 

Net product sales 
 4,983,556 
 5,021,721 
 
 License revenue 
 
 632,004 
 
 Total revenues 
 4,983,556 
 5,653,725 

EXPENSES 

Cost of product sales 
 4,302,755 
 4,332,485 
 
 General and administrative 
 10,835,647 
 11,724,964 
 
 Research and development 
 6,837,133 
 11,716,718 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 950,420 
 542,594 
 
 Goodwill and fixed asset impairment 
 4,239,000 

Total expenses 
 27,164,955 
 28,316,761 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 
 (22,181,399 
 (22,663,036 

OTHER EXPENSE (INCOME), NET 

(Gain) loss on change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 (907,203 
 (4,723,187 
 
 Interest (income) expense, net 
 26,646 
 (42,693 
 
 Other income, net 
 (1,125 
 (5,446 
 
 Total other expense (income), net 
 (881,682 
 (4,771,326 

LOSS BEFORE (BENEFIT) PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 
 (21,299,717 
 (17,891,710 

(BENEFIT) PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 
 (265,074 
 5,427 

NET LOSS 
 (21,034,643 
 (17,897,137 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 (2,394,100 

Net loss attributable to Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. 
 (18,640,543 
 (17,897,137 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Net loss 
 (21,034,643 
 (17,897,137 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 50,721 

Other comprehensive loss 
 (20,983,923 
 (17,897,137 
 
 Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 (2,394,100 

Comprehensive loss attributable to Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. 
 (18,589,823 
 (17,897,137 

Revenues 

Our
operating revenues are primarily generated from sales of our FastPack diagnostic tests. Revenues for the year ended December 31,
2022 were approximately 5.0 million compared to approximately 5.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 0.7
million. This decrease was primarily due to the recognition of approximately 0.6 million in license revenue from Yi Xin under the
Technology Transfer Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared with no license revenue for the year ended December 31,
2022. 

Net
product sales 

Net
product sales are primarily generated from sales of our diagnostic tests. Net product sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were
 5.0 million, which remained largely consistent with 5.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

32 

License
Revenue 

License
revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 0.6 million, due to the recognition of revenue from Yi Xin under the Technology Transfer
Agreement. There was no license revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Expenses 

Cost
of Product Sales 

Cost
of product sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 4.3 million, which remained largely consistent with 4.3 million for the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses decreased from 11.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 10.8 million the year ended December
31, 2022. This decrease was due to a 0.3 million decrease in professional fees, a 0.3 million decrease in payroll-related expenses,
a 0.3 million decrease in insurance expenses, and a 0.3 million decrease in investor relations expenses, offset by increases of 0.2
million in legal expenses and 0.1 million in rent. 

Research
and Development Costs 

Research
and development costs include therapeutics and diagnostics research and product development costs. Research and development costs decreased
from 11.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 6.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Of the 6.8 million of
research and development costs for year ended December 31, 2022, 4.5 million (66 was attributable to therapeutics and 2.3 million
(34 was attributable to diagnostics. Of the 11.7 million of research and development costs for the year ended December 31, 2021, 10.3
million (88 was attributable to therapeutics and 1.4 million (12 was attributable to diagnostics. 

The
increase in diagnostic research and development costs was primarily due to 0.9 million in R D expenses assumed in connection with
the acquisition of NanoSynex. The decrease in therapeutics research and development costs was primarily due to a decrease of 6.4 million
in expenses related to the potential application of QN-165 for the treatment of COVID-19 4.6 million in drug compound manufacturing
costs, and 1.8 million in other pre-clinical research costs), as well as pre-clinical research and development cost decreases
of 0.2 million for QN-247, a decrease in legal expenses of 0.3 million, a decrease of 0.3 million in payroll-related expenses, offset
by an increase in QN-302 spending of 1.1 million and an increase in RAS expenses of 0.3 million. 

For
the future, we expect our therapeutic research and development costs to continue to significantly outweigh our diagnostic research and
development costs, and to be relatively lower in periods when we are focusing on pre-clinical activities and meaningfully higher in periods
when we are provisioning for and conducting clinical trials, if any. 

Sales
and Marketing Expenses 

Sales
and marketing expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased to 1.0 million as compared to 0.5 million for the year ended
December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in payroll-related expenses as a result of the termination of the Sekisui distribution
agreement. 

Goodwill
and Fixed Asset Impairment 

As
a result of annual goodwill impairment testing, we recognized a 4.2 million non-cash goodwill and fixed asset impairment charge in the valuation of
our business acquisition of NanoSynex for the year ended December 31, 2022. For more information, refer to Note 1 - Organization and
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates and Note 7 - Goodwill, IPR D and other Intangibles of the consolidated financial
statements. 

33 

Other
Expense (Income) 

Change
in Fair Value of Warrant Liabilities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 we experienced (primarily due to a decrease in our stock price during the period) a 0.9 million gain
in other income because of the change in fair value of the warrant liabilities arising from our liability classified warrants described
above. The estimated fair value of these warrants increased to 3.6 million as of December 31, 2022 from 1.7 million as of December
31, 2021 primarily due to the issuance of a new warrant as part of the convertible debt-related party financing transaction, offset by a reduction
in fair value of the other liability classified warrants. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the gain on change in fair value of warrant
liabilities was 4.7 million due to an associated decrease in the market price of our common stock. Typically, a decline in our stock
price would result in a decline in the fair value of our warrant liabilities, generating a gain, while an increase in our stock price
would result in an increase in the fair value of our warrant liabilities, generating a loss. 

Because
the fair value of the warrant liabilities will be determined each quarter on a mark-to-market basis, this item is likely
to continue to result in significant variability in our future quarterly and annual Consolidated Statements of Operations based on unpredictable
changes in our public market common stock price and the number of warrants outstanding at the end of each quarter. 

Interest
(Income) Expense, Net 

There
was 27,000 in net interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to net interest income of 43,000 during the year
ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued convertible debt which resulted in an increase of 47,000
in interest expense offset by a reduction of 20,000 in interest income compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to
lower interest bearing cash balances. 

Other Income, Net 

Other income was immaterial during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Liquidity
and Going Concern 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 7.0 million in cash. We have incurred recurring losses from operations and have an accumulated
deficit of 103.4 million at December 31, 2022. We expect to continue to incur losses subsequent to the consolidated balance sheet date
of December 31, 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we used cash of 13.2 million and 14.7 million, respectively,
in operations. We currently expect our cash balances to fund operations into the third quarter of 2023. As a pre-clinical development-stage
therapeutics biotechnology company, we expect to continue to have net losses and negative cash flow from operations, which over time
will challenge our liquidity. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern for the one-year
period following the date that these financial statements were issued. 

There is no assurance that we
will ever achieve profitable operations, or, if achieved, could be sustained on a continuing basis. In order to fully execute our business
plan, we will require significant additional financing for planned research and development activities, capital expenditures, clinical
and pre-clinical testing for QN-302 clinical trials, to continue preclinical development of RAS, and to continue funding the NanoSynex
operations (See Note 3-Acquisition), as well as commercialization activities. 

Historically, our principal sources
of cash have, in addition to revenue from FastPack product sales and license revenues, included proceeds from the issuance of common and
preferred equity and proceeds from the issuance of debt. In December 2021, we raised 8.8 million from the issuance of common stock to
several institutional investors, and in December 2022 we raised approximately 3.0 million from the sale of a convertible debenture to Alpha.
There can be no assurance that further financing can be obtained on favorable terms, or at all. If we are unable to obtain funding, we
could be required to delay, reduce or eliminate research and development programs, product portfolio expansion or future commercialization
efforts, which could adversely affect our business prospects. 

To
the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interests of our
common stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect
the rights of our common stockholders. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting
our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise
additional funds through government or other third-party funding, commercialization, marketing and distribution arrangements or other
collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies,
future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. In addition,
any future financing (depending on the terms and conditions) may be subject to the approval of Alpha under the terms of the Debenture
and/or trigger certain adjustments to the Debenture or warrants held by Alpha. 

As a condition to the
NanoSynex closing, the Company agreed to provide NanoSynex with up to 10.4 million of future funding based on NanoSynex s
achievement of certain future development milestones and subject to other terms and conditions described in the Master Agreement for
the Operational and Technological Funding of NanoSynex (the Funding Agreement entered into with NanoSynex. These
funding commitments are in the form of convertible promissory notes to be issued to the Company with a face value equal to the
amount paid by the Company to NanoSynex upon satisfaction of the applicable performance milestone, bearing interest at the rate of
9 per annum on the principal balance from time to time outstanding under the particular promissory note, convertible at the option
of the Company into additional shares of NanoSynex in order for the Company to maintain at least a 50.1 controlling ownership
interest in NanoSynex, should NanoSynex issue additional shares. The principal of the convertible notes are due and payable upon the
sooner to occur of: i) five years from the date of issuance of the particular promissory note; ii) the acquisition by any person or
entity of all or substantially all of the share capital of NanoSynex, through share purchase, issuance or shares or merger of
NanoSynex, or the purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of NanoSynex; or iii) the initial public offering of NanoSynex.
The Company provided funding to NanoSynex of 2.4 million during 2022 and an additional 0.5 million in February 2023 pursuant to
this agreement. The Company may terminate the Funding Agreement upon 120 days notice, but would still be liable for any
payments due for milestones achieved prior to termination. 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that would be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern, and therefore, be
required to liquidate its assets and discharge its liabilities in other than the normal course of business and at amounts that may differ
from those reflected in the accompanying financial statements. 

34 

Our
consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 includes 3.6 million of current warrant liabilities. We do not consider the warrant
liabilities to constrain our liquidity, as a practical matter. Our current liabilities at December 31, 2022 also include 0.9
million of accounts payable, 0.5 million of accrued vacation pay, 1.5 million of accrued expenses and other current liabilities, a 0.8 million R D grant
liability, 0.2 million in operating lease liabilities, 0.1 million of notes payable (convertible debt to a related party), and 1.0 million in short term debt to a related party. 

Contractual
Obligations and Commitments 

We
have no material contractual obligations that are not fully recorded on our consolidated balance sheets or fully disclosed in the notes
to the financial statements. 

Lease
Agreement with Bond Ranch LP 

On
December 15, 2021, our wholly-owned subsidiary Qualigen, Inc. entered into a Second Amendment to Lease with Bond Ranch LP. This Amendment
extended the Company s triple-net leasehold on its existing 22,624-square-foot headquarters/manufacturing facility at 2042 Corte
del Nogal, Carlsbad, California for the 61-month period of November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2027. Over the 61 months, the base rent payable
will total 1,950,710; however, the base rent for the first 12 months of the 61-month period will be only 335,966. Additionally, Qualigen,
Inc. was entitled to a 339,360 tenant improvement allowance. See Note 13-Commitments and Contingencies of the consolidated financial
statements for additional details. 

License
and Sponsored Research Agreements 

We have obligations under various
license and sponsored research agreements to make future payments to third parties that become due and payable on the achievement of certain
development, regulatory and commercial milestones (such as the start of a clinical trial, filing for product approval with the FDA or
other regulatory agencies, product approval by the FDA or other regulatory agencies, product launch or product sales) or on the sublicense
of our rights to another party. We have not included these commitments on our balance sheet because the achievement and timing of these
events is not determinable. Certain milestones are in advance of receipt of revenue from the sale of products and, therefore, we may require
additional debt or equity capital to make such payments. 

We
have multiple license and sponsored research agreements with UofL Research Foundation ULRF ). Under these agreements, we
have taken over development, regulatory approval and commercialization of various drug compounds from ULRF and are responsible for maintenance
of the related intellectual property portfolio. We agreed to reimburse ULRF for sponsored research expenses of up to 2.7 million and
prior patent costs of up to 112,000 for RAS. As of December 31, 2022 we had up to 748,000 remaining due under this sponsored research
agreement for RAS. We also agreed to reimburse ULRF for sponsored research expenses of up to 830,000 and prior patent costs of up to
 200,000 for QN-247. As of December 31, 2022, there were no remaining un-expensed amounts under this sponsored research agreement for
QN-247 and the agreement was terminated effective August 31, 2022. We also agreed to reimburse ULRF for sponsored research expenses of
up to 430,000 and prior patent costs of up to 24,000 for QN-165. As of December 31, 2022 we had no remaining un-expensed amounts under
this sponsored research agreement for QN-165, and the agreement was terminated effective November 30, 2021. Under the terms of these
agreements, we are required to make patent maintenance payments and payments based upon development, regulatory and commercial milestones
for any products covered by the in-licensed intellectual property. The maximum aggregate milestone payments we may be obligated to make
per product are 5 million. We will also be required to pay a royalty on net sales of products covered by the in-licensed intellectual
property in the low single digits. The royalty is subject to reduction for any third-party payments required to be made, with a minimum
floor in the low single digits. We have the right to sublicense our rights under these agreements, and we will be required to pay a percentage
of any sublicense income. 

On
January 13, 2022, we entered into a License Agreement with UCL Business Limited to obtain an exclusive worldwide in-license of a genomic
quadruplex (G4)-selective transcription inhibitor drug development program which had been developed at University College London, including
lead and back-up compounds, preclinical data and a patent estate. (UCL Business Limited is the commercialization company for University
College London.) The program s lead compound will be further developed at Qualigen under the name QN-302 as a candidate for treatment
of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC), which represents the vast majority of pancreatic cancers. The Agreement requires (if and
when applicable) tiered royalty payments in the low to mid-single digits, clinical/regulatory/sales milestone payments, and a percentage
of any non-royalty sublicensing consideration paid to Qualigen. 

Termination
of Sekisui Distribution Agreement 

Following
the expiration of the Sekisui Distribution Agreement on March 31, 2022, the Company has a commitment to purchase leased FastPack rental
systems back from Sekisui at its net book value, in the amount of 154,000 which is included in equipment held for lease and accrued
expenses and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 

Technology
Transfer Agreement with Yi Xin 

Through
our wholly-owned diagnostics subsidiary Qualigen, Inc., we entered into a Technology Transfer Agreement dated as of October 7, 2020,
with Yi Xin, of Suzhou, China, which authorizes Yi Xin to develop, manufacture and sell new generations of diagnostic test systems based
on our core FastPack technology. In addition, the Technology Transfer Agreement authorizes Yi Xin to manufacture and sell our current
generations of FastPack System diagnostic products (1.0, IP and PRO) in China. We have provided technology transfer and patent/know-how
license rights to facilitate Yi Xin s development and commercialization. 

35 

Under
the terms of the Technology Transfer Agreement, we have provided Yi Xin the exclusive rights for China which is a market we have
not otherwise entered both for Yi Xin s new generations of FastPack-based products and for Yi Xin-manufactured versions
of our existing FastPack product lines. Yi Xin has the right to sell its new generations of FastPack-based diagnostic test systems throughout
the world (but not to or toward current customers of our existing generations of FastPack products); provided that any non-China sales
would, until March 31, 2022, need to be through Sekisui. As of April 1, 2022, Yi Xin has right to sell Yi Xin-manufactured versions of
existing FastPack 1.0, IP and PRO product lines worldwide (other than in the United States and other than to or toward current non-US
customers of those products). Yi Xin also has the right, as of April 1, 2022, to buy Qualigen-manufactured FastPack 1.0, IP and PRO products
from us at distributor prices for resale in and for the United States (but not to or toward current U.S. customers of those products).
We did not license Yi Xin to sell in the United States market any Yi Xin-manufactured versions of those legacy FastPack product lines,
even after March 31, 2022. We agreed in the Technology Transfer Agreement that we would not, after March 31, 2022, seek new FastPack
customers outside the United States. 

Under
the Technology Transfer Agreement, we have received total net cash payments of approximately 670,000, of which approximately 632,000
was classified as license revenue, and approximately 38,000 is classified as product sales on the statement of operations for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2021. There were no revenues under this agreement for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. We will receive
low- to mid-single-digit royalties on any future new-generations and current-generations product sales by Yi Xin. 

Yi
Xin is a newly-formed company and is subject to many risks. There can be no assurance that Yi Xin will successfully commercialize any
products or that we will receive any royalties from Yi Xin. 

Alpha
Convertible Debt 

On
December 22, 2022, we issued an 8 Senior Convertible Debenture in the aggregate principal amount of 3,300,000 to Alpha for a purchase
price of 3,000,000 pursuant to the terms of a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 21, 2022 (the Alpha Purchase Agreement ).
The Debenture is convertible, at any time, and from time to time, at Alpha s option, into shares of our common stock (the Conversion
Shares ), at a price equal to 1.32 per share, subject to adjustment as described in the Debenture (the Conversion Price and other terms and conditions described in the Debenture, including the Company s receipt of the requisite stockholder approvals. 

Commencing
June 1, 2023 and continuing on the first day of each month thereafter until the earlier of (i) December 22, 2025 and (ii) the full redemption
of the Debenture, we must redeem 110,000 plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and any amounts then owing under the Debenture.
The Monthly Redemption Amount must be paid in cash; provided that after the first two monthly redemptions, we may elect to pay all or
a portion of a Monthly Redemption Amount in shares of our common stock, based on a conversion price equal to the lesser of (i) the then
applicable conversion price of the Debenture and (ii) 85 of the average of the VWAPs (as defined in the Debenture) for the five consecutive
trading days ending on the trading day that is immediately prior to the applicable Monthly Redemption Date. We may also redeem some or
all of the then outstanding principal amount of the Debenture at any time for cash in an amount equal to 105 of the then outstanding
principal amount of the Debenture being redeemed plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and any amounts then owing under
the Debenture. These monthly redemption and optional redemptions are subject to the satisfaction of the Equity Conditions (as defined
in the Debenture), which includes a condition that we have obtained stockholder approval for such share issuances. 

The
Debenture accrues interest at the rate of 8 per annum, which does not begin accruing until December 1, 2023, and will be payable on
a quarterly basis. Interest may be paid in cash or shares of common stock of the Company or a combination thereof at the option of the
Company; provided that interest may only be paid in shares if the Equity Conditions have been satisfied, including the stockholder approval
condition as described above. 

Nanosynex
Funding Agreement 

As
a condition to the NanoSynex acquisition, we entered into a Master Agreement for the Operational and Technological Funding of NanoSynex
(the Funding Agreement ), on May 26, 2022, pursuant to which we have agreed to fund NanoSynex up to an aggregate of approximately
 10.4 million over the next three years, subject to NanoSynex s achievement of certain performance milestones specified in the
Funding Agreement and the satisfaction of other terms and conditions described in the Funding Agreement. 

36 

We
will receive in exchange for any payment made to NanoSynex under the Funding Agreement one or more promissory notes (which may contain
convertible features) with a face value equal to the amount paid by the Company to NanoSynex upon satisfaction of the applicable performance
milestones. Any promissory notes issued to us by NanoSynex under the Funding Agreement will bear interest at a rate of 9.00 per annum
on the principal balance from time to time outstanding under the promissory note. The principal and interest under any promissory note
issued to us under the Funding Agreement will be due and payable upon the sooner to occur of: (i) five years from the date of the particular
promissory note; (ii) the acquisition by any person or entity of all or substantially all of the share capital of NanoSynex, through
share purchase, issuance of shares or merger of NanoSynex or the purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of NanoSynex; or
(iii) the initial public offering of NanoSynex. If at any time, our ownership of the share capital of NanoSynex on an issued and outstanding
basis falls or is reasonably expected to fall below 50.1 , solely as a result of the exercise of existing or future options (or an equivalent
instrument) or as a result of issuance of restricted, shares, restricted stock units (or an equivalent instruments), we, in our sole
discretion, may elect to convert all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of any promissory note into shares of NanoSynex s
most senior class of preferred shares existing immediately prior to such conversion, subject to the terms and conditions described in
the promissory notes so that, following such conversion, we will regain 50.1 ownership of NanoSynex s issued and outstanding share
capital. During the year ended December 31, 2022 a total of approximately 2.4 million was funded and in February 2023 and additional 0.5 million was funded to NanoSynex under the Funding Agreement. 

Other
Service Agreements 

We
enter into contracts in the normal course of business, including with clinical sites, contract research organizations, and other professional
service providers for the conduct of clinical trials, contract manufacturers for the production of our product candidates, contract research
service providers for preclinical research studies, professional consultants for expert advice and vendors for the sourcing of clinical
and laboratory supplies and materials. These contracts generally provide for termination on notice, and therefore are cancelable contracts. 

Cash
Flows 

The
following table sets forth the significant sources and uses of cash for the periods set forth below: 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by: 

Operating activities 
 (13,247,540 
 (14,730,742 
 
 Investing activities 
 (183,763 
 (141,364 
 
 Financing activities 
 2,910,515 
 8,433,808 
 
 Effect of exchange rate on cash 
 22,639 

Net decrease in cash and restricted cash 
 (10,498,149 
 (6,438,298 

Net
Cash Used in Operating Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, operating activities used 13.2 million of cash, primarily resulting from a net loss of 21.0 million.
Cash flows from operating activities (as opposed to net loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022 were positively impacted by adjustments
for 5.4 million in non cash stock-based compensation expense, a 4.2 million non cash goodwill impairment charge related to the acquisition
of Nanosynex, 0.1 million in depreciation and amortization, as well as 0.4 million decrease in accounts receivable. Cash flows from
operating activities (as opposed to net loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022 were negatively impacted by a 1.0 million gain on
change in fair value of warrant liabilities (as described above), a 0.6 million increase in inventory and equipment held for lease,
a 0.5 million decrease in R D grant liability which was offset against NanoSynex R D expenses, a 0.3 million decrease in deferred
tax liability, a 0.1 million increase in prepaid expenses and other assets, and a 0.1 million decrease in accounts payable and accrued
expenses. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, operating activities used 14.7 million of cash, primarily resulting from a net loss of 17.9 million.
Cash flows from operating activities (as opposed to net loss) for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 were positively impacted
by adjustments for 5.6 million in non cash stock-based compensation expenses, a 1.3 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other
assets, a 1.0 million increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities and a 0.4 million increase in accounts payable, due
to higher costs related to therapeutics research and development. The decrease in prepaid expenses reflected in the statements of cash
flows from operating activities was primarily due to the expensing during the period of 1.2 million of previous prepayments to STA Pharmaceutical
Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of WuXi AppTec, which was our manufacturer of QN-165 drug compounds. Cash flows from operating activities (as
opposed to net loss) for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 were negatively impacted by a 4.7 million gain on change in fair
value of warrant liabilities (as described above), and a 0.4 million decrease in deferred revenue primarily resulting from recognition
of Yi Xin license revenue. 

Net
Cash Used in Investing Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was approximately 0.2 million, due to capital expenditures offset
by cash acquired in the NanoSynex acquisition. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities was approximately 0.1 million, primarily related to the purchase
of property and equipment. 

Net
Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, was approximately 2.9 million, due to the issuance of convertible
debt to Alpha. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was approximately 8.4 million, due to 8.8 million of proceeds
from sales of equity securities in a registered-direct offering to several institutional investors, and 0.5 million of net proceeds
from warrant exercises, offset by 0.7 million in payments for offering costs related to the registered-direct offering and 0.1 million
of principal payments on notes payable. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required
to provide the information otherwise required under this Item. 

37 

Item
8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 38 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 41 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 42 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 43 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 44 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 45 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity
and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as
the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Uncertainty 

The accompanying
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s current liquidity position and projected cash needs raise substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 2.
The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to
error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for
the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Valuation of Intangible Assets Business Combination 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

As
described in Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company completed its majority interest acquisition of NanoSynex,
Ltd. NanoSynex on May 26, 2022, in a business combination. In connection with this acquisition, the Company recorded
an in-process research and development IPR D intangible asset in the amount of 5.7 million based
on the fair value of the IPR D at the acquisition date. The fair value of this acquired intangible asset was estimated using the excess
earnings method which is a form of an income-based approach. The excess earnings valuation model requires certain significant assumptions in estimating fair value of the IPR D. 

38 

We
identified the assessment of the fair value of the IPR D intangible asset as a critical audit matter. This required a high
degree of auditor judgment and an increased audit effort in determining the reasonableness of the fair value of the IPR D due to
the measurement uncertainty related to the selection of the valuation methodology and the significant assumptions used in the estimation. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

Obtaining an understanding of the Company s process and control over the valuation of
 IPR D intangible asset including the significant assumptions used in the valuation. 

Testing the clerical accuracy of the valuation model prepared by the Company s specialist. 

Evaluating the reasonableness of the key assumptions by considering past performance and third-party market data where appropriate,
and whether such assumptions were consistent with our understanding and evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

Involving internal valuation professionals as an auditor s specialist to assist in evaluating the valuation methodology used
by management by comparing with methodologies commonly used to value IPR D intangible assets and to review and opine on significant
assumptions utilized in the valuation model. 

Goodwill and IPR D Impairment Assessment 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As described in Notes 1 and 7 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company recorded goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets in connection with its acquisition of majority
ownership of NanoSynex. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair market value of assets acquired and liabilities
assumed, and the intangible asset represents the estimated acquisition date fair value of acquired IPR D. Goodwill and indefinite-lived
intangible assets are tested for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that
these assets may be impaired. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level and indefinite-lived intangible assets are
tested at the individual asset level. The Company determined that its goodwill was impaired and recorded an impairment loss of approximately
 4.2 million. 

Management s estimates of the fair value
of the reporting unit and of the IPR D were determined using the discounted cash flow method and excess earnings method, respectively.
The determination of fair value using these income approach techniques involves significant assumptions which are highly subjective. 

We identified goodwill and IPR D impairment
assessments as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgment and subjectivity exercised by management when developing the fair
value measurements, and a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased audit effort required in evaluating management s significant
assumptions. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical
audit matter included: 

Obtaining an understanding and evaluating the design of internal controls related to the impairment of goodwill and IPR D. 

Evaluating the appropriateness of methods used in developing the fair value measurements by management. 

Testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in management s fair value estimates, including mathematical accuracy. 

Evaluating the reasonableness of the key assumptions by considering past performance and third-party market data where appropriate,
and whether such assumptions were consistent with our understanding and evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

Involving internal valuation professionals as an auditor s specialist to assist in evaluating the valuation methodologies used
by management for the goodwill impairment assessment by comparing the methodologies to those utilized by other companies holding similar
assets, and to review and opine on significant assumptions utilized in the valuation model. 

39 

Accounting for Financial Instruments Convertible Debt with Warrants 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As described in Notes 11 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company issued a convertible debenture and common stock purchase warrants in the principal amount of 3.3M during
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We identified the accounting for this complex
financial instrument as a critical audit matter. This includes both the evaluation of the various features as potential embedded derivatives
and the determination of the respective fair value of the instruments and the embedded features, as well as the determination of the appropriate
classification of warrants between equity and liabilities. The application of the accounting guidance applicable to issuing a complex
financial instrument requires significant judgment. 

Determination of appropriate classification
of warrants requires management s judgments relating to the interpretations of relevant accounting guidance based on specific provisions
of the warrant agreement. And accounting for the convertible notes and embedded conversion features requires management s judgments
related to initial and subsequent recognition of the debt and related features, use of a valuation model, and key inputs used in the selected
valuation model. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical
audit matter included: 

Obtaining an understanding of the Company s process and controls over the execution of complex financial instruments. 

Inspecting the agreements associated with the transactions and evaluating management s technical accounting analysis, including
the identification of potential embedded derivatives, and the application of the relevant accounting literature. 

Utilizing an auditor s specialist to assist in
 assessing management s analysis of the transaction, including (i) evaluating the contracts to identify relevant terms that affect
 the recognition of the financial instruments, (ii) assessing the appropriateness of conclusions reached by management, and (iii)
 reviewing the valuation model for derivatives, performing independent calculations, and examining the significant assumptions
 utilized in the valuation model. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

May 2, 2023 

40 

QUALIGEN
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Restricted cash 

Right-of-use assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued vacation 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

R D grant liability 

Deferred revenue, current portion 

Operating lease liability, current portion 

Short term debt - related party 

Warrant liabilities 

Warrant liabilities - related party 

Convertible debt - related party 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

Deferred revenue, net of current portion 

Deferred tax liability 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 13) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stockholders equity 

Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. stockholders equity: 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. stockholders equity 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities Stockholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

41 

QUALIGEN
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 REVENUES 

Net product sales 

License revenue 

Total revenues 

EXPENSES 

Cost of product sales 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

Goodwill and fixed asset impairment 

Total expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER EXPENSE (INCOME), NET 

Gain on change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Interest (income) expense, net 

Other income, net 

Total other expense (income), net 

LOSS BEFORE (BENEFIT) PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

(BENEFIT) PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

NET LOSS 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Net loss attributable to Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. 

Net loss per common share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Other comprehensive loss 

Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Comprehensive loss attributable to Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

42 

QUALIGEN
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. Stockholders 
 Noncontrolling 

Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 Interest 

Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2021 - 

Stock issued upon exercise of warrants 

Stock-based compensation 

Common stock and prefunded warrants issued for business acquisition 

Noncontrolling interest adjustments relating to Stock-based compensation
 and other 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Fair value of warrant modification for professional services 

Fair value of warrant modification for business acquisition 

Issuance of rounded shares as a result of the reverse stock split 

() 
 
 Net loss - 

() 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 - 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Series
 Alpha Convertible 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

Balance. value 

Stock issued upon cash-exercise of warrants 

Stock issued upon net-exercise of warrants 

Issuance of common stock for conversion of preferred stock 

Fair value of warrants issued for professional services 

Shares issued pursuant to Securities Purchase Agreements 

Commission and offering costs of Securities Purchase Agreements 

Fair value of warrant modifications pursuant to Securities Purchase Agreements 

Stock issued for professional services 

Stock-based compensation 

Net Loss 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Balance, value 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

43 

QUALIGEN
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Accounts receivable reserves and allowances 

Inventory reserves 

Common stock issued for professional services 

Fair value of warrants issued for professional services 

Stock-based compensation 

Fair value of warrant modification for professional services 

Goodwill and fixed asset impairment 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory and equipment held for lease 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

R D grant liability 

Operating lease liability 

Deferred revenue 

Deferred tax liability 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Purchases of equipment held for lease 

Payments for patents and licenses 

Net cash acquired in business combination 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Net proceeds from warrant exercises 

Proceeds from issuance of shares and warrants pursuant to Securities Purchase Agreements 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible debt - related party 

Offering costs of Securities Purchase Agreements 

Principal payments on notes payable 

Fractional share payments related to the reverse stock split 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and restricted cash 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and restricted cash 

Cash and restricted cash - beginning of period 

Cash and restricted cash - end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Taxes 

NONCASH FINANCING AND INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Issuance of common stock for conversion of preferred stock after closing of reverse recapitalization 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

Fair value of shares issued for cashless warrant exercises 

Net transfers to inventory from equipment held for lease 

Fair value of warrant modifications pursuant to Securities Purchase Agreements 

Fair value of warrant liabilities on date of exercise 

Fair value of warrant modifications for business acquisition 

ACQUISITION: 

Fair value of assets acquired 

Fair value of liabilities assumed, net of goodwill 

Fair value of Alpha Capital/Qualigen warrants repriced due to acquisition 

Fair value of Qualigen prefunded warrant issued in exchange for NanoSynex stock 

Fair value of Qualigen common stock issued in exchange for NanoSynex stock 

Net cash acquired in business combination (Note 3) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

44 

QUALIGEN
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock of NanoSynex, Ltd. NanoSynex from Alpha
Capital Anstalt Alpha Capital ), a related party, in exchange for reverse split adjusted shares of the Company s common stock and a prefunded warrant
to purchase reverse split adjusted shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. . Concurrently with this transaction,
the Company also purchased shares of Series B preferred stock from NanoSynex for a total purchase price of . The transactions
resulted in the Company acquiring a interest in NanoSynex. The Company envisions future synergies from the integration of its own
proprietary results-proven FastPack diagnostics platform with the innovative NanoSynex technology. NanoSynex is a micro-biologics diagnostics
company domiciled in Israel. 

related to the NanoSynex acquisition. 

Less Reserves and Allowances 

Accounts receivable,
 net 

and ,
respectively, for the years December 31, 2022 and 2021. Other shipping and handling costs included in general and administrative, research
and development, and sales and marketing expenses totaled approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. 

If
the license to the Company s intellectual property is determined to be distinct from the other performance obligations identified
in the arrangement, the Company recognizes revenue from nonrefundable upfront fees allocated to the license when the license is transferred
to the customer and the customer can benefit from the license. For licenses that are bundled with other performance obligations, management
uses judgment to assess the nature of the combined performance obligation to determine whether the combined performance obligation is
satisfied over time or at a point in time and, if over time, the appropriate method of measuring progress for purposes of recognizing
revenue from nonrefundable upfront fees. The Company evaluates the measure of progress each reporting period and, if necessary, adjusts
the measure of progress and related revenue recognition. During years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized license
revenue of approximately 0 and , respectively. 

Contract
Asset and Liability Balances 

The
timing of the Company s revenue recognition may differ from the timing of payment by the Company s customers. The Company
records a receivable when revenue is recognized prior to payment and there is an unconditional right to payment. Alternatively, when
payment precedes the performance of the related services, the Company records deferred revenue until the performance obligations are
satisfied. 

Multiple
performance obligations include contracts that combine both the Company s analyzer and a customer s future reagent purchases
under a single contract. In some sales contracts, the Company provides analyzers at no charge to customers. Title to the analyzer is
maintained by the Company and the analyzer is returned by the customer to the Company at the end of the purchase agreement. 

During
the years December 31, 2022 and 2021, product sales are stated net of an allowance for estimated returns of approximately and
 , respectively. 

years 
 
 Computer
 equipment 
 
 years 
 
 Molds
 and tooling 
 
 years 
 
 Furniture
 and fixtures 
 
 years 

Leasehold
improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term or their estimated useful lives. The Company occasionally
designs and builds its own machinery. The costs of these projects, which includes the cost of construction and other direct costs attributable
to the construction, are capitalized as construction in progress. No provision for depreciation is made on construction in progress until
the relevant assets are completed and placed in service. 

The
Company s policy is to evaluate the remaining lives and recoverability of long-term assets on at least an annual basis or when
conditions are present that indicate impairment. 

non-cash goodwill and fixed asset impairment charge in the valuation of its business acquisition of NanoSynex for the year ended
December 30, 2022. For more information, refer to Note 1 - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates
and Note 7 - Goodwill, IPR D and other Intangibles. 

Costs
related to acquiring patents and licenses are capitalized and amortized over their estimated useful lives, which is generally to 
years, using the straight-line method. Amortization of patents and licenses commences once final approval of the patent or license has
been obtained. Patent and license costs are charged to operations if it is determined that the patent or license will not be obtained. 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and are included
in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Warranty costs were approximately and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in cost of product sales in the Consolidated Statements
of Operations. 

and at
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million in cash and an accumulated deficit of million. For the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company used cash of million and million, respectively, in operations. The Company s
cash balances are expected to fund operations into the third quarter of 2023. As a pre-clinical development-stage therapeutics biotechnology
company, the Company expects to continue to have net losses and negative cash flow from operations, which over time will challenge its
liquidity. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the one-year period
following the date that these financial statements were issued. 

There
is no assurance that profitable operations will ever be achieved, or, if achieved, could be sustained on a continuing basis. In order
to fully execute its business plan, the Company will require significant additional financing for planned research and development activities,
capital expenditures, clinical and pre-clinical testing for its QN-302 clinical trials, preclinical development of RAS and QN-247, and
funding for NanoSynex operations (See Note 3-Acquisition), as well as commercialization activities. 

Historically,
the Company s principal sources of cash have included proceeds from the issuance of common and preferred equity and proceeds
from the issuance of debt. In December 2021, the Company raised 
million from the issuance of common stock to several institutional investors, and in December 2022 the Company raised 
million from the sale of a convertible debt - related party (see Note 11-Convertible Debt - Related Party). 

There
can be no assurance that further financing can be obtained on favorable terms, or at all. If we are unable to obtain funding, we could
be required to delay, reduce or eliminate research and development programs, product portfolio expansion or future commercialization
efforts, which could adversely affect our business prospects. 

As
a condition to the NanoSynex closing, the Company agreed to provide NanoSynex with up to million of future funding based on NanoSynex s
achievement of certain future development milestones and subject to other terms and conditions described in the Master Agreement for
the Operational and Technological Funding of NanoSynex (the Funding Agreement entered into with NanoSynex. These funding
commitments are in the form of convertible promissory notes to be issued to The Company provided funding to NanoSynex of million
during 2022 pursuant to this agreement. The Company may terminate the Funding Agreement upon 120 days notice, but would still
be liable for any payments due for milestones achieved prior to termination. 

To
the extent that the Company raises additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interests
of its common stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely
affect the rights of our common stockholders. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or
restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends.
If the Company raises additional funds through government or other third-party funding, commercialization, marketing and distribution
arrangements or other collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, it may have to relinquish valuable
rights to its technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be
favorable to the Company. Additional funding may not be available to the Company on acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, any future
financing (depending on the terms and conditions) may be subject to the approval of Alpha Capital, the holder of the Company s
8 Senior Convertible Debenture (the Debenture ), or trigger certain adjustments to the Debenture or warrants held by Alpha
Capital. 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that would be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern, and therefore, be
required to liquidate its assets and discharge its liabilities in other than the normal course of business and at amounts that may differ
from those reflected in the accompanying financial statements 

voting equity interest in NanoSynex on May 26, 2022 (the NanoSynex Acquisition Date through: (1) the purchase of 
shares Preferred A-1 Stock of NanoSynex from Alpha Capital (a related party) for 
reverse split adjusted shares of the Company s common stock and a prefunded warrant to purchase 
reverse split adjusted shares of the Company s common stock at a purchase price of 
per share , and (2) the purchase of 
shares of Series B preferred stock of NanoSynex from NanoSynex in exchange for 
(collectively, the NanoSynex Acquisition ). 

The
acquisition of the majority interest of NanoSynex was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method, in accordance
with FASB ASC Topic 805. Identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree are recognized
and measured as of the acquisition date at fair value. Determining the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and noncontrolling
interest requires management s judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions
with respect to future cash flows, discount rates and asset lives among other items. The Company uses third-party valuations for intangible
assets in a business combination using a discounted cash flow analysis, incorporating various assumptions. 

FMV of shares of Qualigen stock issued to Alpha Capital Anstalt 

FMV of 
 shares of Qualigen stock related to prefunded warrant issued to Alpha Capital Anstalt (See Note 15) 

Total consideration paid for NanoSynex preferred stock 

FMV of consideration related to related to repricing of shares of Alpha Capital/Qualigen warrants 

NanoSynex cash acquired 

Total consideration transferred, net of cash acquired 

Property and equipment 

In process R D 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

R D grant liability 

Short term debt 

Deferred tax liability 

Noncontrolling interest assumed 

Identifiable net assets acquired 

Goodwill 

Total consideration transferred, net of cash acquired 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made measurement period adjustments to the preliminary purchase price allocation which
included: (i) a decrease to noncontrolling interest of , (ii) a decrease to goodwill of . The measurement period adjustments
were made to reflect facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date and is reflected in the table above. 

Company
transaction costs, which were immaterial, have been expensed as incurred and charged to the Company s consolidated statements of
operations and comprehensive loss. There was no provision for reimbursement of transaction costs from the Company to NanoSynex. 

Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired as of the acquisition date. Goodwill represents
the value of the future technology to be developed in excess of the identifiable assets as well as the operational synergies of the combined
companies to be recognized. Goodwill has an indefinite useful life and is not amortized. None of the Goodwill is expected to be deductible
for tax purposes. 

As
a condition to the closing, the Company agreed to provide NanoSynex with up to million of future funding based on NanoSynex s
achievement of certain future development milestones and subject to other terms and conditions described in the Funding Agreement entered
into with NanoSynex. (See Note 2-Liquidity for further details regarding the terms and conditions of the Funding Agreement). 

The
Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 include
approximately million and , respectively, of net loss associated with the results of operations of NanoSynex from the NanoSynex
Acquisition Date. 

The
following proforma information has been prepared as if the NanoSynex Acquisition occurred on January 1, 2021. The following unaudited
supplemental proforma consolidated results do not purport to reflect what the combined Company s results of operations would have
been, nor do they project the future results of operations of the combined Company. The unaudited supplemental proforma consolidated
results reflect the historical financial information of the Company and NanoSynex, adjusted to give effect to the NanoSynex Acquisition
as if it had occurred on January 1, 2021, as well as to record NanoSynex stock compensation expense and to record the net loss related
to the non-controlling interest, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles: 

Net loss attributable to Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. 

Work in process 

Finished goods 

Total inventory 

Prepaid manufacturing expenses 

Other prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Prepaid expenses and
 other current assets 

Computer equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Molds and tooling 

Furniture and fixtures 

Equipment held for lease 

Property and equipment, gross 

Accumulated depreciation 

Fixed asset impairment 

Property and equipment,
 net 

Depreciation
expense relating to property and equipment was approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Upon
termination of the Sekisui Distribution Agreement on March 31, 2022, the Company had a commitment to purchase leased FastPack rental
systems back from Sekisui at Sekisui s net book value, which was determined to be approximately . This amount is included
in equipment held for lease in the table above and in accrued expenses at December 31, 2022. An assignment agreement is to be executed
by both parties to legally transfer title to this equipment from Sekisui to Qualigen. 

Finite-lived intangible assets: 

Developed-product-technology rights 
 - years 

Licensing rights 
 years 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

Total finite-lived intangible assets, net 

Indefinite-lived intangible assets: 

In-process research and development 

Total other intangible assets, net 

The
Company periodically reviews goodwill for impairment in accordance with relevant accounting standards. Goodwill is attributable to
the NanoSynex Acquisition. Goodwill and intangible assets are recognized at fair value during the period in which an acquisition is
completed, from updated estimates during the measurement period, or when they are considered to be impaired. These non-recurring
fair value measurements, primarily for goodwill and intangible assets acquired, were based on Level 3 inputs. The Company estimates
the fair value of long-lived assets on a non-recurring basis based on a market valuation approach, engaging independent valuation
experts to assist in the determination of fair value. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, in conjunction with the annual
impairment assessment, the Company determined that the fair value of the reporting unit was less than the carrying value. In
addition to continued losses in the reporting unit, the Company considered macroeconomic conditions including a deterioration in the
equity markets evidenced by sustained declines in the Company s stock price, peer companies, and major market indices since
the acquisition date. The Company engaged independent valuation experts to assist in determining the fair value of the reporting
unit. As a result of this analysis, the Company recorded a goodwill and fixed asset impairment charge associated with the reporting unit. There were impairments
to intangible assets and goodwill during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
carrying value of the patents of approximately and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, are stated
net of accumulated amortization of approximately and , respectively. Amortization of patents charged to operations for
the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were approximately and , respectively. Total future estimated amortization
of patent costs for the five succeeding years is approximately for the year ending December 31, 2023, approximately for
the year ending December 31, 2024, approximately for years 2025, 2026 and 2027, and approximately thereafter. 

The
carrying value of the licenses of approximately and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are stated net of accumulated
amortization of approximately and , respectively. Amortization of licenses charged to operations for the year ended
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was approximately and , respectively. Total future estimated amortization of license
costs for the five succeeding years is approximately for the year ending December 31, 2023. 

Equipment held for lease 

Franchise, sales and use taxes 

Income taxes 

Interest (Convertible debt - related party) 

Payroll 

Professional fees 

Research and development 

Royalties 

Warranty liability 

License fees 

Other 

Accrued liabilities 

, and aggregate accrued interest of for a total outstanding
balance of as of December 31, 2022. The Notes all accrue interest at per annum, accrued daily, and provide that the full
amount of principal and interest under each Note shall be due immediately prior to a Liquidation Event (the Maturity Date) unless due
earlier in accordance with the terms of the Notes. Liquidation Event means either i) the merger or consolidation of NanoSynex
into any other entity, other than one in control or under control of NanoSynex or NanoSynex s majority shareholder; ii) a transaction
or series of transactions resulting in the transfer of all or substantially all of NanoSynex s assets or issued and outstanding
share capital (other than to a company under the control of NanoSynex or NanoSynex s majority shareholders; or iii) an underwritten
public offering by NanoSynex of its ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the above, if NanoSynex receives subsequent debt, convertible debt,
or equity funding with gross proceeds of USD or more, then these Notes shall be due and payable upon the actual receipt of
such funding. 

per share, subject to adjustment. As of December
31, 2022, the warrants have remaining terms ranging from 
 to 
 years. The warrants were determined to be liability-classified
pursuant to the guidance in ASC 480 and ASC 815-40, resulting from inclusion of a leveraged ratchet provision for subsequent dilutive
issuances. On April 25, 2022 the warrants were repriced from 
 to 
 with an additional 
 ratchet shares issued, and on May 26 2022 the
warrants were repriced from 
 to 
 with an additional 
 ratchet shares issued. On December 22, 2022 the
warrants were repriced again from 
 to 
 with an additional 
 ratchet shares issued. 

Additionally,
on December 22, 2022, in conjunction with the issuance of Convertible Debt - Related Party (Note 11), the Company issued to
Alpha Capital a warrant to purchase 
shares of the Company s common stock. The exercise price of the warrant is 
(equal to 
of the conversion price of the Debenture on the closing date). The warrant may be exercised by Alpha, in whole or in part, at any
time on or after June 22, 2023 and before June 22, 2028, subject to certain terms conditions described in the warrant, including the
Company s receipt of the necessary stockholder approvals. 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Granted 

Total outstanding December 31, 2022 

- 

Exercisable 

The
following table summarizes the activity in the Common Stock Warrants received in exchange for the Series C Warrants for the year ended
December 31, 2021: 

Common Stock Warrants 

Shares 
 Weighted Average Exercise 
 Price 
 Range of Exercise Price 
 Weighted Average Remaining 
 Life (Years) 
 
 Total outstanding December 31, 2020 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Granted 

Total outstanding December 31, 2021 

Exercisable 

Exercises 

Issuance of Alpha warrants 

Gain on change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The
following table presents the Company s fair value hierarchy for its Common Stock Warrant liabilities (all of which arose under
the warrants received in exchange for the Series C Warrants) measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2021: 

Quoted 

Market 
 Significant 

Prices for 
 Other 
 Significant 

Identical 
 Observable 
 Unobservable 

Assets 
 Inputs 
 Inputs 

Common Stock Warrant liabilities 
 (Level 1) 
 (Level 2) 
 (Level 3) 
 Total 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Exercises 

Gain on change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

There
were no transfers of financial assets or liabilities between category levels for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
value of the warrant liabilities was based on a valuation received from an independent valuation firm determined using a Monte-Carlo
simulation. For volatility, the Company considers comparable public companies as a basis for its expected volatility to calculate the
fair value of common stock warrants and transitions to its own volatility as the Company develops sufficient appropriate history as a
public company. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury notes with a term approximating the expected term of the common
stock warrant. The Company uses an expected dividend yield of zero based on the fact that the Company has never paid cash dividends and
does not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any significant changes in the inputs may result in significantly higher
or lower fair value measurements. 

Expected volatility (peer group) 
 88 

84 

Term of warrants (in years) 

Expected dividend yield 

The
value of the warrant liabilities is based on a valuation received from an independent valuation firm determined using a Monte-Carlo simulation. 

Senior Convertible Debenture in the aggregate principal amount of 
for a purchase price of pursuant to the terms of a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 21, 2022 (the Alpha
Purchase Agreement ). The Debenture is convertible, at any time, and from time to time, at Alpha s option, into shares of
common stock of the Company (the Conversion Shares ), at a price equal to per share, subject to adjustment as described
in the Debenture (the Conversion Price and other terms and conditions described in the Debenture, including the Company s
receipt of the requisite stockholder approvals. Additionally, on December 22, 2022, the Company issued to Alpha Capital a liability classified warrant to purchase
 shares of the Company s common stock (see Note 10-Warrant Liabilities). The exercise price of the warrant is (equal to of the conversion
price of the Debenture on the closing date). The warrant may be exercised by Alpha Capital, in whole or in part, at any time on or after
June 22, 2023 and before June 22, 2028, subject to certain terms conditions described in the warrant, including the Company s receipt
of the necessary stockholder approvals. 

The
proceeds from the transaction will be dedicated to the Company s efforts of advancing its QN-302 Investigative New Drug candidate
towards clinical trials and other working capital purposes. 

Commencing
June 1, 2023 and continuing on the first day of each month thereafter until the earlier of (i) December 22, 2025 and (ii) the full redemption
of the Debenture (each such date, a Monthly Redemption Date ), the Company will redeem plus accrued but unpaid
interest, liquidated damages and any amounts then owing under the Debenture (the Monthly Redemption Amount ). The Monthly
Redemption Amount will be paid in cash; provided that after the first two monthly redemptions, the Company may elect to pay all or a
portion of a Monthly Redemption Amount in shares of common stock of the Company, based on a conversion price equal to the lesser of (i)
the then Conversion Price of the Debenture and (ii) of the average of the VWAPs (as defined in the Debenture) for the five consecutive
trading days ending on the trading day that is immediately prior to the applicable Monthly Redemption Date. The Company may also redeem
some or all of the then outstanding principal amount of the Debenture at any time for cash in an amount equal to of the then outstanding
principal amount of the Debenture being redeemed plus accrued but unpaid interest, liquidated damages and any amounts then owing under
the Debenture. These monthly redemption and optional redemptions are subject to the satisfaction of the Equity Conditions (as defined
in the Debenture), which includes a condition that we have obtained stockholder approval for such share issuances. 

The
Debenture accrues interest at the rate of per annum, which does not begin accruing until December 1, 2023, and will be payable on
a quarterly basis. Interest may be paid in cash or shares of common stock of the Company or a combination thereof at the option of the
Company; provided that interest may only be paid in shares if the Equity Conditions have been satisfied, including the stockholder approval
condition as described above. 

Both
the Debenture and the Alpha Warrant provide for adjustments to the Conversion Price and Exercise Price, respectively, in connection with
stock dividends and splits, subsequent equity sales and rights offerings, pro rata distributions, and certain fundamental transactions.
Both the Debenture and the Alpha Warrant include a beneficial ownership blocker of 9.99 , which may only be waived by Alpha Capital upon
61 days notice to the Company. 

The
Company filed a registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-269088) with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 30, 2022
registering the resale by Alpha Capital of an aggregate of shares of our common stock, which may be issuable to the selling
stockholder pursuant to the terms of the Debenture and Alpha Warrant. 

The
Company evaluated the Debenture and Alpha Warrants Warrants and determined that the Warrants are freestanding financial
instruments. The Warrants are not considered indexed to an entity s own stock, because the settlement amount would not equal the
difference between the fair value of a fixed number of the entity s equity shares and a fixed strike price and all of the adjustment
features in Section 3(b) of the warrant agreement are not down round provisions, as defined in ASU 2017-11. Accordingly, the warrants
are classified as a liability and recognized at fair value, with subsequent changes in fair value recognized in earnings. 

The
proceeds were allocated to the initial fair value of the Warrants, with the residual balance allocated to the initial carrying value
of the Debenture. The Company has not elected the fair value option for the Debenture. The Debenture was recognized at proceeds received
after allocating the proceeds to the Warrants, and then allocating remaining proceeds to a suite of bifurcated embedded derivative features
(conversion option, contingent acceleration upon an Event of Default, and contingent interest upon an Event of Default), with the resulting
difference, if any, allocated to the loan host instrument. The suite of derivative features was measured and determined to have no fair
value. 

The
original issue discount million), the initial fair value of the Warrant million), the initial fair value of the suite of
bifurcated embedded derivative features ), and the fees and costs paid to Alpha Capital and other third parties million) comprise
the debt discount. 

The
debt discount shall be amortized to interest expense over the expected term of the Debenture using the effective interest method, in
accordance with ASC 835-30. The debt host instrument of the Debenture will subsequently be measured at amortized cost using the effective
interest method to accrete interest over its term to bring the Debenture s initial carrying value to the principal balance at maturity. 

Discount on convertible debenture 

Total convertible debt - related party 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were no events of default or violation of any covenants under our financing obligations. 

Basic weighted-average common shares outstanding 

Dilutive potential shares issuable from stock options and warrants 

Diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding 

Shares of common stock subject to outstanding warrants 

Total common stock equivalents 

Potentially
dilutive common shares excluded from the calculation above represent stock options and warrants because their effect would be anti-dilutive. 

-square-feet headquarters/manufacturing facility at 2042 Corte del Nogal, Carlsbad, California for
the -month period of . Over the months, the base rent payable by Qualigen, Inc. will total
 ; however, the base rent for the first 12 months of the -month period is only . Additionally, under the Second Amendment
to Lease Qualigen, Inc. is entitled to a tenant improvement allowance. 

Less amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets 

Operating lease right-of-use assets at December 31, 2022 

Operating lease 
liabilities 
 
 Lease liabilities at December 31, 2021 

Less principal payments on operating lease liabilities 

Lease liabilities at December 31, 2022 

Less non-current portion 

Current portion at December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company s operating leases have a weighted-average remaining lease term of years and a weighted-average
discount rate of . 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

Less present value discount 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total
lease expense was approximately and , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Lease
expense was recorded in cost of product sales, general and administrative expenses, research and development and sales and marketing
expenses. 

Termination
of Sekisui Distribution Agreement 

Sekisui s
Distribution Arrangement expired on March 31, 2022. Following the expiration of the Sekisui Distribution Agreement on March 31, 2022,
the Company had a commitment to purchase leased FastPack rental systems back from Sekisui at Sekisui s net book value, in the amount
of which is included in equipment held for lease and accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheet. 

NanoSynex
Funding Commitment 

As
a condition to the NanoSynex Acquisition, the Company agreed to provide NanoSynex with up to million of future funding in the form
of promissory notes to the Company based on NanoSynex s achievement of certain future development milestones and subject to other
terms and conditions described in the Funding Agreement entered into with NanoSynex. Of this amount approximately million was funded
during the year ended December 31, 2022, and an additional million was funded in February 2023 (See Note 2-Liquidity for further details regarding the terms and conditions of the Funding Agreement). 

Litigation
and Other Legal Proceedings 

On
November 9, 2021, the Company was named as a defendant in an action brought by Mediant Communications Inc. Mediant in
the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The complaint alleged that Qualigen entered into an implied contract with
Mediant, whereby Qualigen retained Mediant to distribute proxy materials and subsequently conduct shareholder vote tabulations. The Company
filed a Motion to Dismiss with the District Court and on March 14, 2022 a hearing was held during which the presiding judge ruled in
favor of the Motion to Dismiss. The Company and Mediant settled the litigation on April 5, 2022 in the amount of , at which time
the amount was paid. 

for this program. In February 2021, March 2022,
and October 2022, the Company extended the term of this agreement until September 2023 and increased the amount that the Company will
reimburse ULRF for sponsored research expenses to approximately 
 million. 
 to
 
 upon
the achievement of certain regulatory and commercial milestones. Milestone
payments for the first therapeutic indication would be 
 for first dosing in a Phase 1 clinical trial,
 
 for first dosing in a Phase 2 clinical trial,
 
 for first dosing in a Phase 3 clinical trial,
 
 for regulatory marketing approval and 
 upon achieving a cumulative 
 of Licensed Product sales. The Company also must
pay ULRF shortfall payments if the total amounts actually paid with respect to royalties and non-royalty sublicensee income for any year
is less than the applicable annual minimum (ranging from 
 to for such year. 

Sponsored
research expenses related to these agreements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were approximately 
and , respectively, and are recorded in research and development expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. License
costs related to these agreements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were approximately and ,
respectively, and are included in research and development expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Between
June 2018 and September 2020, the Company entered into license and sponsored research agreements with the University of Louisville
Research Foundation ULRF for QN-247, a novel aptamer-based compound that has shown promise as an anticancer drug.
Under the agreements, the Company took over development, regulatory approval and commercialization of the compound from ULRF and is
responsible for maintenance of the related intellectual property portfolio. In return, ULRF received a 
convertible promissory note in payment of an upfront license fee, which was subsequently converted into the Company s common
stock, and the Company agreed to reimburse ULRF for sponsored research expenses of up to 
and prior patent costs of up to .
The sponsored research agreement ended on August 31, 2022. 
to 
upon the achievement of certain regulatory and commercial milestones. Milestone payments for the first therapeutic indication
would be 
for first dosing in a Phase 1 clinical trial, 
for first dosing in a Phase 2 clinical trial, 
for first dosing in a Phase 3 clinical trial, 
for regulatory marketing approval and 
upon achieving a cumulative 
of Licensed Product sales; the Company would also pay another 
milestone payment for any additional regulatory marketing approval for each additional therapeutic (or diagnostic) indication. The
Company also must pay ULRF shortfall payments if the total amounts actually paid with respect to royalties and non-royalty
sublicensee income for any year is less than the applicable annual minimum (ranging from 
to for such year. 

Sponsored
research expenses related to these agreements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were approximately 
and , respectively, and these amounts are recorded in research and development expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Minimum annual royalties of and related to these agreements are included in research and development expenses in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. License costs related to these agreements
were approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and are included in
research and development expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

In
June 2020, the Company entered into an exclusive license agreement with ULRF for its intellectual property in the use of QN-165 as a
treatment for COVID-19. Under the agreement, the Company took over development, regulatory approval and commercialization of the
compound (for such use) from ULRF and was responsible for maintenance of the related intellectual property portfolio. In return,
ULRF received approximately for
an upfront license fee and reimbursement of prior patent costs. In addition, the Company executed a sponsored research agreement
with ULRF (for QN-165 as a treatment for COVID-19) supporting up to . This sponsored research agreement expired in November 2021 and effective October 31, 2022 the license agreement for
QN-165 was terminated. 

Sponsored
research expenses related to these agreements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were approximately and ,
respectively, and are recorded in research and development expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. License costs related
to these agreements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were approximately and , respectively,
and are included in research and development expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Advanced
Cancer Therapeutics 

In
December 2018, . In return, ACT received a convertible
promissory note in payment of an upfront license fee, which was subsequently converted into the Company s common stock. In addition,
the Company agreed to pay ACT (i) royalties, on net sales associated with the commercialization of QN-165, of 2 (only if patent-covered
and only on net sales above a cumulative or 1 (if not patent-covered, but only on net sales above a cumulative ),
until the 15th anniversary of the ACT license agreement and (ii) milestone payments of for the Company raising a cumulative
total of in new equity financing after the date of the ACT license agreement, upon any first QN-165-based licensed
product receiving the CE Mark or similar FDA status, and upon cumulative worldwide QN-165-based licensed product net sales reaching
 . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were approximately and , respectively in costs
related to this agreement which are included in research and development expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Yi
Xin 

In October 2020, through our wholly-owned diagnostics subsidiary Qualigen, Inc. we entered into a Technology Transfer
Agreement with Yi Xin Zhen Duan Jishu (Suzhou) Ltd. Yi Xin ), of Suzhou, China, for Yi Xin to develop, manufacture and sell
new generations of diagnostic test systems based on the Company s core FastPack technology. In addition, the Technology Transfer Agreement
authorized Yi Xin to manufacture and sell the Company s current generations of FastPack System diagnostic products (1.0, IP and PRO) in
China. 

The Company will receive low- to mid-single-digit royalties on any future new-generations and current-generations
product sales by Yi Xin. We received total net cash payments of approximately , of which approximately 
is classified as license revenue, and approximately is classified as product sales on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2021. The Company provided technology transfer and patent/know-how license rights to facilitate Yi Xin s development and commercialization. 

The Company gave Yi Xin the exclusive rights for China which is
a market we have not otherwise entered both for Yi Xin s new generations of FastPack-based products and for Yi Xin-manufactured
versions of our existing FastPack product lines. Yi Xin also has the right to sell its new generations of FastPack-based diagnostic test
systems throughout the world (but not to or toward current customers of our existing generations of FastPack products). After March 31,
2022, Yi Xin has the right to sell Yi Xin-manufactured versions of existing FastPack 1.0, IP and PRO product lines worldwide (other than
in the United States and other than to or toward current non-US customers of those products), as well as the right to buy Qualigen-manufactured
FastPack 1.0, IP and PRO products from us at distributor prices for resale in and for the United States (but not to or toward current
U.S. customers of those products). The Company did not license Yi Xin to sell in the U.S. market any Yi Xin-manufactured versions of those
legacy FastPack 1.0, IP and PRO product lines. In the Technology Transfer Agreement the Company also confirmed that after March 31, 2022
it would not seek new FastPack customers outside the U.S. 

STA
Pharmaceutical 

In
November 2020, the Company entered into a contract with STA Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of WuXi AppTec, for GMP production
of QN-165, which was the Company s lead drug candidate for the treatment of COVID-19 and other viral diseases. In connection with
this agreement, the Company paid an upfront deposit of approximately million which was classified as a prepaid expense on the December
31, 2020 Consolidated Balance Sheet date, and all of which was included in research and development expenses in the statement of operations
for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Research
and development expenses related to this agreement for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were approximately 
and million, respectively, and are recorded in research and development expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

UCL Business Limited 

In January 2022, the Company entered into a License
Agreement with UCL Business Limited to obtain an exclusive worldwide in-license of a genomic quadruplex (G4)-selective transcription inhibitor
drug development program which had been developed at University College London, including lead and back-up compounds, preclinical data
and a patent estate. (UCL Business Limited is the commercialization company for University College London.) The program s lead compound
is now being developed at Qualigen under the name QN-302 as a candidate for treatment for pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC), which
represents the vast majority of pancreatic cancers. The License Agreement required a upfront payment, reimbursement of past patent
prosecution expenses (approximately ), and (if and when applicable) tiered royalty payments in the low to mid-single digits, clinical/regulatory/sales
milestone payments and a percentage of any non-royalty sublicensing consideration paid to Qualigen. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were license costs of approximately and , respectively,
related to this agreement which are included in research and development expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

reverse split adjusted shares of Company common stock at a reverse split adjusted exercise price of 
per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of 
million. 

On
December 22, 2022, the Company issued to Alpha Capital, an 
Senior Convertible Debenture in the aggregate principal amount of 
for a purchase price of 
pursuant to the terms of a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 21, 2022. The Debenture is convertible, at any time, and
from time to time, at Alpha s option, into shares of common stock of the Company, at a price equal to 
per share, and other terms and conditions described in the Debenture (see Note 11 -Convertible Debt - Related Party). As part of
this transaction, the Company issued to Alpha Capital a warrant to purchase 
shares of the Company s common stock (see Note 10-Warrant Liabilities). 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company has reserved shares of authorized but unissued common stock for possible future issuance. At
December 31, 2022, shares were reserved as follows: 

Exercise of stock warrants 

Total 

Preferred
Stock 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no shares of preferred stock outstanding. All shares of Series A, B, C, D, D-1 convertible preferred
stock were converted into common stock at the time of the May 2020 reverse recapitalization transaction. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the holder of Series Alpha convertible preferred stock converted of its shares of Series Alpha
convertible preferred stock into an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock. 

Stock
Options and Equity Classified Warrants 

Stock
Options 

The
Company recognizes all compensatory stock-based payments as compensation expense over the service period, which is generally the vesting
period. 

In
April 2020, the Company adopted the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan which provides for the grant of incentive
or non-statutory common stock options, restricted stock, stock bonus awards, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units and performance
awards to qualified employees, officers, directors, consultants and other service providers. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021
there were and outstanding stock options, respectively, under the 2020 Plan and there were and of Plan
shares available, respectively, for future grant. 

Granted 

Expired 

- 

Forfeited 

- 

Total outstanding December 31, 2022 

Exercisable (vested) 

Non-Exercisable (non-vested) 

The
following represents a summary of the options granted (under the 2020 Plan and otherwise) to employees and non-employee service providers
that were outstanding at December 31, 2021, and changes during the twelve months then ended: 

Shares 
 Weighted 
 Average Exercise Price 
 Range
 of Exercise Price 
 Weighted 
 Average Remaining Life (Years) 
 
 Total outstanding December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Expired 

Forfeited 

Total outstanding December 31, 2021 

Exercisable (vested) 

Non-Exercisable (non-vested) 

There
was approximately million and million of compensation costs related to outstanding options for the year ended December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately million of total unrecognized compensation
cost related to unvested stock-based compensation arrangements. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period
of years. 

stock options were exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

The options awarded under the 2020 Plan will vest as determined by the Board of Directors but will not exceed a 10-year
period. The weighted average grant date fair value per share of the shares underlying options granted during the year ended December
31, 2022 was and during the year ended December 31, 2021 was . 

Fair
Value of Equity Awards 

The
Company utilizes the Black-Scholes option pricing model to value awards under the 2020 Plan, and for equity classified compensatory warrants.
Key valuation assumptions include: 

Expected
 dividend yield. The expected dividend is assumed to be zero, as the Company has never paid dividends and has no current plans
 to pay any dividends on the Company s common stock. 

Expected
 stock-price volatility. The Company s expected volatility is derived from the average historical volatilities of publicly
 traded companies within the Company s industry that the Company considers to be comparable to the Company s business
 over a period approximately equal to the expected term. 

Risk-free
 interest rate. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of grant for zero coupon
 U.S. Treasury notes with maturities approximately equal to the expected term. 

Expected
 term. The expected term represents the period that the stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding. The Company s
 historical share option exercise experience does not provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate an expected term because of
 a lack of sufficient data. Therefore, the Company estimates the expected term by using the simplified method provided by the SEC.
 The simplified method calculates the expected term as the average of the time-to-vesting and the contractual life of the options. 

Expected stock-price volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected average term of options (in years) 

Stock price 
 
 - 

Research and development 

Total 

Equity
Classified Compensatory Warrants 

In
connection with the million
equity capital raise as part of the May 2020 reverse recapitalization transaction, the Company issued common stock warrants to an
advisor and its designees for the purchase of 
reverse split adjusted shares of the
Company s common stock at a reverse split adjusted exercise price of 0 per
share. The issuance cost of these warrants was charged to additional paid-in capital, and did not result in expense in the
Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss. 

In
addition, various service providers hold equity classified compensatory warrants issued in 2017 and earlier (originally exercisable to
purchase Series C convertible preferred stock, and now instead exercisable to purchase common stock) for the purchase of reverse split adjusted s hares
of Company common stock at a weighted average exercise price of per share. These are to be differentiated from the Series C Warrants
described in Note 10- Warrant Liabilities. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued equity classified compensatory warrants to a service provider for the purchase of
 
 reverse split adjusted shares of Company common stock at a
reverse split adjusted exercise price of 
per share. The fair value issuance cost of approximately 
 million
using the Black-Scholes options pricing model for these warrants was charged to general and administrative expenses in the Company s
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. On April 25, 2022, 
 warrants
were repriced from 
to a
reverse split adjusted exercise price of 6.00 and
extended from .
The increase in fair value of 
 using
a Monte Carlo pricing model for the modification of these warrants was charged to general and administrative expenses in the Company s
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. On April 25, 2022 and May 26, 2022 an additional reverse split adjusted
 warrants
were repriced from reverse split adjusted 11 
 to
 .
The increase in fair value of 
 using
a Monte Carlo pricing model for the modification of these warrants was charged to additional paid-in capital and did not result in expense
on the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. On December 22, 2022 
 warrants
were repriced from 
 to
 .
The increase in fair value of 
 using
a Monte Carlo pricing model for the modification of these warrants was charged to additional paid-in capital and did not result in expense
on the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

No
new compensatory warrants were issued during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Granted to advisor and its designees 

Exercised 

Expired 

Forfeited 

Total outstanding December 31, 2022 

Exercisable 

-

Non-Exercisable 

The
following table summarizes the equity classified compensatory warrant activity for the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Common Stock 

Shares 
 Weighted Average Exercise 
 Price 
 Range of Exercise Price 
 Weighted Average Remaining 
 Life (Years) 
 
 Total outstanding December 31, 2020 

Granted to advisor and its designees 

Exercised 

Expired 

Forfeited 

Total outstanding December 31, 2021 

Exercisable 

Non-Exercisable 

There
were in compensation costs related to outstanding warrants for the year ended December 31, 2022 and million for the year
ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there was no unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested
warrants. 

Noncompensatory
Equity Classified Warrants 

In
May 2020, as a commitment fee, the Company issued noncompensatory equity classified warrants to Alpha Capital (a related party) for the purchase of 
reverse split adjusted shares of Company common stock at a reverse split adjusted exercise price of per
share (of which warrants for shares
were subsequently exercised in December 2020). In July 2020 the Company issued noncompensatory equity classified warrants to Alpha Capital for the purchase of 
reverse split adjusted shares
of Company common stock at a reverse split adjusted exercise price of per
share (which were subsequently exercised in July 2020), and reverse split adjusted shares of Company common stock at a
reverse split adjusted exercise price of per
share. In August 2020, the Company issued noncompensatory equity classified warrants to Alpha Capital for the purchase of 
reverse split adjusted shares of Company common stock at a reverse split adjusted exercise price of per
share. In December 2020, the Company issued noncompensatory equity classified warrants to Alpha Capital for the purchase of reverse
split adjusted shares of Company common stock at a reverse split adjusted exercise price of per
share (which were exercised in February 2021) and 
reverse split adjusted shares
of Company common stock at a reverse split adjusted exercise price of per
share. In May 2022, the Company issued noncompensatory equity classified warrants to Alpha Capital for the purchase of 
reverse split adjusted shares
of Company common stock at a reverse split adjusted exercise price of per
share (See Note 3 -Acquisition). 

On
November 29, 2021, with the exception of the warrants to purchase 
reverse split adjusted shares of the Company s common stock at a reverse split adjusted exercise price of 
per share, the exercise prices of all outstanding warrants to purchase a total of 
reverse split adjusted shares of the Company s common stock were modified to a reverse split adjusted exercise price of
 
per share and each of their remaining terms extended by six months. The fair value of the modification cost of these warrant
modifications of approximately 
million was charged to additional paid-in capital and did not result in expense on the Company s consolidated statements of
operations and comprehensive loss. In May 2022, pre-funded warrants to purchase 
reverse split adjusted shares of the Company s common stock at a reverse split adjusted exercise price of 
per share with no expiration date were issued. These warrants were subsequently exercised during the period ended September 30,
2022. 

In
conjunction with the NanoSynex Acquisition (See Note 3-Acquisition), on April 25, 2022 the exercise price of 
reverse split adjusted outstanding warrants at 
was modified to a reverse split adjusted exercise price of .
The increase in fair value of ,
using a Monte Carlo pricing model for the modification of these warrants, was charged to additional paid-in capital and did not
result in expense on the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. On May 26, 2022, the
reverse split adjusted exercise price of these warrants was modified again to ,
and the increase in fair value of ,
using a Monte Carlo pricing model for the modification of these warrants, was included in consideration transferred in the NanoSynex
Acquisition. On December 22, 2022 the exercise price of these warrants was modified again to .
The increase in fair value of ,
using a Monte Carlo pricing model for the modification of those warrants, was charged to additional paid-in capital and did not
result in expense on the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

Forfeited 

Total outstanding December 31, 2022 

- 

Exercisable 

- 

Non-Exercisable 

The
following table summarizes the noncompensatory equity classified warrant activity for the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Common
 Stock 

Shares 
 Weighted 
 Average Exercise Price 
 Range
 of Exercise Price 
 Weighted 
 Average Remaining Life (Years) 
 
 Total outstanding December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

Forfeited 

Total outstanding December 31, 2021 

Exercisable 

Non-Exercisable 

Senior Convertible Debenture in the aggregate principal amount of for a purchase price of pursuant
to the terms of a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 21, 2022 (the Alpha Purchase Agreement ). The Debenture is
convertible, at any time, and from time to time, at Alpha s option, into shares of common stock of the Company (the Conversion
Shares ), at a price equal to per share, subject to adjustment as described in the Debenture (the Conversion Price and other terms and conditions described in the Debenture, including the Company s receipt of the requisite stockholder approvals
(See Note 11 -Convertible Debt - Related Party). 

Short-Term Debt 

NanoSynex has four separate notes payable (the Notes outstanding to Alpha Capital, dated between March
26, 2020 and September 2, 2021, aggregating to a total principal outstanding balance of , and aggregate accrued interest of 
for a total outstanding balance of as of December 31, 2022. The Notes all accrue interest at per annum, accrued daily,
and provide that the full amount of principal and interest under each Note shall be due immediately prior to a Liquidation Event (the
Maturity Date) unless due earlier in accordance with the terms of the Notes. Liquidation Event means either i) the merger
or consolidation of NanoSynex into any other entity, other than one in control or under control of NanoSynex or NanoSynex s majority shareholder;
ii) a transaction or series of transactions resulting in the transfer of all or substantially all of NanoSynex s assets or issued and
outstanding share capital (other than to a company under the control of NanoSynex or NanoSynex s majority shareholders; or iii) an underwritten
public offering by NanoSynex of its ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the above, if NanoSynex receives subsequent debt, convertible debt,
or equity funding with gross proceeds of USD or more, then these Notes shall be due and payable upon the actual receipt of
such funding (See Note 9 -Short-term Debt - Related Party). 

Nanosynex Acquisition 

The Company acquired a voting equity interest
in NanoSynex on May 26, 2022 (the NanoSynex Acquisition Date through: (1) the purchase of shares Preferred A-1
Stock of NanoSynex from Alpha Capital (a related party) for reverse split adjusted shares of the Company s common stock and a
prefunded warrant to purchase reverse split adjusted shares of the Company s common stock at a purchase price of per share , and (2) the purchase of shares of Series B preferred stock
of NanoSynex from NanoSynex in exchange for (See Note 3 - Acquisition). 

Foreign 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Non-deductible expenses 
 - 
 - 
 
 NOL expiration 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax credit 

Goodwill impairment 
 - 

Foreign rate differential 

Change in FV of warrant liability 

True-up 
 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income taxes provision (benefit) 
 
 - 

Foreign 

Total current provision 

Deferred 

US Federal 

US State 

Foreign 

Total deferred benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total provision (benefit) for income taxes 

Research and development credits 

Accrued expenses 

Patent 

Stock compensation 

Research and development expenses 

Fixed assets 

Total deferred income tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Intangible assets 

Right-of-use asset 

Total deferred income tax liabilities 

Net deferred income tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 

Based
on the available objective evidence, including the Company s history of cumulative losses, management believes it is likely that
the Company s U.S. federal and state net deferred tax assets will not be realizable. Accordingly, the Company provided for a full
valuation allowance against its U.S. federal and state net deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Due
to the full valuation allowance already in place on the Company s U.S. federal and state net deferred tax assets, the Company does
not anticipate significant changes in the Company s effective tax rate. However, there is no valuation allowance recorded against
the Company s foreign net operating loss deferred tax assets, as the Company s foreign IPR D deferred tax liabilities
and foreign net operating loss deferred tax assets are both indefinite-lived and thus they may be netted to arrive at a net foreign deferred
tax liability. This results in of foreign deferred tax benefit recorded to the income statement in 2022. 

The
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act resulted in significant changes to the treatment of research or experimental R E expenditures
under Section 174. For tax years beginning after December 31, 2021, taxpayers are required to capitalize and amortize all R E expenditures
that are paid or incurred in connection with their trade or business which represent costs in the experimental or laboratory sense. Specifically,
costs for U.S. based R E activities must be amortized over five years and costs for foreign R E activities must be amortized
over 15 years; both using a midyear convention. The Company has incorporated the impact of this new tax legislation into its 2022 consolidated
financial statements, noting that the impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements was immaterial. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company has U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately and ,
respectively, which are available to offset future taxable income. U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryovers began to expire
in 2020. As a result of the May 2020 reverse recapitalization, an ownership change has occurred. The Company has not completed an Internal
Revenue Code Section 382 analysis. As a result, there could be substantial limitations on the Company s ability to utilize its
pre-ownership change net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. These substantial limitations may result in both a permanent loss
of certain tax benefits related to net operating loss carryforwards and federal research and development credits, and an annual utilization
limitation. At December 31, 2022, the Company has foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately , which are available
to offset future taxable income. Foreign net operating loss carryovers are indefinite lived and do not expire. 

The
Company also has research and development credit carryforwards for federal and state tax purposes of approximately and ,
respectively. . 

U.S.
income tax has not been recognized on the excess of the amount for financial reporting over the tax basis of investments in foreign subsidiaries
that is indefinitely reinvested outside the United States. This amount becomes taxable upon a repatriation of assets from the subsidiary
or a sale or liquidation of the subsidiary. Determination of the amount of any unrecognized deferred income tax liability on this temporary
difference is not practicable because of the complexities of the hypothetical calculation. 

The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in various states. The Company s U.S. federal income tax
returns remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company s California income tax returns remain subject
to examination by the California Franchise Tax Board. Due to net operating losses, research and development credits and other tax credit
carryforwards that may be utilized in future years, all U.S. federal and state tax years are open to examination. 

Generally
accepted accounting principles clarify the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the Company s financial statements
and prescribe thresholds for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax
return, and also provide guidance on de-recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.
The Company adopted these provisions effective April 1, 2009. 

The
Company did t have any unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and does not expect this to change significantly
over the next 12 months. In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, the Company will recognize interest and penalties
accrued on any unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not accrued any
interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 

of its outstanding Senior Convertible Debenture principal into 
shares of common stock at a conversion price of 
per share. 

On
January 13, 2023, the Company s board of directors, as part of certain cost-cutting measures, approved a temporary reduction
to the base salaries of all executive officers of the Company and a reduction to the non-employee directors annual cash compensation.
The Company also terminated the employment of certain employees, including its Senior Vice President/Chief Operating Officer and Vice President/Chief Scientific
Officer. 

The
Company filed a Notification of Late Filing on Form 12b-25 on March 31, 2023, indicating that the filing of this Annual Report would
be delayed on account of the Company and its registered public accounting firm requiring additional time to complete the
accounting and disclosures related to the Company s acquisition of a majority interest in NanoSynex, Ltd., which accounting and disclosures have been included in this
Annual Report. On April 20, 2023, the Company received a notification
letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq indicating that, as a result of the Company s delay in filing this
Annual Report, the Company was not in compliance with the timely filing requirements for continued listing under Nasdaq Listing Rule
5250(c)(1). The notification letter has no immediate effect on the listing or trading of the Company s common stock on the
Nasdaq Capital Market. The notification letter stated that, under Nasdaq rules, the Company has 60 calendar days, or until June 20,
2023, to submit a plan to regain compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing requirements. The Company may also regain
compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing requirements at any time before June 20, 2023, by filing this Annual Report with
the SEC, as well as any subsequent periodic financial reports that may become due, and continuing to comply with Nasdaq s
other continued listing requirements. The filing of this Annual Report was the Company s action to regain
compliance. 

70 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of
our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022,
the end of the year covered by this Annual Report. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the continuing
material weakness described below. We believe that a disclosure controls system, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide
absolute assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls system are met, and no evaluation of disclosure controls can provide
absolute assurance that all disclosure control issues, if any, within a company have been detected. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision and with
the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria
set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on
the continuing material weakness described below, our management concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over
financial reporting was not effective. 

Description
of Material Weakness 

As previously
described in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, in connection with the audit of our financial
statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 (the 2021 audit ), our management and registered independent
public accounting firm identified a material weakness in
our internal control over financial reporting related to the lack of accounting department resources and/or policies and procedures
to ensure recording and disclosure of items in compliance with U.S. GAAP. This material weakness resulted in adjustments to our
warrant valuations in connection with the 2021 audit. In response to the material weakness, we took a number of remediation steps to
enhance our internal controls, including implementing additional procedures and utilizing external consulting resources with
experience and expertise in U.S. GAAP and public company accounting and reporting requirements to assist management with its
accounting and reporting of complex and/or non-recurring transactions and related disclosures. However, in connection with the audit
of our financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the 2022 audit ), our management determined
that that the material weakness identified in connection with the 2021 audit has not been fully remediated and resulted in
adjustments to the accounting treatment related to convertible debt, the business combination and goodwill impairment during the
2022 audit, which resulted in the late filing of this Annual Report. 

Remediation
of Material Weakness 

As described above, following the 2021 audit, we evaluated and implemented
additional procedures in order to remediate this material weakness, including utilizing external consulting resources with experience
and expertise in U.S. GAAP and public company accounting and reporting requirements to assist management with its accounting and reporting
of complex and/or non-recurring transactions and related disclosures. However, due, in part, to a number of unfortunate staffing adjustments
and departures at the consulting firms we utilized, these changes have not completely remediated the material weakness identified and
reported. We intend to continue to take steps to enhance our internal controls, including implementing additional internal procedures
and utilizing well-established external consulting resources with experience and expertise in U.S. GAAP and public company accounting
and reporting requirements. 

However, we cannot assure you that these or other measures will fully remediate
the material weakness in a timely manner. Notwithstanding the identified material weakness, our management believes that (the indicated
adjustments having been made) the consolidated financial statements included in this report fairly represent in all material respects
our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows at and for the periods presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Other
than as described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management s evaluation
pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the year ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitation
on Effectiveness of Controls 

In
designing and evaluating our controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed
and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. No evaluation of internal
control can provide absolute assurance that all internal control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company are detected.
In reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit
relationship of possible controls and procedures. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls
and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. In addition,
the design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be
no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because
of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

None. 

71 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The
Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors currently consists of seven members, each of whose current term of office as a director expires at the 2023 annual
meeting of stockholders. Biographical information with respect to our directors is provided below. 

Our
directors hold office for one year or until their respective successors have been duly elected or until their death, resignation or removal.
Our amended and restated bylaws provide that the authorized number of directors comprising our board of directors will be fixed, from
time to time, by a majority of the total number of directors. 

There
are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. There is no arrangement or understanding between any director and any other person pursuant to which the director was selected. 

Name 
 
 Position with the Company 
 
 Age 
 
 Director Since 
 
 Michael Poirier 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 67 
 
 2020 
 
 Amy Broidrick 
 
 President, Chief Strategy Officer and Director 
 
 64 
 
 2020 
 
 Richard David 
 
 Director 
 
 63 
 
 2020 
 
 Sidney Emery, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 76 
 
 2020 
 
 Matthew Korenberg 
 
 Director 
 
 48 
 
 2020 
 
 Kurt Kruger 
 
 Director 
 
 67 
 
 2020 
 
 Ira Ritter 
 
 Director 
 
 74 
 
 2008 

Michael
S. Poirier . Mr. Poirier founded the Qualigen business in 1996 and is its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Before founding
Qualigen, Mr. Poirier had relevant operating, marketing and sales positions with Ashirus Technologies, Inc., EnSys, Inc., Sanofi Pasteur
and Abbott Laboratories, Inc. Before working at Abbott, Mr. Poirier served as an officer in the United States Navy, assigned to the US
Atlantic Fleet. Mr. Poirier holds a B.A. from Providence College and attended the University of Z rich, Switzerland, School of Law. 

Mr.
Poirier s commitment to our strategic goals, his long experience leading our company and his deep knowledge of its technologies
and business contributed to our board of directors conclusion that he should serve as a director of our company. 

Amy
S. Broidrick . Ms. Broidrick has served as our President, Chief Strategy and Operating Officer since February 2023. She previously
served as our President and Chief Strategy Officer since December 2021, and Executive Vice President/Chief Strategy Officer since December
2020. From 2016 to July 2020, Ms. Broidrick served as Senior Vice President, Global Head of Corporate Development of Viking Therapeutics,
Inc. (Nasdaq: VKTX), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. Before that, she was Vice President, Head of Global Marketing Excellence
and Business Innovation with EMD Serono (part of Merck KGaA). Earlier, she was Vice President, Head of Marketing and Commercialization
at Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and had significant roles and responsibilities at Merck Co., Inc. and G.D. Searle Company. 

Ms.
Broidrick s executive experience with large and smaller public companies in the therapeutics industry contributed to our board
of directors conclusion that she should serve as a director of our company. 

Richard
A. David, MD FACS . Dr. David serves as Chief Medical Officer for the Los Angeles Division of Genesis Healthcare Partners,
the largest urology group in Southern California. He also serves as medical director for Genesis Advanced Prostate Cancer Center
of Excellence. In addition, Dr. David serves as Clinical Professor of Urology for the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA. Dr. David
obtained his undergraduate education at Stanford University and his medical degree at Thomas Jefferson University in Philadelphia. He
also holds a Master s degree in Medical Management (MMM) from the Marshall School of Business at the University of Southern California.
He trained in general surgery and completed his urology residency at UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles. Dr. David is a fellow of the
American College of Surgeons. 

Dr.
David s experience as an executive of a large healthcare organization, including his background as a medical doctor, contributed
to our board of directors conclusion that he should serve as a director of our company. 

72 

Sidney
W. Emery, Jr. Mr. Emery acquired Supply Chain Services in 2010 and, as its Chief Executive Officer, grew it into a premier
provider of automatic identification and data capture and factory automation solutions before selling the business to Sole Source
Capital LLC in May 2020. Before Supply Chain Services, he served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of MTS Systems Corporation
(Nasdaq-GS: MTSC), a leading global supplier of mechanical testing systems and high-performance industrial position sensors. Mr.
Emery served on the Board of Directors of Allete, Inc. (NYSE: ALE), a Minnesota-based utilities and energy company, from 2006 to
2018. Mr. Emery chairs the University of St. Thomas School of Engineering Board of Governors. Mr. Emery holds a PhD in Industrial
Engineering from Stanford University and a B.S. in Engineering from the US Naval Academy. He served for 10 years in the US Navy
(including on gunboats in Vietnam). 

Mr.
Emery s extensive board service with and executive leadership of major companies contributed to our board of directors conclusion
that he should serve as a director of our company. 

Matthew
E. Korenberg . Mr. Korenberg has served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (Nasdaq: LGND),
a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing or acquiring technologies that help pharmaceutical companies discover and develop medicines,
since November 2022, and before that as Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated
since August 2015. Before joining Ligand, commencing in September 2013, Mr. Korenberg was the founder, Chief Executive Officer and a
director of NeuroCircuit Therapeutics, a company focused on developing drugs to treat genetic disorders of the brain with an initial
focus on Down syndrome. Before founding NeuroCircuit Therapeutics, Mr. Korenberg was a Managing Director and member of the healthcare
investment banking team at Goldman Sachs from July 1999 through August 2013. During his 14 year tenure at Goldman Sachs, Mr. Korenberg
was focused on advising and financing companies in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical sectors and was based in New York, London and
San Francisco. Before Goldman Sachs, Mr. Korenberg was a healthcare investment banker at Dillon, Read Co. Inc. where he spent two
years working with healthcare companies in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical sectors and industrial companies. Mr. Korenberg holds
a B.B.A. in Finance and Accounting from the University of Michigan. 

Mr.
Korenberg s financial and accounting expertise, his experience as chief financial officer of a large public biopharmaceutical company
and his investment banking background contributed to our board of directors conclusion that he should serve as a director of our
company. 

Kurt
H. Kruger . Mr. Kruger has enjoyed a 30-year career in medical technology. His deep involvement in the field has ranged from product
design and development as a biomedical engineer to raising capital for, and following, publicly traded medical product companies as an
equities research analyst. As a marketing manager at Guidant, now a part of Boston Scientific, he developed the launch plans for the
first-ever implantable defibrillator. As a securities analyst he showed perspicuity leading Hambrecht Quist in providing venture
funds for, and then taking public, Ventritex, which was later acquired by St. Jude Medical. After Hambrecht Quist, Mr. Kruger worked
as an analyst for Montgomery Securities and Bank of America. Across 20 years of research work, Mr. Kruger has overseen the IPOs of over
30 medical products companies, including leadership of the Life Sciences banking effort for WR Hambrecht Co. Mr. Kruger received
a Sc.B. degree in Biomedical Engineering from Brown University; a Master s degree in Bioengineering from the University of Michigan;
and a business degree (S.M.) from the Sloan School at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). He also completed the premedical
post-baccalaureate program at Columbia University. 

Mr.
Kruger s long experience in investment banking and securities analysis with a life sciences focus contributed to our board of directors 
conclusion that he should serve as a director of our company. 

Ira
E. Ritter. Mr. Ritter served as Co-Founder, Chief Strategic Officer and Executive Chairman of our predecessor, Ritter Pharmaceuticals,
Inc., from its inception in 2004 through the formation of Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in 2008 and served in those positions with Ritter
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from 2008 until the May 22, 2020 reverse recapitalization transaction (the Reverse Recapitalization Transaction in which Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc. changed its name to Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. Mr. Ritter has extensive experience creating and
building diverse business enterprises and since 1987 through Andela Corporation, of which he is the CEO, has provided corporate management,
strategic planning and financial consulting for a wide range of market segments including; health product related national distribution
and private label production, television and publishing. He assisted taking Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc. public on Nasdaq and Martin
Lawrence Art Galleries public on the New York Stock Exchange. Since 2010, Mr. Ritter has also acted as a managing partner of Stonehenge
Partners, LLC. Mr. Ritter has a long history of public service that includes appointments by three Governors to several State of California
Commissions including eight years as Commissioner on the California Prison Industry Authority. 

73 

Mr.
Ritter s experience as an entrepreneur and chairman of a publicly traded development-phase therapeutics company contributed to
our board of directors conclusion that he should serve as a director of our company. Mr. Ritter continued his service on our board
of directors, by agreement in connection with the Reverse Recapitalization Transaction, as the designated legacy member from the pre-Reverse
Recapitalization Transaction public-company board of directors. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has established an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.
Each committee operates under a charter. Copies of each committee s charter are posted on the Investor Relations section of our
website, which is located at www.qualigeninc.com . 

Audit
Committee . The current members of our Audit Committee are Mr. Kruger (Chair), Mr. Emery, and Mr. Korenberg, each of whom was
determined by our board of directors to be independent under Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act and the continued listing requirements
of Nasdaq, and to satisfy the other continued listing requirements of Nasdaq for audit committee membership. The Company has identified
Matthew Korenberg as an audit committee financial expert as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of SEC Regulation S-K,
and has determined that he has the requisite level of financial sophistication required by the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq;
this identification does not constitute a determination that other members of the Audit Committee would not also be able to qualify as
an audit committee financial expert. 

EXECUTIVE
 OFFICERS 

The
following table sets forth information about our current executive officers. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position
 with the Company 
 
 Michael
 Poirier 
 
 67 
 
 Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Amy
 Broidrick 
 
 64 
 
 President
 and Chief Strategy Officer 
 
 Christopher
 Lotz 
 
 58 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance 
 
 Tariq
 Arshad 
 
 53 
 
 Chief
 Medical Officer and Senior Vice President 

Officers
serve at the discretion of the board of directors. There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers.
There is no arrangement or understanding between any executive officer and any other person pursuant to which the executive officer was
selected. 

74 

For
the biographies of Mr. Poirier and Ms. Broidrick, please see Board of Directors - The Board of Directors in General . 

Christopher
L. Lotz | Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance. Mr. Lotz joined Qualigen as Director of Finance in 2002 and was
promoted to his current role of Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance in 2003. Before joining
Qualigen, Mr. Lotz spent the previous 15 years serving in financial leadership positions with Bexcom, an Asian-based software
developer, California Furniture Collections, Inc., a custom furniture manufacturer, and Group Publishing, Inc., an educational media
publisher. Mr. Lotz holds a B.S. in Business Administration from Colorado State University. 

Tariq Arshad, MD, MBA |
Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President. Dr. Arshad brings more than 20 years of biotech
and pharmaceutical experience to Qualigen. He is an oncologist with expertise in both early and late-stage clinical development at several
leading and emergent biopharmaceutical companies. Prior to joining Qualigen in May 2021, Dr. Arshad was Global Head of Medical
Affairs and Clinical Research with Becton Dickinson Biosciences in San Jose, California from 2019-2021,
where he led a team of MDs and PHDs driving scientific strategy for a cutting-edge immuno-oncology focused portfolio. From 2018-2019,
Dr. Arshad served as Head of Medical Affairs, Immunology, Global Markets for Sanofi Genyzyme, and Chief Medical Officer, Head of
Clinical Research and Medical Affairs for Humanigen, Inc. from 2016-2018. Prior to that, he held leadership positions with XOMA Corporation,
Genentech, Inc., Merck Co., Inc., and Pfizer Inc. Dr. Arshad holds a M.B.B.S (Bachelor of
Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery) from University of Punjab, MD from Educational Commission for Foreign Medical Graduates (ECFMG), and a
M.B.A. degree from George Washington University. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock,
to file reports of securities ownership and changes in such ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors, and greater than 10 stockholders
also are required by SEC rules to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

Based
solely on the Company s review of Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by such persons and information provided by the Company s directors
and officers, the Company believes that during the year ended December 31, 2022, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to
such persons were met in a timely manner, except as described below. 

Each
of Michael Poirier, Amy Broidrick, Christopher Lotz, Shishir Sinha, Wajdi Abdul-Ahad, Tariq Arshad, Richard David, Sidney Emery, Jr.,
Matthew Korenberg, Kurt Kruger and Ira Ritter filed one late Form 4 report with respect to a grant of stock options that each of them
received on July 11, 2022 as follows: Michael Poirier (37,000 options), Amy Broidrick (130,000 options), Christopher Lotz (100,000 options),
Shishir Sinha (100,000 options), Wajdi Abdul-Ahad (80,000 options), Tariq Arshad (102,000 options), Richard David (40,000 options), Sidney
Emery (40,000 options), Jr., Matthew Korenberg (40,000 options), Kurt Kruger (40,000 options) and Ira Ritter (40,000 options). 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

EXECUTIVE
AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table (2022 and 2021) 

The
following table sets forth the compensation paid to or earned by our named executive officers for the periods presented. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Option Awards (1) ) 
 All Other Compensation (2) ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Michael Poirier, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 
 575,000 
 
 145,274 
 8,180 
 728,454 

2021 
 517,788 
 218,740 
 
 5,751 
 742,279 

Amy Broidrick, President and Chief Strategy Officer 
 2022 
 450,000 
 
 50,359 
 7,642 
 508,001 

2021 
 403,077 
 155,000 
 296,170 
 4,055 
 858,302 

Tariq Arshad, Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President (3) 
 2022 
 400,000 
 
 39,512 
 138 
 439,650 

2021 
 253,846 
 80,212 
 430,569 
 69 
 764,696 

(1) The
 amounts reported in this column reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the option
 awards granted during 2022 and 2021, computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard
 Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 for stock-based compensation transactions
 ASC 718 ). Such grant date fair values do not take into account any estimated
 forfeitures related to service-based vesting conditions. Assumptions used in the calculation
 of these amounts are included in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included
 in this Annual Report. These amounts do not reflect the actual economic value that may be
 realized by the executive officers upon the exercise of the stock options or the sale of
 the common stock underlying such stock options. 

75 

(2) Represents
 life insurance premiums paid by us for each named executive officer in addition to 401(k)
 matching contributions paid by us for Mr. Poirier and Ms. Broidrick. 

(3) Dr.
 Arshad joined Qualigen in May 2021. 

Executive
Employment Agreements 

Employment
Agreement with Michael Poirier 

Mr.
Poirier, is party to an Executive Employment Agreement with Qualigen dated February 1, 2017, as amended January 9, 2018 (the
 Poirier Employment Agreement ). The Poirier Employment Agreement had an initial three-year term and is now
automatically renewed for successive one-year periods unless either party gives notice of nonrenewal at least 90 days before the end
of such a one-year period. 

Under
the terms of the Poirier Employment Agreement, Mr. Poirier is entitled to an annual base salary of at least 315,000, is eligible to
participate in the Company s bonus plans, benefit programs and medical benefits, is eligible for certain event-based bonuses
(including for Liquidity Event acquisition transactions), and is entitled to four weeks of vacation per year. If Mr.
Poirier s employment is terminated without Cause or he resigns for Good Reason (as such terms are defined in the Poirier
Employment Agreement), and he provides a general release to the Company, he will be entitled to one year of salary continuation plus the
cost of COBRA coverage continuation for such one year period. In May 2021, our board of directors and its compensation committee
increased Mr. Poirier s annual base salary to 575,000. On January 13, 2023, the Company s board of directors, as part
of certain cost-cutting measures, approved a temporary 20 reduction to the base salaries of all executive officers of the Company.
Accordingly, on January 16, 2023, Mr. Poirier s base salary was reduced to 460,000. 

Employment
Agreement with Amy Broidrick 

Upon
her promotion to the position of President and Chief Strategy Officer in December 2021, Ms. Broidrick is party to an Executive
Employment Agreement with Qualigen dated December 10, 2021 (the Broidrick Employment Agreement ). The Broidrick
Employment Agreement had an initial term expiring on April 30, 2022 and is now automatically renewed for successive one-year periods
unless either party gives notice of nonrenewal at least 90 days before the end of such a one-year period. 

Under
the terms of The Broidrick Employment Agreement, Ms. Broidrick is entitled to an annual base salary of at least 450,000, is
eligible to participate in the Company s bonus plans, benefit programs and medical benefits, is eligible for certain
event-based bonuses, and is entitled to four weeks of vacation per year. If Ms. Broidrick s employment is terminated without
Cause or she resigns for Good Reason (as such terms are defined in the Broidrick Employment Agreement), and she provides a general
release to the Company, she will be entitled to one year of salary continuation plus the cost of COBRA coverage continuation for
such one year period. On January 13, 2023, the Company s board of directors, as part of certain cost-cutting measures,
approved a temporary 20 reduction to the base salaries of all executive officers of the Company. Accordingly, on January 16, 2023,
Ms. Broidrick s base salary was reduced to 360,000. 

The
following definitions are used in each of the Employment Agreements described above: 

Cause 
means any of the following: (i) a material breach by the employee of any of the trade secret/proprietary information, confidential information
of intellectual property ownership sections of the Employment Agreement; (ii) a material breach by the employee of any other provision
of the Employment Agreement, if such material breach (if susceptible to cure) has continued uncured for a period of at least 15 days
following delivery by Qualigen to the employee of written notice of such material breach; (iii) fraud, dishonesty or other breach of
trust whereby the employee obtains personal gain or benefit at the expense of or to the detriment of Qualigen or any of Qualigen s
subsidiaries or affiliates; (iv) a conviction of or plea of nolo contendere or similar plea by the employee of any felony; (v) a conviction
of or plea of nolo contendere or similar plea by of any other crime involving theft, misappropriation of property, dishonesty or moral
turpitude; (vi) a willful and material violation of applicable law by the employee in connection with the performance of his/her duties
under the Employment Agreement; (vii) chronic or repeated substance abuse by the employee, or any other use by the employee of alcohol,
drugs or illegal substances in such a manner as to interfere with the performance of his/her material duties hereunder; or (viii) failure
to comply with the lawful directions of Qualigen s board of directors which are otherwise consistent with the terms of this Agreement,
which failure has continued for a period of at least 10 days after delivery by Qualigen to the employee of written demand by Qualigen s
board of directors. 

76 

Good
Reason means the occurrence of any of the following circumstances, without the employee s express consent: the employee
resigns due to (i) a material reduction of the employee s title or authority, (ii) a material reduction in the employee s
salary or benefits (other than a reduction that generally applies to the officers at the employee s level in Qualigen or, as applicable,
after a transaction in which Qualigen or substantially all its assets is acquired, in the successor entity at that time), (iii) any material
breach of this Agreement by Qualigen which is not cured within 30 days after written notice by the employee; or (iv) a change of the
principal non-temporary location in which the employee is required to perform the employee s services to any location exceeding
35 miles from Carlsbad, California. In no event shall a resignation be considered to be with Good Reason unless the resignation occurs
after but within 30 days after the initiation of the item of Good Reason. 

The
foregoing description of the employment agreements does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
employment agreements. 

Offer Letter with Tariq Arshad 

Under the terms of his offer letter
with the Company, dated May 17, 2021, Dr. Arshad is entitled to an annual base salary of at least 400,000. He received a cash signing
bonus of 25,000 when he joined the Company, is eligible to receive annual cash bonuses equal to an amount up to 40 of his annualized
base salary, and is entitled to four weeks of vacation per year. Under the terms of his offer letter, if Dr. Arshad s employment is terminated without Cause or he resigns for Good
Reason, and he provides a general release to the Company, he will be entitled to 180
days of salary continuation plus the cost of COBRA coverage continuation for such 180 day period. On January 13, 2023, the Company s
board of directors, as part of certain cost-cutting measures, approved a temporary 20 reduction to the base salaries of all executive
officers of the Company. Accordingly, on January 16, 2023, Mr. Arshad s annual base salary was reduced to 320,000. 

Stock
Incentive Plan 

The
material terms of our 2020 Stock Equity Incentive Plan (as amended, the 2020 Plan are outlined below. This summary is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the 2020 Plan, which is filed as an exhibit to the Original Report and
incorporated herein by reference. 

Authorized
Shares . We have reserved an aggregate of 755,702 shares of our common stock for issuance under the 2020 Plan. The number of shares
is subject to adjustment in the event of any recapitalization, stock split, reclassification, stock dividend or other change in our capitalization.
In addition, the following shares of our common stock will be available for grant and issuance under the 2020 Plan: 

shares
 subject to stock options or stock appreciation rights SARs ), granted under
 the 2020 Plan that cease to be subject to the stock option or SAR for any reason other than
 exercise of the stock option or SAR; 

shares
 subject to awards granted under the 2020 Plan that are subsequently forfeited or repurchased
 by us at the original issue price; 

shares
 subject to awards granted under the 2020 Plan that otherwise terminate without shares being
 issued; 

shares
 surrendered, canceled, or exchanged for cash or a different award (or combination thereof);
 and 

shares
 subject to awards under the 2020 Plan that are used to pay the exercise price of an award
 or withheld to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to any award. 

77 

Plan
Administration . The 2020 Plan will be administered by our Compensation Committee or by our board of directors acting in place of
our Compensation Committee. Our Compensation Committee will have the authority to construe and interpret the 2020 Plan, grant awards
and make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of the 2020 Plan. 

Awards
and Eligible Participants . The 2020 Plan authorizes the award of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock unit,
performance awards and stock bonuses. The 2020 Plan provides for the grant of awards to our employees, directors, consultants and independent
contractor service providers, subject to certain exceptions. No non-employee director may be granted awards under the 2020 Plan in any
calendar year that, taken together with any cash fees paid by us to such non-employee director during such calendar year, exceed 5,000,000
(calculating the value of any award based on the grant date fair value determined in accordance with GAAP). No more than 98,000,000 shares
of our common stock will be issued under the 2020 Plan pursuant to the exercise of incentive stock options. 

Stock
Options . The 2020 Plan permits us to grant incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options. The exercise price of stock options
will be determined by our Compensation Committee, and may not be less than 100 of the fair market value of our common stock on the date
of grant. Our Compensation Committee has the authority to reprice any outstanding stock option (by reducing the exercise price, or canceling
the stock option in exchange for cash or another equity award) under the 2020 Plan without the approval of our stockholders. Stock options
may vest based on the passage of time or the achievement of performance conditions in the discretion of our compensation committee. Our
Compensation Committee may provide for stock options to be exercised only as they vest or to be immediately exercisable with any shares
issued on exercise being subject to our right of repurchase that lapses as the shares vest. The maximum term of stock options granted
under the 2020 Plan is 10 years. 

Stock
Appreciation Rights . SARs provide for a payment to the holder, in cash or shares of our common stock, based upon the difference between
the fair market value of our common stock on the date of exercise and the stated exercise price on the date of grant, up to a maximum
amount of cash or number of shares. SARs may vest based on the passage of time or the achievement of performance conditions in the discretion
of our Compensation Committee. Our Compensation Committee has the authority to reprice any outstanding SAR (by reducing the exercise
price, or canceling the SAR in exchange for cash or another equity award) under the 2020 Plan without the approval of our stockholders. 

Restricted
Stock Awards . A restricted stock award represents the issuance to the holder of shares of our common stock, subject to the forfeiture
of those shares in the event of failure to achieve certain performance conditions or termination of employment. The purchase price, if
any, for the shares will be determined by our Compensation Committee. Unless otherwise determined by the administrator at the time of
award, vesting will cease on the date the holder no longer provides services to us and unvested shares will be forfeited to us or can
be repurchased by us. 

Restricted
Stock Units . Restricted stock units RSUs represent the right on the part of the holder to receive shares of our common
stock at a specified date in the future, subject to forfeiture of that right in the event of failure to achieve certain performance conditions
or termination of employment. If a RSU has not been forfeited, then, on the specified date, we will deliver to the holder of the RSU
shares of our common stock, cash or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, as previously determined by the Compensation
Committee at the time of the award. 

Performance
Awards . Performance awards cover a number of shares of our common stock that may be settled upon achievement of performance conditions
as provided in the 2020 Plan in cash or by issuance of the underlying common stock. These awards are subject to forfeiture before settlement
in the event of failure to achieve certain performance conditions or termination of employment. 

Stock
Bonuses . Stock bonuses may be granted as additional compensation for past or future service or performance and, therefore, no payment
will be required from a participant for any shares awarded under a stock bonus. Unless otherwise determined by our Compensation Committee
at the time of award, vesting will cease on the date the holder no longer provides services to us and unvested shares will be forfeited
to us. 

78 

Change-in-Control .
If we are party to a merger or consolidation, sale of all or substantially all our assets or similar change-in-control transaction, outstanding
awards, including any vesting provisions, may be assumed or substituted by the successor company. In the alternative, the successor company
may issue, in place of outstanding shares held by a 2020 Plan participant, substantially similar shares or other property subject to
repurchase obligations no less favorable to the participant. Outstanding awards that are not assumed, substituted or cashed out will
accelerate in full and expire immediately before the transaction, and awards will be exercisable for a period of time determined by the
administrator. 

Amendment;
Termination . The 2020 Plan will terminate 10 years from April 8, 2020, unless it is terminated earlier by our board of directors.
Our board of directors may amend, suspend or terminate the 2020 Plan at any time, subject to compliance with applicable law. 

Federal
Income Tax Summary . The following is a brief summary of the principal federal income tax consequences to us and to an eligible person
(who is a citizen or resident of the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes) (a Participant of awards that
may be granted under the 2020 Plan. The summary is not intended to be exhaustive and, among other things, does not describe state, local
or foreign tax consequences. The federal income tax consequences of an eligible person s award under the 2020 Plan are complex,
are subject to change and differ from person to person. Each person should consult with his or her own tax adviser as to his or her own
particular situation. 

This
discussion is based on the Code, Treasury Regulations promulgated under the Code, Internal Revenue Service rulings, judicial decisions
and administrative rulings as of the date of this proxy statement, all of which are subject to change or differing interpretations, including
changes and interpretations with retroactive effect. No assurance can be given that the tax treatment described herein will remain unchanged
at the time that awards under the 2020 Plan are made. 

A
Participant will not recognize income upon the grant of an option or at any time prior to the exercise of the option. At the time the
participant exercises a non-qualified option, he or she will recognize compensation taxable as ordinary income in an amount equal to
the excess of the fair market value of the common stock on the date the option is exercised over the price paid for the common stock,
and we will then be entitled to a corresponding deduction. 

A
Participant who exercises an incentive stock option will not be taxed at the time he or she exercises his or her options or a portion
thereof. Instead, he or she will be taxed at the time he or she sells the common stock purchased pursuant to the option. The Participant
will be taxed on the excess of the amount for which he or she sells the stock over the price he or she had paid for the stock. If the
Participant does not sell the stock prior to two years from the date of grant of the option and one year from the date the stock is transferred
to him or her upon exercise, the gain will be capital gain and we will not get a corresponding deduction. If the Participant sells the
stock at a gain prior to that time, the difference between the amount the Participant paid for the stock and the lesser of the fair market
value on the date of the exercise or the amount for which the stock is sold, will be taxed as ordinary income and we will be entitled
to a corresponding deduction. If the Participant sells the stock for less than the amount he or she paid for the stock prior to the one
or two year periods indicated, no amount will be taxed as ordinary income and the loss will be taxed as a capital loss. 

A
Participant generally will not recognize income upon the grant of a stock appreciation right or a restricted stock unit. At the time
a Participant receives shares or cash payment under any such award, he or she generally will recognize compensation taxable as ordinary
income in an amount equal to the cash or the fair market value of the common stock received, less any amount paid for the stock, and
we will then be entitled to a corresponding deduction. Upon a subsequent sale of the shares received under the stock appreciation right
or restricted stock unit, if any, the difference between the amount realized on the sale and the Participant s tax basis (the amount
previously included in income) is generally taxable as a capital gain or loss, which will be short-term or long-term depending on the
Participant s holding time of such shares. 

79 

The
taxation of restricted stock is dependent on the actions taken by the Participant. Generally, absent an election to be taxed currently
under Section 83(b) of the Code, or an 83(b) election, there will be no federal income tax consequences to the Participant upon the grant
of a restricted stock award. At the lapse of the restrictions or satisfaction of the conditions on the restricted stock, the Participant
will recognize ordinary income equal to the fair market value of our common stock at that time. If the Participant makes an 83(b) election
within 30 days of the date of grant, he or she will recognize ordinary income equal to the fair market value of our common stock at the
time of grant, determined without regard to the applicable restrictions. If an 83(b) election is made, no additional income will be recognized
by the Participant upon the lapse of the restrictions or satisfaction of the conditions on the restricted stock award. We generally should
be entitled to a deduction equal to the amount of ordinary income recognized by the Participant, at the same time as the ordinary income
is recognized by the Participant. Upon a subsequent sale of the formerly restricted stock, the difference between the amount realized
on the sale and the Participant s tax basis (the amount previously included in income) is generally taxable as a capital gain or
loss, which will be short-term or long-term depending on the Participant s holding time of such shares. 

The
tax consequences to Participants who receive performance-based awards depend on the particular type of award issued. Our ability to take
a deduction for such awards similarly depends on the terms of the awards and the limitations of Section 162(m) of the Code, if applicable .
 Section 162(m) of the Code currently imposes a 1 million limit on the amount that a public company may deduct for compensation paid
to an employee who is chief executive officer, chief financial officer, or another covered employee (as defined by Section
162(m)), or was such an employee beginning in any year after 2017. The Compensation Committee retains the discretion to establish the
compensation paid or intended to be paid or awarded to the executive officers as the Compensation Committee may determine is in the best
interest of us and our stockholders, and without regard to any limitation provided in Section 162(m). This discretion is an important
feature of the Compensation Committee s compensation practices because it provides the Compensation Committee with sufficient flexibility
to respond to specific circumstances facing us. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at December 31, 2022 

The
following table presents the outstanding stock options and compensatory warrants held by each of the named executive officers as of December
31, 2022. There were no direct stock awards, restricted stock units or stock appreciation rights outstanding at December 31, 2022. All
pre-2020 option awards shown were initially issued as Qualigen, Inc. Series C Warrants, and became warrants exercisable
instead for our common stock (at an adjusted exercise price) upon the Reverse Recapitalization Transaction. The share numbers and exercise
prices in the table below reflect the reverse stock split, which was effected by the Company on November 23, 2022 (the Reverse
Stock Split ). 

Equity Awards 
 
 Name 
 Grant Date 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Awards (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Awards (#) Unexercisable 
 
 Exercise Price ) 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Michael Poirier 
 7/11/2022 
 
 37,500 (1) 
 
 5.14 
 7/11/2032 

6/5/2020 
 66,667 
 33,333 (1) 
 
 51.30 
 6/5/2030 

9/22/2016 
 1,443 

25.41 
 9/22/2026 

3/3/2015 
 2,214 

25.41 
 3/2/2025 

8/2/2014 
 770 

20.66 
 8/2/2024 

8/2/2014 
 2,214 

20.66 
 8/2/2024 

1/31/2014 
 2,214 

20.66 
 1/31/2024 

Amy Broidrick 
 7/11/2022 
 
 13,000 (1) 
 
 5.14 
 7/11/2032 

12/8/2021 
 10,000 
 20,000 (1) 
 
 12.40 
 12/8/2031 

12/7/2020 
 10,000 
 5,000 (1) 
 
 35.20 
 12/7/2030 

8/27/2020 
 3,333 
 1,666 (1) 
 
 47.00 
 8/27/2030 

Tariq Arshad 
 7/11/2022 
 
 10,200 (1) 
 
 5.14 
 7/11/2032 

12/8/2021 
 10,000 
 20,000 (2) 
 
 12.40 
 5/17/2031 

5/17/2021 
 3,333 
 6,666 (1) 
 
 18.00 
 5/17/2031 

(1) Shares
 underlying the stock option vest over three years in three equal annual installments from
 the date of grant. 

(2) Shares
 underlying the stock option vest over three years in three equal annual installments from
 the vesting commencement date of May 17, 2021. 

80 

Pay
Versus Performance (PVP) 

In
accordance with the SEC s disclosure requirements regarding pay versus performance, or PVP, this section presents the SEC-defined
 Compensation Actually Paid, or CAP of our PEO and NEOs for each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and
our financial performance. Also as required by the SEC, this section compares CAP to various measures used to gauge performance at the
Company for each such fiscal year. 

Pay
versus Performance Table - Compensation Definitions 

Salary,
Bonus, Stock Awards, and All Other Compensation are each calculated in the same manner for purposes of both CAP and Summary Compensation
Table, or SCT values. The primary difference between the calculation of CAP and SCT total compensation is the calculation of the value
of Stock Awards, with the table below describing the differences in how these awards are valued for purposes of SCT total
and CAP: 

SCT
 Total 
 
 CAP 
 
 Stock
 Awards 
 
 Grant
 date fair value of stock awards granted during the year 
 
 Fair
 value of stock awards that are unvested as of the end of the year, or vested during the year 

Pa y
 Versus Performance Table 

In
accordance with the SEC s new PVP rules, the following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of our NEOs for
each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and our financial performance for each such fiscal year: 

Year 
 Summary Compensation Table Total for PEO 
 Compensation Actually Paid to PEO 
 Average Summary Compensation Table Total for non-PEO named Executive Officers 
 Average Compensation Actually Paid to non-PEO Named Executive Officers 
 Value of Initial Fixed 100 Investment Based On Total Shareholder Return 
 Net Loss Attributable to Qualigen
 Therapeutics, Inc. (millions) 
 
 2022 
 728,454 
 262,274 
 473,826 
 121,235 
 
 4.29 
 (18.6 
 
 2021 
 742,279 
 (753,431 
 811,499 
 609,691 
 
 38.21 
 (17.9 

81 

The principal executive officer PEO in 2022 and 2021 is Michael Poirier, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. The Non-PEO NEOs in 2022 and 2021 are
Amy Broidrick, our President, Chief Strategy and Operating Officer and Tariq Arshad, our Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President.
The CAP was calculated beginning with the NEOs SCT total. The following amounts were deducted from and added to the applicable SCT total
compensation: 

SCT Total 
 Stock awards deducted from SCT 
 Increase for fair value of awards granted during the year that remain unvested as of year end 
 Decrease in fair value from prior year-end to current year-end for awards granted in prior years and unvested as of year end 
 Decrease in fair value from prior year-end to current year vesting date for awards granted in prior years 
 Total CAP 

(A) 
 (B) 
 (C 
 (D) 
 (E 
 A -B+C+D+E 

PEO 

2022 
 
 728,454 
 (145,274 
 31,387 
 (218,695 
 (133,598 
 
 262,274 

2021 
 
 742,279 
 - 
 - 
 (1,236,534 
 (259,176 
 
 (753,431) 

Average Non-PEO NEO 

2022 
 
 473,826 
 (44,936 
 9,709 
 (218,541 
 (98,823 
 
 121,235 

2021 
 
 811,499 
 (363,370 
 314,858 
 (104,300 
 (48,997 
 
 609,691 

The
fair value of stock options reported for CAP purposes in columns (B), (C), (D) and (E) above was estimated using a Black-Scholes option
pricing model for the purposes of this PVP calculation in accordance with SEC rules. This model uses both historical data and current
market data to estimate the fair value of options and requires several assumptions. The assumptions used in estimating fair value for
awards granted during 2022 were as follows: volatility 103 , expected life 5.99 years, expected dividend yield 0 , risk-free rate 3.04 .
The assumptions used in estimating fair value for awards granted during 2021 and prior were as follows: volatility 102 , expected life
5.99 years, expected dividend yield 0 , risk-free rate 0.42 - 1.43 . 

Analysis
of Information Presented in the Pay versus Performance Table 

The
Company s executive compensation program reflects a variable pay-for-performance philosophy. While the Company utilizes several
performance measures to align executive compensation with Company performance, all of those Company measures are not presented in the
Pay versus Performance table. Moreover, the Company generally seeks to incentivize long-term performance, and therefore does not specifically
align the Company s performance measures with compensation that is actually paid (as computed in accordance with SEC rules) for
a particular year. In accordance with SEC rules, the Company is providing the following narrative disclosure regarding the relationships
between information presented in the Pay versus Performance table. 

Compensation
Actually Paid and Cumulative Total Stockholder Return 

During
2021 and 2022, compensation actually paid to our PEO increased from 753,431) in 2021 to 262,274 in 2022 for Mr. Poirier, and average
compensation actually paid to our named executive officers other than our PEO decreased from 609,691 in 2021 to 121,235 in 2022. Over
the same period, the value of an investment of 100 in our common stock on the last trading day of 2020 decreased by 61.79 to 38.21
during 2021, and further decreased by 34.12 to 4.09 during 2022, for a total decrease over 2021 and 2022 of 95.91. 

Compensation
Actually Paid and Net Loss 

During
2021 and 2022, compensation actually paid to our PEO increased from 753,431) in 2021 to 262,274 in 2022 for Mr. Poirier, and average
compensation actually paid to our named executive officers other than our PEO decreased from 609,691 in 2021 to 121,235 in 2022. Over
the same period, our net loss decreased by 1.6 million during 2021 (from a net loss in 2020 of 19.5 million to a net loss in 2021 of
 17.9 million), and increased by 0.7 million during 2022 (from a net loss in 2021 of 17.9 million to a net loss in 2022 of 18.6 million). 

Compensation
of Directors 

For
2022 , our non-employee directors received 35,000 in cash for their services. The Audit
Committee chair received additional cash compensation of 15,000 and the other Board committee chairs received additional cash compensation
of 10,000. Each non-chair member of each Board committee received additional cash compensation of 7,500 (Audit Committee) and 5,000
(other Committees). Non-employee directors each received a grant of 4,000 stock options (adjusted for the Reverse Stock Split) during
2022. 

On January 13, 2023, the Company s
board of directors, as part of certain cost-cutting measures, approved a temporary 20 reduction to the compensation of all directors
of the Company effective January 1, 2023. 

Compensation
paid to Mr. Poirier and to Ms. Broidrick is presented as part of the Summary Compensation Table above, rather than here.
Our employee directors do not receive compensation for their service as directors. 

Name of Director 
 Fees Earned and Paid in Cash ) 
 Option Awards (1) ) 
 All other compensation (2) ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Richard David 
 54,167 
 15,496 
 
 69,663 
 
 Sidney Emery, Jr. 
 62,292 
 15,496 
 
 77,788 
 
 Matthew Korenberg 
 56,875 
 15,496 
 
 72,371 
 
 Kurt Kruger 
 54,167 
 15,496 
 
 69,663 
 
 Ira Ritter 
 
 15,496 
 80,000 
 95,496 

(1) The
 amounts reported in this column reflects the aggregate grant date fair value of the option
 awards granted during the year ending December 31, 2022, computed in accordance with ASC
 718. Such grant date fair values do not take into account any estimated forfeitures related
 to service-based vesting conditions. Assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts
 are included in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual
 Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 17, 2023.
 These amounts do not reflect the actual economic value that may be realized by the directors
 upon the exercise of the stock options or the sale of the common stock underlying such stock
 options. 

(2) Represents
 amounts paid for consulting services. 

82 

Hedging
or Offsetting Against Compensatory Securities 

We
have adopted a policy that our employees (including officers) and directors shall not purchase securities or other financial instruments,
or otherwise engage in transactions, that hedge or offset, or are designed to hedge or offset, any decrease in the market value of equity
securities granted as compensation to, or held directly or indirectly by, those persons. 

We
also intend to adopt a formal claw-back policy for the recovery of incentive-based executive compensation erroneously awarded to executive
officers based on misstated financial reporting measures once Nasdaq s listing standards become effective. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of April 28, 2023 by: 

our named executive officers; 

our directors; 

all of our current directors and executive officers as a group; and 

each stockholder known by us to own beneficially more than 5 of our common stock. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities.
Shares of common stock that may be acquired by an individual or group within 60 days after April 28, 2023, pursuant to the exercise of
options or warrants, are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of such individual or group,
but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person shown in the table. The
percentage of beneficial ownership of our common stock is calculated based on an aggregate of 5,052,463 shares outstanding as of April
28, 2023. 

Except
as indicated in the footnotes to this table, we believe that the stockholders named in this table have sole voting and investment
power with respect to all shares of common stock shown to be beneficially owned by them, based on information provided to us by such
stockholders. Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each director and executive officer listed is: c/o Qualigen Therapeutics,
Inc., 2042 Corte Del Nogal, Carlsbad, California 92011 USA. 

83 

Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 
 Five Percent Stockholders 

Alpha Capital Anstalt (1) 
 555,155 
 9.99 

Executive Officers, Directors and Director Nominees 

Michael Poirier (2) 
 96,543 
 1.9 

Amy Broidrick (3) 
 26,784 

Tariq Arshad (4) 
 13,334 

Richard David (5) 
 4,219 

Sidney Emery, Jr. (6) 
 5,302 

Matthew Korenberg (7) 
 3,334 

Kurt Kruger (8) 
 6,019 

Ira Ritter (9) 
 3,738 

All current executive officers and directors as a group (9 persons)(10) 
 208,293 
 4.0 

Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1 of the shares of common stock. 

(1) Includes
 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants; Alpha Capital Anstalt would
 not be permitted to convert or exercise all or any portion of its warrants to the extent
 that such conversion or exercise would result in Alpha Capital Anstalt (and its affiliates)
 beneficially owning more than 9.99 of the number of shares of Qualigen common stock outstanding
 immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion/exercise.
 Konrad Ackermann has voting and investment power over the shares held by Alpha Capital Anstalt. 

(2) Includes
 66,667 shares of common stock exercisable within 60 days under outstanding stock options
 and 8,855 shares of common stock exercisable within 60 days under outstanding warrants. 

(3) Includes
 23,334 shares of common stock exercisable within 60 days under outstanding stock options. 

(4) Includes
 13,334 shares of common stock exercisable within 60 days under outstanding stock options. 

(5) Includes
 3,334 shares of common stock exercisable within 60 days under outstanding stock options and
 885 shares of common stock exercisable within 60 days under outstanding warrants. 

(6) Includes
 3,334 shares of common stock exercisable within 60 days under outstanding stock options. 

(7) Includes
 3,334 shares of common stock exercisable within 60 days under outstanding stock options. 

(8) Includes
 3,334 shares of common stock exercisable within 60 days under outstanding stock options and
 885 shares of common stock exercisable within 60 days under outstanding warrants. 

(9) Includes
 3,334 shares of common stock exercisable within 60 days under outstanding stock options.
 Also includes shares of common stock held in a retirement plan trust of which Ira Ritter
 and his spouse are trustees; and also includes shares beneficially owned by Stonehenge Partners.
 As a managing partner of Stonehenge Partners, Ira Ritter may be deemed the beneficial owner
 of these shares. 

(10) Includes
 160,005 shares of common stock exercisable within 60 days under outstanding stock options
 and 18,391 shares of common stock exercisable within 60 days under outstanding warrants. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table presents information regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans as of December 31,
2022: 

Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 
 608,012 
 35.02 
 147,690 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders (1) 
 179,046 
 9.12 

Total 
 787,058 
 29.13 
 2,809,157 

(1) Consists
 of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of compensatory warrants granted to
 service providers. 

84 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions 

Our
Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing, approving and overseeing any transaction between the Company and its directors, director
nominees, executive officers, greater than 5 beneficial owners, and each of their respective immediate family members, where the amount
involved exceeds the lesser of (i) 120,000 and (ii) 1 of the average of our total assets at year-end for the prior two fiscal years.
Since January 1, 2021, there have been no such transactions except as described below. 

On
May 26, 2022, the Company acquired 2,232,861 shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock of NanoSynex, Ltd. NanoSynex from Alpha
Capital Anstalt Alpha Capital ), a related party, in exchange for 350,000 reverse split adjusted shares of the Company s
common stock and a prefunded warrant to purchase 331,464 reverse split adjusted shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise
price of 0.001 per share. These warrants were subsequently exercised on September 13, 2022. 

On
December 22, 2022, the Company issued to Alpha Capital, an 8 Senior Convertible Debenture (the Debenture in the
aggregate principal amount of 3,300,000 for a purchase price of 3,000,000 pursuant to the terms of a Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated December 21, 2022. The Debenture is convertible, at any time, and from time to time, at Alpha s option, into
shares of common stock of the Company, at a price equal to 1.32 per share, subject to adjustment as described in the Debenture and
other terms and conditions described in the Debenture, including the Company s receipt of the requisite stockholder approvals.
Additionally, on December 22, 2022, the Company issued to Alpha Capital a liability classified warrant to purchase 2,500,000 shares
of the Company s common stock (see Note 10-Warrant Liabilities to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). The exercise price of the warrant is 1.65 (equal to 125 of
the conversion price of the Debenture on the closing date). The warrant may be exercised by Alpha Capital, in whole or in part, at
any time on or after June 22, 2023 and before June 22, 2028, subject to certain terms conditions described in the warrant, including
the Company s receipt of the necessary stockholder approvals. 

Director
Independence 

Under
Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, a majority of a listed company s board of directors must be comprised of independent
directors, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, Nasdaq s continued listing requirements require that, subject to certain
exceptions, each member of a listed company s audit, compensation and governance and nominating committees must be independent.
Audit Committee members must also satisfy the independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. Under Nasdaq s
continued listing requirements, a director will only qualify as an independent director if, in the opinion of that company s
board of directors, such person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying
out the responsibilities of a director. 

Based
upon information requested from and provided by each director concerning their background, employment and affiliations, including family
relationships, our board of directors determined that each of Messrs. David, Emery, Korenberg and Kruger are independent under the applicable
rules and regulations of Nasdaq. In making such determinations, the board of directors considered the relationships that each such non-employee
director has with our company and all other facts and circumstances the board of directors deemed relevant in determining their independence. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Baker
Tilly US, LLP Baker Tilly serves as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and has served
in that capacity since June 2018. 

The
Audit Committee considered the independence of Baker Tilly and whether the audit services Baker Tilly provided to the Company are compatible
with maintaining that independence. The Audit Committee has adopted procedures by which the Audit Committee must approve in advance all
services provided by and fees paid to the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. The advance approval requirement
was not waived in any instance during 2022 or 2021. 

85 

Fees
and Services of Baker Tilly US, LLP 

The
following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed to the Company by Baker Tilly for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees(1) 
 411,362 
 267,020 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees (2) 
 35,050 
 25,175 
 
 All Other Fees 

Total 
 446,412 
 292,195 

(1) Audit
 fees consisted of fees for audit work performed in the audit of financial statements, as
 well as fees for quarterly reviews and registration statements. 

(2) These
 fees were incurred for professional services rendered in connection with tax compliance,
 tax advice, and tax planning. These services included income tax compliance and related tax
 services. 

The
Audit Committee has adopted a formal policy on auditor independence requiring the advance approval by the Audit Committee of all audit
and non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. In determining whether to approve any services
by our independent registered public accounting firm, the Audit Committee reviews the services and the estimated fees, and considers
whether approval of the proposed services will have a detrimental impact on the auditor s independence. On an annual basis, our
management reports to the Audit Committee all audit services performed during the previous 12 months and all fees billed by our independent
registered public accounting firm for such services. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, all audit services and the corresponding fees were approved by our Audit Committee. 

86 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)
The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

1.
 Financial Statements. The following documents are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report and are incorporated by reference
herein: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 23) 
 38 
 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 41 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 42 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 43 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 44 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 45 

2.
 Financial Statement Schedules. Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not required or are not applicable,
or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

3.
 Exhibits. See EXHIBIT INDEX 

87 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 

2.1 
 
 Contingent Value Rights Agreement, dated May 22, 2020, among the Company, John Beck in the capacity of CVR Holders Representative and Andrew J. Ritter in his capacity as a consultant to the Company. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 2.4 
 
 5/29/2020 

3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 3.1 
 
 7/1/2015 

3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 3.1 
 
 9/15/2017 

3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 3.1 
 
 3/22/2018 

3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series Alpha Preferred Stock of the Company, filed with the Delaware Secretary
 of State on May 29, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 3.1 
 
 5/29/2020 

3.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on May 22, 2020 [reverse stock split] 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 3.2 
 
 5/29/2020 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Merger, filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on May 22, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 3.3 
 
 5/29/2020 

3.7 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on May 22, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 3.4 
 
 5/29/2020 

3.8 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as of August 10, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 3.1 
 
 8/13/2021 

3.9 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 3.1 
 
 11/22/2022 

4.1 
 
 Warrant, issued by the Company in favor of Alpha Capital Anstalt, dated May 22, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.13 
 
 5/29/2020 

4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant, issued by the Company in favor of GreenBlock Capital LLC and its designees, dated May 22, 2020 [post-Merger] 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.10 
 
 5/29/2020 

4.3 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant in favor of Alpha Capital Anstalt, dated July 10, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.2 
 
 7/10/2020 

4.4 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant in favor of Alpha Capital Anstalt, dated August 4, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.3 
 
 8/4/2020 

4.5 
 
 Two-Year Common Stock Purchase Warrant for 1,348,314 shares in favor of Alpha Capital Anstalt, dated December 18, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.3 
 
 12/18/2020 

4.6 
 
 Deferred Common Stock Purchase Warrant in favor of Alpha Capital Anstalt, dated December 18, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.4 
 
 12/18/2020 

4.7 
 
 Form
 of liability classified Warrant to Purchase Common Stock 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 4.13 
 
 3/31/2021 

4.8 
 
 Form
 of service provider compensatory equity classified Warrant 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 4.14 
 
 3/31/2021 

4.9 
 
 Description of Common Stock 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 4.7 
 
 3/31/2020 

4.10 
 
 Amended and Restated Common Stock Purchase Warrant to GreenBlock Capital LLC, dated April 25, 2022 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-37428 
 
 4.15 
 
 5/13/2022 

4.11 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Common Stock Purchase Warrant to Christopher Nelson, dated April 25, 2022 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-37428 
 
 4.16 
 
 5/13/2022 

4.12 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant for 2,500,000 shares in favor of Alpha Capital Anstalt, dated December 22, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 4.1 
 
 12/22/2022 

10.1+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, by and between Qualigen, Inc. and Michael Poirier, dated as of February 1, 2017 and as amended on January 9, 2018 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/29/2020 

10.2+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, by and between Qualigen, Inc. and Christopher Lotz, dated as of February 1, 2017 and as amended on January 9, 2018 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.2 
 
 5/29/2020 

10.3+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement dated December 10, 2021 with Amy Broidrick 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.53 
 
 3/31/2022 

88 

10.4+ 
 
 2020
 Stock Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.20 
 
 5/29/2020 

10.5+ 
 
 Standard
 template of Stock Option Agreement for use under 2020 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.1 
 
 6/11/2020 

10.6+ 
 
 Form
 of Indemnification Agreement Qualigen, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.21 
 
 5/29/2020 

10.7 
 
 Exclusive
 Agreement (QN-24), by and between Qualigen, Inc. and University of Louisville Research Foundation, Inc. dated as of June 8,
 2018 
 
 S-4/A 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.58 
 
 3/13/2020 

10.8 
 
 Amendment 1 to the Exclusive License Agreement (QN-247), by and between Qualigen, Inc. and University of Louisville Research Foundation, Inc., dated March 16, 2021 

10.9 
 
 Amendment 2 to the Exclusive License Agreement (QN-247), by and between Qualigen, Inc. and University of Louisville Research Foundation, Inc., dated January 17, 2023 

10.10 
 
 Exclusive License Agreement between the Company and University of Louisville Research Foundation (RAS), Inc., dated as of July 17, 2020 

10.11 
 
 Amendment 1 to the Exclusive License Agreement (RAS), by and between Qualigen, Inc. and University of Louisville Research Foundation, Inc., dated March 16, 2021 

10.12 
 
 License
 Agreement between Qualigen, Inc. and Advanced Cancer Therapeutics, LLC dated December 17, 2018 
 
 S-4/A 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.59 
 
 3/13/2020 

10.13 
 
 Novation
 Agreement among the Company, Qualigen, Inc. and Advanced Cancer Therapeutics, LLC dated July 29, 2020 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.31 
 
 3/31/2021 

10.14 
 
 Technology
 Transfer Agreement dated as of October 7, 2020 between Qualigen, Inc. and Yi Xin Zhen Duan Jishu (Suzhou) Ltd. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.1 
 
 10/9/2020 

10.15 
 
 Novation
 Agreement among the Company, Qualigen, Inc. and University of Louisville Research Foundation, Inc. dated January 30, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/14/2021 

10.16 
 
 Novation
 Agreement among the Company, Qualigen, Inc. and University of Louisville Research Foundation, Inc. dated March 1, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.2 
 
 5/14/2021 

10.17+ 
 
 Hire
 offer letter from the Company to Tariq Arshad, dated April 22, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/16/2021 

10.18 
 
 Amendment
 to Technology Transfer Agreement between Yi Xin Zhen Duan Jishu (Suzhou) Ltd. and Qualigen, Inc., dated August 5, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/15/2021 

10.19 
 
 Amendment
 to 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (approved by the Board of Directors on April 27, 2021 and by the Stockholders on August 9, 2021) 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.3 
 
 11/15/2021 

10.20 
 
 Second
 Amendment to Lease with Bond Ranch LP dated December 15, 2021 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.54 
 
 3/31/2022 

10.21 
 
 First Deed of Variation to License Agreement with UCL Business Limited dated March 30, 2022 

10.22 
 
 Series
 B Preferred Share Purchase Agreement between the Company and NanoSynex Ltd. dated April 29, 2022 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.1 
 
 5/13/2022 

10.23 
 
 Share
 Purchase Agreement between the Company and Alpha Capital Anstalt dated April 29, 2022 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.2 
 
 5/13/2022 

10.24 
 
 Master
 Agreement for the Operational and Technological Funding of NanoSynex between Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. and NanoSynex Ltd., dated
 May 26, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.1 
 
 6/2/2022 

89 

10.25+ 
 
 Qualigen
 Therapeutics, Inc. 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/14/2022 

10.26+ 
 
 Amendment
 No. 2 to the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan of Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/22/2022 

10.27+ 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to the 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/22/2022 

10.28 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated December 21, 2022, by and between Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. and Alpha Capital Anstalt 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/22/2022 

10.29 
 
 8 
 Senior Convertible Debenture Due December 22, 2025 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.2 
 
 12/22/2022 

10.30 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated December 22, 2022, by and between Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. and Alpha Capital Anstalt 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 10.3 
 
 12/22/2022 

10.31+ 
 
 Letter to Michael P. Poirier, dated January 13, 2023, regarding compensatory changes 

10.32+ 
 
 Letter to Amy Broidrick, dated January 13, 2023, regarding compensatory changes 

10.33+ 
 
 Letter to Tariq Arshad, dated January 13, 2023, regarding compensatory changes 

14.1 
 
 Code
 of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37428 
 
 14.1 
 
 5/29/2020 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of the Registrant 

23.1 
 
 Consent
 of Baker Tilly US, LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 

24.1 
 
 Power
 of Attorney (included on signature page) 

31.1 
 
 Certificate
 of principal executive officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certificate
 of principal financial officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certificate
 of principal executive officer and principal financial officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS# 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH# 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL# 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF# 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB# 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE# 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed or furnished herewith. 

Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedules will be furnished to the SEC
upon request. 

 +
Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

 #
XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed herewith, is not a part of a registration statement
or Prospectus for purposes of sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

90 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Qualigen
 Therapeutics, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/
 Michael S. Poirier 

Michael
 S. Poirier 

Chairman
 of the Board, Chief Executive Officer 

Date:
 May 2, 2023 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Michael S. Poirier and
Christopher L. Lotz, and each of them individually, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution
and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual
Report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every
act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do
in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or his substitute or substitutes,
may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Michael S. Poirier 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 May 2, 2023 
 
 Michael
 S. Poirier 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Christopher L. Lotz 
 
 Vice
 President of Finance, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 May 2, 2023 
 
 Christopher
 L. Lotz 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Amy S. Broidrick 
 
 President, Chief Strategy and Operating Officer 
 
 May 2, 2023 
 
 Amy
 S. Broidrick 

/s/
 Richard A. David 
 
 Director 
 
 May 2, 2023 
 
 Richard
 A. David 

/s/
 Sidney W. Emery, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 May 2, 2023 
 
 Sidney
 W. Emery, Jr. 

/s/
 Matthew E. Korenberg 
 
 Director 
 
 May 2, 2023 
 
 Matthew
 E. Korenberg 

/s/
 Kurt H. Kruger 
 
 Director 
 
 May 2, 2023 
 
 Kurt
 H. Kruger 

/s/
 Ira E. Ritter 
 
 Director 
 
 May 2, 2023 
 
 Ira
 E. Ritter 

91 

<EX-10.8>
 2
 ex10-8.htm

Exhibit 10.8 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 3
 ex10-9.htm

Exhibit 10.9 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 4
 ex10-10.htm

Exhibit 10.10 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 5
 ex10-11.htm

Exhibit 10.11 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.21>
 6
 ex10-21.htm

Exhibit
10.21 

Certain
identified information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material and is the type that the registrant treats
as private or confidential. Information that was omitted has been noted in this document with a placeholder identified by the mark [ ] . 

First
Deed of Variation 

THIS
DEED OF VARIATION is made as of the 30 th day of March 2022 BETWEEN 

(1) UCL
 Business Limited , a company incorporated in England and Wales under company registration
 number 02776963 whose registered office is at University College London, Gower Street London
 WC1E 6BT UCLB ); and 

(2) Qualigen
 Therapeutics, Inc. , a Delaware (USA) corporation whose principal place of business is
 at 2042 Corte del Nogal, Carlsbad, California 92011 USA (the Licensee (each a Party and together the Parties ). 

WHEREAS 

(A) The
 Parties entered into a licence agreement with an effective date of 13 January 2022, (the
 Agreement ). 

(B) The
 Parties wish to make certain further changes to the Agreement as set out in this deed (the
 First Deed of Variation ). 

THIS
DEED OF VARIATION WITNESSES AS FOLLOWS: 

1. INTERPRETATION 

1.1 For
 the purposes of this First Deed of Variation, Appendix means the appendix
 to this First Deed of Variation and First Amendment Date means March
 30th 2022. 

1.2 In
 the event of any conflict between the terms of the Agreement (excluding this First Deed of
 Variation) and the terms of this First Deed of Variation, then the terms of this First Deed
 of Variation shall prevail and be applied. 

2. AMENDMENTS
 TO THE AGREEMENT 

2.1 The
 Parties hereby agree that with effect from the First Amendment Date, the terms of the Agreement
 shall be amended in accordance with the revisions shown to the Agreement in the Appendix
 and the Agreement will thereafter be read and construed in accordance with that amended form. 

3. CONTINUING
 FORCE AND EFFECT 

3.1 Save
 as varied by this First Deed of Variation, the Agreement shall continue and remain in full
 force and effect. If the Agreement terminates for any reason, this First Deed of Variation
 will automatically terminate at the same time. 

4. MISCELLANEOUS 

4.1 This
 First Deed of Variation may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which when executed
 shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and
 the same deed. Delivery of an executed counterpart by email shall be as effective as delivery
 of the original. 

4.2 The
 Agreement and this First Deed of Variation constitute the entire agreement between the Parties
 relating to their subject matter and supersedes any previous agreement between the Parties
 relating to such matter. 

4.3 Neither
 Party has relied upon any promise, condition, representation or warranty, express or implied,
 to enter into this First Deed of Variation, other than those warranties and representations
 set out in the Agreement as amended hereunder. 

4.4 Nothing
 in this First Deed of Variation, nor the amendment of the Agreement, waives, discharges,
 releases or in any other way excuses or excludes any Party s obligations or liabilities
 in respect of any accrued liabilities or breaches under the Agreement. 

4.5 None
 of the provisions of this First Deed of Variation may be changed, modified, waived or cancelled
 orally or otherwise, except by writing, in the manner provided in the Agreement, specifying
 such change, modification, waiver or cancellation of such terms or conditions, or of any
 proceeding or succeeding breach thereof. 

5. GOVERNING
 LAW 

5.1 This
 First Deed of Variation shall be governed by, interpreted and construed in accordance with
 English Law and any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in relation to this First
 Deed of Variation shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 

APPENDIX 

LICENCE
AGREEMENT 

between 

UCL
Business Limited 

and 

Qualigen
Therapeutics, Inc. 

Dated:
13/01/2022 

Ref: 

INDEX 

1. Definitions 
 1 

2. Grant
 of Rights 
 10 

3. Know-how
 and other Confidential Information 
 15 

4. Payments 
 18 

5. Commercialisation 
 24 

6. Access
 to Medicines and Ethical Licensing 
 28 

7. Compliance
 with Laws 
 29 

8. Intellectual
 Property 
 31 

9. Warranties
 and Liability 
 34 

10. Duration
 and Termination 
 38 

11. General 
 43 

Schedule 1 Licensed Technology 
 48 

Schedule 2 Appointment of
 Expert 
 51 

Schedule 3 Development Plan 
 52 

Schedule 4 List of Countries
 and Territories for Patents 
 53 

Schedule 5 Royalty Statement 
 54 

The
schedules and exhibits to this agreement have not been filed pursuant to Regulation S-K 601(a)(5). The registrant agrees to provide any
omitted schedule or exhibit to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request 

THIS
AGREEMENT is was made the 13 th day of January 2022 and is hereby amended and restated as of the
30 th day of March 2022 (the First Amendment Date 

BETWEEN: 

(1) UCL
 BUSINESS LIMITED , a company incorporated in England and Wales under company registration
 number 02776963 whose registered office is at University College London, Gower Street London
 WC1E 6BT UCLB ); 

and 

(2) Qualigen
 Therapeutics, Inc. , a Delaware (USA) corporation whose principal place of business is
 at 2042 Corte del Nogal, Carlsbad, California 92011 USA (the Licensee ). 

WHEREAS: 

A. University
 College London UCL ), through the Principal Investigator, has developed certain
 technology and owns certain intellectual property rights relating to G-Quadruplex binding
 molecules, including the Patents , and the Know-how and the Materials . 

B. UCLB
 hereby represents and warrants to the Licensee that UCL has assigned to UCLB all of its right,
 title and interest in and to such property. 

C. The
 Licensee wishes to acquire rights under the Patents and to use the Know-how and the Materials
 for the development and commercialisation of Licensed Products in the Field and in the
 Territory, all in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. 

D. The
 Licensee acknowledges that UCLB and UCL are committed to implementing effective technology
 transfer strategies that promote the availability of health-related technologies in developing
 countries for essential medical care, as set out in UCL s Statement of Principles and
 Strategies for the Equitable Dissemination of Medical Technologies, and has agreed to work
 with UCLB and UCL to achieve this commitment with respect to the Patents , and
 the Know- how and the Materials . 

E. The
 Licensee also acknowledges that it is UCL s and UCLB s policy neither to support
 Tobacco Companies nor to accept funds from Tobacco Companies. Accordingly, UCLB is required
 to place certain restrictions on the Licensee in this Agreement in order to support this
 policy. 

NOW
IT IS AGREED as follows: 

1. DEFINITIONS 

In
this Agreement: 

Affiliate
 in relation to a Party, means any entity or person that Controls, is Controlled by, or is under common Control with that Party. 

At-Cost
Markets means those markets in Developing Countries where individual poverty and insufficient public funding prevent access to healthcare
at developed country prices. 

Claims
 means all demands, claims, and liability (whether criminal or civil, in contract, tort or otherwise) for losses, damages, costs and
expenses of any nature whatsoever and all costs and expenses (including legal costs) incurred in connection therewith, in each case which
are payable to third parties, incurred by Indemnitees in connection with any and all suits, actions, investigations, claims or demands
of a third party. 

Commencement
Date means the date specified above. 

Confidential
Information means: 

a) the
 existence, subject matter and terms of this Agreement; 

b) the
 Know-how and the Materials (including any technical information subsisting in or relating
 to the Materials) ; 

c) any
 and all information that would qualify as a trade secret pursuant to the EU Trade Secrets
 Directive or equivalent law of the United States or of the applicable constituent State of
 the United States; 

d) any
 and all information which reasonably ought to have been understood (by a reasonable business
 person) to be confidential and/or non-public information at the time disclosed to the Receiving
 Party; 

e) any
 and all information which is identified as being confidential or otherwise designated to
 show expressly that it is imparted in confidence including information relating to: 

i) the
 business, affairs, customers, clients, suppliers, or plans, intentions, or market opportunities
 of the Disclosing Party; or 

ii) the
 operations, specifications, research, inventions, processes, initiatives, product information,
 technology, know-how, designs, trade secrets or software of the Disclosing Party, 

in
each case which is disclosed orally, visually (for example, in electronic form) or in writing by or on behalf of one Party to the other
Party, and shall include any information, analyses, compilations, studies, minutes of meetings, or other documents or physical materials
prepared by or on behalf of the Receiving Party which include or otherwise derive from information received (directly or indirectly)
from the Disclosing Party. 

1 

Control
 means: 

(a) holding
 the right by contract to require that the person under Control conducts its affairs in accordance
 with the wishes of the person who holds that right; or 

(b) in
 relation to a body corporate, the direct or indirect beneficial ownership of more than 50 
 (fifty percent) (or outside of a Party s home territory, such lesser percentage as
 is the maximum permitted level of foreign investment) of the issued shares or securities
 of the other entity or the legal power to direct or cause the direction of the general management
 of the other entity in question, or its holding company or parent undertaking; and 

(c) in
 relation to a partnership, the right to a share of more than half the assets, or of more
 than half the income, of the partnership; 

Cost-Based
Price means, in respect of each Licensed Product, a price not exceeding that which fairly reflects the direct cost of manufacture
of the Licensed Product plus a typical margin for a generic pharmaceutical product for the respective market. 

Developing
Country or Developing Countries refers to those countries that are at the relevant time: 

a) eligible
 for support from the Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunization; and 

b) to
 the extent not included in a); 

i) defined
 as of the relevant time by the World Bank as Low-Income and Lower- Middle-Income Countries,
 as such definitions may be amended from time to time by the World Bank; and 

ii) all
 other countries that may be mutually agreed to by UCLB and the Licensee from time to time. 

Diligent
Efforts means exerting such efforts and employing such resources at least commensurate to the level of efforts and resources that
a reasonable third party entity would devote to a product of similar market potential at a similar stage of its product life, when utilizing
sound and reasonable scientific, medical and business practice and judgment in order to develop the product in a timely manner and maximize
the economic return to the Parties from its commercialisation. 

Disclosing
Party has the meaning given in Clause 3.3. 

2 

Field
 means development, manufacture, marketing and sale of human pharmaceuticals. 

First
Commercial Sale means the first sale to a third party of a Licensed Product in a given regulatory jurisdiction after all regulatory
and marketing approvals have been obtained for such Licensed Product in such jurisdiction. A sale shall not be deemed to have occurred
if a Licensed Product is provided pursuant to an early access or compassionate use. 

First
Indication means the first Indication in cancer for which a Licensed Product has been approved by a Regulatory Authority. 

Historic
Patent Costs has the meaning given in Clause 4.2. 

Indemnitees
 has the meaning given in Clause 9.6. 

Indication
 means a separate, distinct and well-categorized class of human disease, syndrome or medical condition. For clarity, different stages
of the same disease or condition will not be different Indications, varying manifestations of the same disease or condition will not
be different Indications, different lines of treatment of the same disease or condition will not be different Indications, and the treatment
or prevention of the same disease or condition in different demographic groups (e.g., adult and pediatric) will not be different Indications. 

Insolvency
Event in relation to a Party means: 

(a) a
 notice is issued to convene a meeting for the purpose of a passing a resolution to wind it
 up, or such a resolution is passed other than a resolution for its solvent reconstruction
 or reorganisation; 

(b) a
 resolution is passed by its directors to seek a winding up or a petition for a winding up
 order is presented against it, or such an order is made; 

(c) a
 receiver, administrative receiver, receiver and manager, interim receiver, custodian, sequestrator,
 administrator or similar officer is appointed in respect of that Party or over a substantial
 part of its assets, or a notice of intention to appoint an administrator is filed in respect
 of that Party, or an encumbrancer enforces its security, or any distress, attachment, sequestration
 or execution or other similar process affects any of its assets and is not discharged within
 60 days; 

(d) a
 proposal for a voluntary arrangement is made in relation to it under Part I of the Insolvency
 Act 1986; 

3 

(e) any
 step or event is taken or arises outside the United Kingdom which is similar or analogous
 to any of the steps or events listed at (a) to (d) above including the case the Licensee
 files, in any court or agency pursuant to any applicable law, a petition in bankruptcy or
 insolvency or for reorganization or for an arrangement or for the appointment of a receiver
 or trustee of the Licensee or of its assets, or if the Licensee is served with an involuntary
 petition against it, filed in any proceeding of such sort, and such petition is not dismissed
 within 60 days after the filing thereof, or if the Licensee overtly proposes to dissolve
 or liquidate, or if the Licensee makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors; 

(f) it
 proposes or makes any general assignment, composition or arrangement with or for the benefit
 of all or some of its creditors (other than for the sole purpose of a solvent amalgamation
 or solvent reconstruction), or it suspends making payments to all or some of its creditors. 

Know-how
means: 

all
technical information and know-how developed in any UCL laboratory of the Principal Investigator relating directly to the inventions
claimed in the Patents (but which information/ know-how is not the subject of a Patent and is not in the public domain); and described
in the Part B of Schedule 1. 

Laboratory
 means any laboratory of the Principal Investigator at UCL. 

Licensed
Products means any and all products that are developed, manufactured, used, or sold by or on behalf of the Licensee or its Affiliates
and which (a) are within (or are manufactured using a process described in a Valid Claim of) the Patents in the country where sold and/or
(b) incorporate, or their development or manufacture makes use of, any of the Know-how and/or the Materials . 

Licensed
Technology means the Patents , and the Know-how and the Materials . 

Licensee
Improvements means all improvements, modifications, adaptations and new uses of the Patents , and the Know-how
(and all intellectual property rights therein) and the Materials generated by the Licensee, its Affiliates and its Sub-licensees
during the period of this Agreement. 

Materials
 means any and all of the materials referred to in Part C of Schedule 1. 

Marketing
Authorisation means those Regulatory Approval(s) required by applicable laws and regulations in a particular country or territory
in order to sell or commercially supply a medicinal product and/or device in that country or territory. 

4 

Net
Receipts means the amount of any cash consideration (excluding value added or other sales tax), and if there is any tangible non-cash
consideration, the relevant open market price for such non-cash consideration in the relevant country or territory or if the relevant
open market price is not ascertainable, a reasonable price, assessed on an arm s length basis, received by or due to the Licensee
or its Affiliates, in relation to the development or sub-licensing (including the grant of any option over a sub-licence) of any of the
Patents , and the Know-how and/or the Materials , or the grant of any right (including an option to acquire
a licence) to develop, manufacture, market, or sell Licensed Products, and including any or all of the following (but all only where
in relation to the development or sub-licensing (including the grant of any option over a sub-licence) of any of the Patents , 
 and the Know-how and/or the Materials , or the grant of any right (including an option to acquire a licence) to
develop, manufacture, market, or sell Licensed Products): 

a) up-front,
 milestone (whether at the stage of development, marketing or otherwise), success, bonus,
 maintenance and periodic (including annual) payments, royalty and minimum royalty payments
 due under any sub-licence agreement; 

b) payments
 in respect of the funding of research or development activities related to the Patents ,
 and the Know-how and/or the Materials or any Licensed Product,
 to the extent that such payments exceed reimbursement of the actual costs and expenses incurred
 by the Licensee or its Affiliates in performing the relevant research or development activities
 without any mark-up being applied to those costs and expenses and without any overhead charges
 being applied; 

c) where
 any sub-licence is to be granted under cross-licensing arrangements, the value of any third
 party licence obtained under such arrangements; 

d) any
 premium paid over the fair market value of shares, options or other securities in respect
 of any of the share capital of the Licensee or its Affiliates issued as a component of such
 a transaction (such fair market value to be determined on the assumption that UCLB had not
 granted, nor agreed to grant, any rights to the Licensee in respect of any of the Patents ,
 and the Know-how and the Materials ); 

e) the
 extra benefit (above normal market terms) of any loan, guarantee or other financial benefit
 made or given other than on normal market terms, occurring as a component of such a transaction; 

f) any
 shares, options or other securities obtained from a third party in consideration for the
 grant of the relevant rights; and 

g) any
 other payments in respect of the Patents, including payments awarded by a court or arbitrator
 or other authorised body but excluding any damages awarded as compensation for lost sales
 which will be treated as Net Sales Value. 

5 

Net
Sales Value means: 

a) the
 gross invoiced price of Licensed Products sold by or on behalf of the Licensee or its Affiliates
 in arm s length transactions for a cash consideration; and/ or 

b) where
 the sale is not at arm s length and/ or is for or includes a non-cash consideration,
 or if Licensed Products are disposed of for free by the Licensee or its Affiliates (except
 in the context of or subject to Clause 5.9), the relevant open market price for the Licensed
 Product in the country or territory in which the sale, use or disposal takes place or if
 the relevant open market price is not ascertainable, a reasonable price, assessed on an arm s
 length basis therefor, 

after
deduction of all documented: 

i) normal
 trade rebates and discounts (but excluding early payment discounts) actually granted and
 any credits actually given for rejected or returned Licensed Products; 

ii) amounts
 invoiced for Licensed Product sales but actually written off in good faith as uncollectible
 bad debt (net of any recoveries on written-off debt); 

iii) costs
 of packaging, insurance, carriage and freight, provided in each case that the amounts are
 separately charged to the purchaser on the relevant invoice; 

iv) value
 added tax or other sales tax; and 

v) import
 and export duties or similar applicable government levies charged to the purchaser on the
 relevant invoice, 

provided
that such deductions do not exceed reasonable and customary amounts in the markets in which such sales occurred. Sales of Licensed Products
between the Licensee and its Affiliates shall not be taken into account for the purposes of calculating Net Sales Value 
unless there is subsequent sale to a third party in an arm s length transaction for a cash consideration. 

Parties
 means UCLB and the Licensee, and Party shall mean either of them. 

Patents
 means any and all of the patents and patent applications referred to in Part A of Schedule 1, including any continuations, continuations
in part, extensions, reissues, divisions, and any patents, supplementary protection certificates and similar rights that are based on
or derive priority from the foregoing. 

6 

Person
 means any individual, partnership, limited liability company, firm, corporation, association, trust, unincorporated organization
or other entity. 

Phase
I Study means a human clinical trial of a product in any country, the principal purpose of which is a preliminary determination of
safety in healthy individuals or patients, that would satisfy the requirements of 21 C.F.R. 312.21(a), or a similar clinical study prescribed
by the relevant regulatory authority in a country other than the United States. 

Phase
II Study means a clinical study of an investigational product in patients with the primary objective of characterizing its activity
in a specific disease state as well as generating more detailed safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics information. The investigational
product can be administered to patients as a single agent or in combination with other investigational or marketed agents and shall be
deemed commenced when the first patient in such study has received his or her initial dose of a product. A Phase II Study 
shall include any clinical trial that would satisfy the requirements of 21 C.F.R. 312.21(b), or a comparable clinical study prescribed
by the relevant regulatory authority in a country other than the United States. 

Phase
III Study means a clinical study of an investigational product in patients that incorporates accepted endpoints for confirmation
of statistical significance of efficacy and safety with the aim to obtain regulatory approval in any country as described in 21 C.F.R.
 312.21(c), or a comparable clinical study prescribed by the relevant regulatory authority in a country other than the United States. 

Principal
Investigator means [ ], who was an employee of UCL, when the Patents and the Know-how were developed. 

Receiving
Party has the meaning given in Clause 3.3. 

Registration
 means any approvals required for the marketing and sale of products based on or which utilise the Patents , and/or
 the Know-how and/or the Materials in a country of the Territory. 

Regulatory
Approval means any and all approvals (including any applicable supplements, amendments, pre and post approvals, and approvals of
applications for regulatory exclusivity), licenses, registrations, or authorisations of any federal, national, multinational, state,
provincial or local regulatory agency, department, bureau, commission, council or other governmental entity necessary for the manufacture,
distribution, use, testing, development, storage, import, export, transport, promotion, marketing and sale of a medicinal product and/or
device in a country or countries. 

7 

Regulatory
Authority means any regulatory authority or competent body in any jurisdiction as relevant to a Licensed Product and/or the manufacture,
approval, Registration and sale thereof. 

Second
Indication means the second Indication in cancer for which a Licensed Product has been approved by a Regulatory Authority. 

Sub-licensee
 means any third party (other than an Affiliate) to whom the Licensee grants a sub-licence of its rights under this Agreement in accordance
with Clause 2.3. 

Subsequent
Indication means any Indication in cancer subsequent to the Second Indication for which a Licensed Product has been approved by a
Regulatory Authority. 

Territory
 means worldwide. 

Third
Party has the meaning as given in Clause 11.12. 

Tobacco
Company means: (i) any person who develops, sells or manufactures tobacco products; and/ or (ii) any person which makes the majority
of its profits from the importation, marketing, sale or disposal of tobacco products. Furthermore, Tobacco Company shall include any
person that is Controlled by or under common Control with any of the persons referred to in (i) and/or (ii); and for the purposes of
this definition, Control means the possession (directly or indirectly) of fifty per cent (50 or more of the voting stock
or other equity interest of a subject entity with the power to vote, or the power in fact to control the management decisions of such
entity through the ownership of securities or by contract or otherwise; and Controlling and Controlled by 
shall be construed accordingly. 

UCL
 means University College London, having its principal place of business at Gower Street London WC1E 6BT. 

UCLB
Improvements means all improvements, modifications, adaptations and new uses of the Patents, and the Know-how (and
all intellectual property rights therein) and/or the Materials which are: 

a) in
 the Field; 

b) generated
 by the Principal Investigator in any UCL laboratory and/or any other employees of UCL under
 the Principal Investigator s supervision in any UCL laboratory during the period of
 twenty four (24) months following the Commencement Date; 

8 

c) free
 (as of the time of creation, discovery or acquisition of the improvement, modification, adaptation
 or new use) from any ownership rights of or other obligations to third parties which would
 prevent UCLB from granting a licence thereof to the Licensee pursuant to Clause 2.5.2. 

For
clarity, any employee of UCL who is in good faith named as a principal investigator with the Principal Investigator on any grant application
will not for the purposes of any research conducted pursuant to such grant be regarded as being under the supervision of the Principal
Investigator. 

Valid
Claim means a claim of a patent or patent application that has not been abandoned or allowed to lapse or expired or been rejected
or revoked without a right of appeal in the relevant country or territory or been held invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent
jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment. 

2. GRANT
 OF RIGHTS 

2.1 Licences. 

UCLB
hereby grants to the Licensee and its Affiliates, and the Licensee hereby accepts on its own behalf and on behalf of its Affiliates,
subject to the provisions of this Agreement: 

2.1.1 an
 exclusive licence under the Patents and the Materials , with the right to sub-license,
 subject to Clause 2.3, to develop, have developed, manufacture, have manufactured, import,
 use, sell and have sold Licensed Products only in the Field and in the Territory; and 

2.1.2 a
 non-exclusive licence to use the Know-how, with the right to sub-license, subject to Clause
 2.3, to develop, have developed, manufacture, have manufactured, import, use, sell and have
 sold Licensed Products only in the Field and in the Territory. 

2.2 Formal
 Licences and Supply/Use of the Materials . 

2.2.1 UCLB
 shall at the Licensee s request and cost execute such formal licences as may be necessary
 or appropriate to enable the Licensee to register the licences granted to it under this Agreement
 with the patent offices in the Territory. If there is a conflict in meaning between any formal
 licence and this Agreement, this Agreement shall prevail wherever possible. The Licensee
 shall use its best endeavours to ensure that this Agreement shall not form part of any public
 record. 

9 

2.2.2 On
 or within (15) fifteen business days of the Frist Amendment Date, UCLB shall procure that
 UCL sends the Materials to the Licensee in such form and by such methods as the Parties may
 agree. 

2.2.3 The
 Licensee shall be responsible for any reasonable shipping and related packing or transportation
 costs which may be incurred in preparing and sending the Materials to the Licensee. The Licensee
 shall also bear all risks of loss of the Materials in transit. 

2.2.4 The
 Licensee, its Affiliates and its Sub-licensees (where applicable) shall use the Materials
 for the purposes of this Agreement only. The Licensee shall (and shall ensure that its Affiliates
 and Sub-licensees) use the Materials in accordance with good laboratory practice and the
 highest standards of skill and care and shall ensure compliance with any applicable laws
 and regulations governing the transportation, keeping or use of the Materials. 

2.3 Sub-Licensing. 

The
Licensee shall be entitled to grant sub-licences of its rights under this Agreement to any third party, provided that: 

2.3.1 the
 Licensee receives UCLB s permission (which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
 or delayed) prior to the grant of the sub-licence; 

2.3.2 the
 Licensee notifies UCLB promptly of the grant of the sub-licence and shall enter into a written
 sub-licence agreement with such third party; 

2.3.3 such
 sub-licence agreement shall include obligations on the Sub-licensee which are consistent
 with the obligations on the Licensee under this Agreement (but it is understood that the
 Sub-licensee shall not be required to make payments to UCLB corresponding to the Licensee s
 payment obligations under Clause 4); 

2.3.4 such
 sub-licence agreement shall prohibit the Sub-licensee from granting further sub- licences
 of its rights under the Patents and to use the Know-how and/or the Materials ; 

2.3.5 the
 proposed sub-licensee is not a Tobacco Company or an Affiliate of such a company or a Person
 involved as its primary business in arms dealing, gambling operations, or the promotion of
 violence or an Affiliate of such Person, or if the proposed sub-licensee is a Person regularly
 involved in child labour or an Affiliate of such Person; 

10 

2.3.6 each
 sub-licence shall terminate automatically upon termination of this Agreement for any reason
 (but not expiry of this Agreement under Clause 10.1) except where: 

(a) the
 Sub-licensee was not implicated in or at fault in any circumstances which led to the termination
 of this Agreement; 

(b) the
 benefit (but not the burden) of the sub-licence agreement is validly assigned to UCLB in
 writing by the Licensee within seven (7) days following the date of termination of this Agreement;
 and 

(c) following
 such assignment, the Sub-licensee observes in full the terms of the sub-licence agreement
 including paying all sums due to the Licensee under the sub-licence agreement directly to
 UCLB in a timely manner, 

in
which case the Sub-licensee s rights to use (to the full extent of and with the full benefit of whatever exclusivity which UCLB
herein grants to the Licensee, had been afforded by the Licensee to the Sub-licensee in the sub-license) the Patents and the Know-how
 and/or the Materials shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms of the relevant sub-licence agreement; 

2.3.7 the
 Licensee shall provide a certified true copy of each sub-licence agreement and of any subsequent
 amendments to it to UCLB within thirty (30) days following execution; and 

2.3.8 the
 Licensee shall ensure that each Sub-licensee complies fully with the terms of the relevant
 sub-licence agreement. The Licensee shall be responsible for any breach of or non-compliance
 with a sub-licence agreement by its Sub-licensees as if the breach or non-compliance had
 been a breach of or non-compliance with this Agreement by the Licensee, and the Licensee
 shall indemnify each of the Indemnitees against any Claims which are awarded against or suffered
 by any of the Indemnitees as a result of any such breach or non-compliance by its Sub-licensees. 

The
Licensee acknowledges that a breach of Clauses 2.3.1 to 2.3.5 (inclusive) shall be considered a material breach of this Agreement for
the purpose of Clause 10.2.1. 

2.4 Reservation
 of Rights. 

2.4.1 UCLB
 reserves for itself and its non-commercial Affiliates the non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide,
 royalty-free right to (but only to): 

(a) use
 the Patents and the Materials in the Field for its or their own internal non- commercially
 funded research (including conducting clinical trials), academic purposes, publication and
 teaching; 

11 

(b) license
 other academic institutions to use the Patents and the Materials in the Field solely
 for their own internal non-commercially funded research (including conducting clinical trials),
 academic purposes, publication and teaching; and 

(c) grant
 licences to use the Patents and the Materials in the Field to post graduate students
 of UCL for the sole purpose of conducting a wholly non- commercial programme of post graduate
 academic research. 

2.4.2 Except
 for the licences expressly granted by this Clause 2, UCLB grants no rights to the Licensee
 and its Affiliates to or under any intellectual property or know-how other than the Patents ,
 and the Know-how and the Materials , and UCLB hereby expressly
 reserves all rights under the Patents , and the Know-how and the
 Materials outside the Field. 

2.5 Access
 to Improvements 

2.5.1 Licensee
 Improvements 

(a) the
 Licensee shall notify UCLB of each Licensee Improvement, in sufficient detail to allow UCLB
 to make use thereof, as soon as reasonably practicable following the creation, discovery
 or acquisition of the relevant Licensee Improvement. 

(b) the
 Licensee hereby grants to UCLB and its wholly non-commercial Affiliates, and UCLB hereby
 accepts on its own behalf and on behalf of its wholly non- commercial Affiliates, subject
 to the provisions of this Agreement a non- exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free,
 irrevocable and perpetual licence under the Licensee Improvements: 

(i) to
 use the Licensee Improvements solely for its or their own internal non-commercially funded
 research (including conducting clinical trials), academic purposes, publication and teaching; 

(ii) to
 license other academic institutions to use the Licensee Improvements solely for their own
 internal non-commercially funded research (including conducting clinical trials), academic
 purposes, publication and teaching; and 

(iii) to
 grant licences of the Licensee Improvements to post graduate students of UCL for the sole
 purpose of conducting a wholly non- commercial programme of post graduate academic research. 

12 

2.5.2 UCLB
 Improvements 

(a) UCLB
 shall notify the Licensee of each UCLB Improvement, in sufficient detail to allow the Licensee
 to make use thereof, as soon as reasonably practicable following the creation, discovery
 or acquisition of the relevant UCLB Improvement being brought to UCLB s knowledge. 

(b) UCLB
 hereby grants to the Licensee an exclusive option to obtain a licence of any UCLB Improvements,
 such licence to be on commercial terms to be negotiated between the Parties. 

(c) The
 Licensee shall have a period of three (3) months from the date of UCLB s notification
 to review and evaluate each UCLB Improvement (the Evaluation Period ).
 The Licensee may exercise its option over each UCLB Improvement at any time during the relevant
 Evaluation Period by serving a written notice upon UCLB. 

(d) If
 the Licensee exercises its option over any UCLB Improvement in accordance with sub-clause
 (c) above, the Licensee and UCLB will use their reasonable endeavours to negotiate in good
 faith and agree the terms of a licence for the relevant UCLB Improvement within a period
 of twelve (12) months from the date of UCLB s receipt of the Licensee s written
 notice (the Negotiation Period ), provided that neither Party will be
 obliged to enter into such a licence. 

(e) UCLB
 shall not enter into a licence agreement (whether exclusive or non- exclusive) with a third
 party in respect of any UCLB Improvement during the relevant Evaluation Period and if the
 Licensee exercises its option in accordance with sub-clause (c) above, during the relevant
 Negotiation Period. If the Licensee does not exercise its option in relation to any UCLB
 Improvement within the relevant Evaluation Period or if the Licensee does exercise its option,
 but the Parties cannot agree upon the licence terms within the relevant Negotiation Period,
 UCLB shall be at liberty to use the relevant UCLB Improvement for any purpose whatsoever
 and to enter into any licence or other agreements or arrangements with any third party or
 parties to exploit the UCLB Improvement at its sole discretion. 

2.6 Affiliates. 

The
Licensee shall: 

2.6.1 ensure
 that its Affiliates comply fully with the terms of this Agreement; 

13 

2.6.2 be
 responsible for any breach of or non-compliance with this Agreement by its Affiliates as
 if the breach or non-compliance had been a breach of or non-compliance with this Agreement
 by the Licensee; 

2.6.3 indemnify
 each of the Indemnitees against any Claims which are awarded against or suffered by any of
 the Indemnitees as a result of any breach of or non-compliance with this Agreement by its
 Affiliates; and 

2.6.4 ensure
 that if any Affiliate ceases to be an Affiliate as a result of a change of Control or otherwise,
 that former Affiliate immediately upon such cessation: 

(a) ceases
 developing, manufacturing, having manufactured, importing, using, selling and/ or having
 sold Licensed Products and ceases all, use or exploitation of each Valid Claim of an issued
 Patent within the Licensed Technology, for as long as the applicable patent claim continues
 to be a Valid Claim of an issued Patent within the Licensed Technology, and ceases
 all use or exploitation of each item of Know-how within the Licensed Technology, for as long
 as the applicable item of Know-how remains confidentia confidential, and
 ceases all use or exploitation of the Materials l; 

(b) returns
 to the Licensee or destroys any documents or other materials in the former Affiliate s
 possession or under its control and that contain UCLB s Confidential Information or
 any confidential information of the Licensee relating to the Licensed Technology and/ or
 Licensed Products; 

(c) delivers
 to the Licensee a copy of all technical and clinical data relating to Licensed Products generated
 by the former Affiliate; 

(d) discloses
 to the Licensee full details of all and any Licensee Improvements generated by the former
 Affiliate; and 

(e) to
 the extent possible, takes all action necessary to have any former Affiliate s product
 licences, marketing authorisations, pricing and/ or reimbursement approvals (and any applications
 for any of the foregoing) which relate to Licensed Products transferred into the name of
 the Licensee. 

3. KNOW-HOW
 AND OTHER CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 

3.1 Provision
 of Know-how. 

Within
thirty (30) days following the Commencement Date, UCLB shall deliver to the Licensee (electronically or on other appropriate media) a
copy of the Know-how. UCLB shall instruct the Principal Investigator to answer all reasonable queries received from the Licensee regarding
the Know-how, provided that if in order to answer any such queries the Principal Investigator is required to: 

3.1.1 work
 more than in aggregate two (2) man days of seven and a half (7.5) hours each, the Licensee
 shall pay the Principal Investigator a fee for providing such assistance, such fee to be
 agreed between the Licensee and the Principal Investigator; and/ or 

3.1.2 attend
 the Licensee s premises, the Licensee shall reimburse the Principal Investigator promptly
 on demand for all travel (at business class rates), accommodation and subsistence costs incurred
 in so doing. 

14 

3.2 Confidentiality
 of Know-how and the Materials . 

The
Licensee undertakes that for so long as the Know-how and/or the Materials remains confidential, it shall (and shall ensure that
its Affiliates and Sub-licensees) take all reasonable precautions to prevent unauthorised access to the Know-how and the Materials
 and protect the Know-how and the Materials in the same manner as it (or they) protect(s) its (or their) own proprietary information,
and shall not (and shall ensure that its Affiliates and Sub-licensees do not) use the Know-how and/or the Materials for any purpose,
except as expressly licensed hereby and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. 

3.3 Confidentiality
 Obligations. 

Each
Party Receiving Party undertakes: 

3.3.1 to
 maintain as secret and confidential all Confidential Information obtained from the other
 Party Disclosing Party in the course of or in anticipation of this
 Agreement and to respect the Disclosing Party s rights therein; 

3.3.2 to
 use such Confidential Information only for the purposes of or as permitted by this Agreement; 

3.3.3 not
 to engage in any conduct which would be regarded as infringing conduct under the EU Trade
 Secrets Directive; and 

3.3.4 to
 disclose such Confidential Information only to those of its employees, contractors, Affiliates,
 and Sub-licensees (if any) to whom, and to the extent that, such disclosure is reasonably
 necessary for the purposes of this Agreement, provided however that the Licensee shall have
 the right to disclose Confidential Information received from UCLB to potential or actual
 customers of Licensed Products to the extent reasonably necessary to promote the sale or
 use of Licensed Products and provided that such customer has agreed to confidentiality provisions
 at least as restrictive as those set forth herein. 

15 

3.4 Exceptions
 to Obligations. 

The
provisions of Clause 3.3 shall not apply to Confidential Information which the Receiving Party can demonstrate by reasonable written
evidence: 

3.4.1 was,
 prior to its receipt by the Receiving Party from the Disclosing Party, in the possession
 of the Receiving Party and at its free disposal; or 

3.4.2 is
 subsequently disclosed to the Receiving Party by a third party without any obligations of
 confidence; or 

3.4.3 is
 or becomes generally available to the public through no act or default of the Receiving Party
 or its agents, employees, Affiliates or Sub-licensees; 

3.4.4 is
 rightfully received by the Receiving Party on a non-confidential basis from a Third Party
 who is entitled to disclose it without breaching any confidentiality obligation (directly
 or indirectly) to the Disclosing Party and who, to the Receiving Party s best knowledge,
 did not obtain such information, directly or indirectly, from the Disclosing Party; 

3.4.5 is
 independently developed by or for the Receiving Party, in either case solely by personnel
 without any access to or use of the Confidential Information provided by the Disclosing Party; 

3.4.6 the
 Receiving Party is required to disclose to patent offices in furtherance of the Patents; 

3.4.7 the
 Receiving Party is required to disclose by or to the courts of any competent jurisdiction,
 or to any government regulatory agency or financial authority, provided that the Receiving
 Party shall: 

(a) inform
 the Disclosing Party as soon as is reasonably practicable of such requirement; and 

(b) at
 the Disclosing Party s request and cost seek to persuade the court, agency or authority
 to have the information treated in a confidential manner, where this is possible under the
 court, agency or authority s procedures; or 

3.4.8 which
 a Party is advised in good faith by its information officer that it is required to disclose
 under the Freedom of Information Act 2000 or the Environmental Information Regulations 2004
 or equivalent laws of the United States or of another country. 

16 

3.5 Disclosure
 to Employees and others. 

The
Receiving Party shall procure that all of its employees, contractors, Affiliates and Sub- licensees who have access to any of the Disclosing
Party s Confidential Information to which Clause 3.3 applies, shall be made aware of the obligations of confidence and enter into
written undertakings of confidentiality at least as restrictive as those set forth herein. 

4. PAYMENTS 

4.1 Initial
 Payment. 

On
or before or within seven (7) days after the Commencement Date, the Licensee shall pay to UCLB a non-refundable, non-deductible licensing
fee of 150,000 (one fifty thousand US dollars). 

4.2 Historic
 Patent Costs. 

On
or before or within thirty (30) days after the Commencement Date, the Licensee shall reimburse all of the costs and expenses incurred
by UCLB in respect of drafting, applying for and prosecuting the Patents prior to the Commencement Date, which are estimated to be in
the region of 160,384.22 (one hundred sixty thousand three hundred and eighty-four point twenty-two US dollars) Historic
Patent Costs ). 

4.3 Milestone
 Payments. 

4.3.1 Within
 15 days following achievement of each of the following milestone events by the Licensee or
 any of its Affiliates or Sub-licensees, the Licensee shall notify UCLB in writing that the
 relevant milestone event has been achieved and, subject to Clause 4.3.2 below, pay to UCLB the amount(s) set out next to such milestone event in the table below within 30 days after receipt of UCLB s invoice therefor: 

Milestone
 Event 
 Amount to be paid 

First
 Indication 
 Second
 Indication and each Subsequent Indication 
 
 First patient
 dosed in Phase I Study, for a Licensed Product which has a first patient dosed in a Phase I Study 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 First patient dosed in Phase
 II Study, for a Licensed Product which has a first patient dosed in a Phase II Study 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 First patient dosed in Phase
 III Study, for a Licensed Product which has a first patient dosed in a Phase III Study 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 Approval of a New Drug Application
 (NDA) in the United States by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), for a Licensed Product which has a NDA (or, as the case may
 be, for a Second or Subsequent Indication) approved by the FDA in the United States 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 Approval of Marketing Authorization
 Application in the European Union or in the United Kingdom, for aLicensed Product which has a Marketing Authorization Application
 (or, as the case may be, for a Second or Subsequent Indication) approved in the European Union or in the United Kingdom 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 Net Sales Value hitting a
 target figure of [ ] ([ ] US dollars) or above during a calendar year 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

17 

If,
for any reason, any of the milestones set out above are achieved without all or any of the preceding milestones having been achieved
by the Licensee or its Affiliates or Sub-licensees, then upon achievement of the relevant milestone, the milestone payments for the preceding
milestones which have not been achieved shall also be due and payable. By way of example only, if the second milestone is achieved without
the Licensee or its Affiliates or Sub-licensees having achieved the first milestone, then upon achievement of the second milestone, the
payment for the first milestone which has not been achieved shall also be due and payable. (Provided, however, that this rule shall not
apply to deem the milestone of FDA approval of a NDA to have been achieved upon approval of a MAA, and this rule shall not apply to deem
the milestone of FDA approval of a NDA or the milestone of approval of a MAA to have been achieved upon Net Sales Value hitting a target
figure of [ ] during a calendar year.) 

Notwithstnding
anything stated in Clause 4.3.1 to the contrary, where the Licensee has already paid against a milestone event (for an Indication, as
stated above) in respect of a Licensed Product, it shall not be required to pay again against the same milestone event (for the same
Indication, as stated above) with respect to a subsequent Licensed Product. 

4.3.2 
 The Licensee shall be entitled
 to deduct (without duplicative deducting) an amount equal to the cumulative Minimum Royalty(ies) paid by it pursuant to Clause 4.8
 from any milestone payment due against a milestone event stated in Clause 4.3.1 that immediately follows such Minimum Royalty(ies)
 payment. 

4.4 Royalties
 on Net Sales Value. 

The
Licensee shall pay to UCLB a royalty being a percentage of the Net Sales Value of all Licensed Products or any part thereof used, sold
or disposed of by or on behalf of the Licensee or its Affiliates as follows: 

4.4.1 [ ] 
 ([ ] percent) in case cumulative Net Sales Value is equal to or less than [ ] ([ ]
 US dollars); and 

4.4.2 [ ] 
 ([ ] percent) in case cumulative Net Sales Value is above [ ] ([ ] US dollars). 

4.5 Royalties
 on Net Receipts. 

The
Licensee shall pay to UCLB a royalty of [ ] ([ ] percent) of Net Receipts. 

18 

4.6 Combination
 Products. 

If
any Licensed Products are incorporated in or bundled with any other product Combination Product sold by the Licensee
or its Affiliates and the Licensed Product is not priced separately from the Combination Product, the Net Sales Value of such Licensed
Product shall be deemed to be the fair market value of the Licensed Product in the country of sale when sold separately or if not sold
separately in the country of sale, in comparable countries and territories or if neither of the foregoing apply, a reasonable amount
which fairly reflects the value of the Licensed Product within the Combination Product assuming the Licensed Product is not being sold
as a loss leader. For avoidance of doubt, a single medical product which incorporates both a Licensed Product and a non-Licensed Product
active pharmaceutical ingredient would be an instance of a Combination Product. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the
Net Sales Value of such Licensed Product be less than [ ] ([ ] percent) of the Net Sales Value of the Combination Product (where
the Net Sales Value of the Combination Product is calculated mutatis mutandis with the references to the Licensed Products (in the definition
of Net Sales Value and such references to Licensed Products treated as if they were references to the Combination Product). 

4.7 Valuation
 of Non-Monetary Consideration; Referral to Expert. 

If
at any time a dispute arises or the Parties are unable to reach agreement in relation to the open market value of any non-cash consideration
received by the Licensee for a Licensed Product or the value of any non-cash consideration which forms part of Net Receipts or the reasonable
value for a Licensed Product when incorporated within a Combination Product and the Parties are not able to resolve such dispute within
thirty (30) days following the dispute first arising, such disagreement shall be referred to an independent expert who shall be appointed
and act in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 2 and whose decision shall be final and binding on the Parties. 

4.8 Minimum
 Royalties. 

If
the royalties payable under Clause 4.4 to Clause 4.5 (inclusive) are less than the amounts described in the Table below Minimum
Royalty with respect to the corresponding calendar year (i.e., 1 January to 31 December) indicated in the Table below, the
Licensee shall for the avoidance of doubt in addition to the royalties payable pursuant to Clause 4.4 to 4.5, pay to UCLB the amount
by which such royalties are less than the Minimum Royalty within thirty (30) days following the end of the relevant calendar year, failing
which UCLB shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement and all licences granted under this Agreement by notice in writing to the Licensee
given at any time after the expiry of the said thirty (30) day period. If this Agreement ends on any day other than the last day of a
calendar year, the Minimum Royalty due for that year shall be reduced pro-rata calculated on the basis of the number of days of the final
calendar year during which this Agreement was in force. 

Calendar
 Year 
 Minimum
 Royalty 
 
 2025 
 [ ] 
 
 2026 
 [ ] 
 
 2027 
 [ ] 
 
 2028
 and any subsequent calendar year 
 [ ] 

19 

For
the avoidance of doubt, where no royalties under Clauses 4.4 and/or 4.5 are generated by the Licensee, its Affiliates or Sub-licensees
for a calendar year (as stated in the Table above), the Minimum Royalty set out in the above Table shall be payable in its entirety in
respect of the relevant calendar year. 

4.9 Royalties
 to Third Parties. 

If,
during the term of this Agreement, the Licensee has taken appropriate professional advice from its patent agents and is advised in a
written opinion by its patent agents that it is necessary to obtain a licence from any third party Third Party Licence in order to avoid infringing such third party s patent(s) in the course of manufacture or sale of Licensed Products and provided
that the Licensee has, acting reasonably, consulted with UCLB, and has taken into account any representations made to it by UCLB, in
relation to the necessity of obtaining such Third Party Licence, the royalties payable under this Agreement shall be reduced by [ ] 
([ ] percent) of the amount of royalties paid by the Licensee under the Third Party Licence. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the amount
of royalty payable by the Licensee to UCLB in any quarterly period in respect of each country and territory within the Territory shall
not be reduced by more than [ ] ([ ] percent) of the amount which would have otherwise been payable in the absence of this Clause.
The reduction referred to in this Clause shall only be made where the infringement of the third party patent arises from the use of the
inventions claimed in the Patents in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, and not from the use of any other intellectual
property that the Licensee chooses to use in the manufacture or sale of any Licensed Product. The Licensee shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to avoid having to pay royalties, and to minimise the amount of any such royalties which it agrees to pay, to any
Third Party. W here the Parties disagree as to the necessity of a Third Party Licence, and the Parties are not able to resolve such dispute
within thirty (30) days following the dispute first arising, then such dispute shall be referred to an expert who shall be appointed
in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 2 and whose decision shall be final and binding on the Parties. 

4.10 Payment
 Frequency. 

Royalties
due under this Agreement shall be paid within thirty (30) days following the end of each calendar quarter ending on 31 March, 30 June,
30 September and 31 December in each year, in respect of sales of Licensed Products made and Net Receipts generated during such quarter
and within thirty (30) days following the termination of this Agreement. 

20 

4.11 Payment
 terms. 

All
sums due under this Agreement: 

4.11.1 are
 exclusive of Value Added Tax which where applicable will be paid by the Licensee to UCLB
 in addition; 

4.11.2 shall
 be paid in US dollars in cash by transferring an amount in aggregate to the following account
 number: [ ], and in the case of income or amounts received by the Licensee or its Affiliates
 in a currency other than US dollars, the royalty shall be calculated in the other currency
 and then converted into equivalent US dollars at the relevant daily spot rate for that currency
 as quoted in the Financial Times newspaper on the last business day of the period in relation
 to which the royalties are payable; 

4.11.3 will
 be made without any set-off, deduction or withholding except as may be required by law. If
 the Licensee is required by law to make any deduction or to withhold any part of any amount
 due to UCLB under this Agreement, the Licensee will give to UCLB proper evidence of the amount
 deducted or withheld and payment of that amount to the relevant taxation authority, and will
 do all things in its power to enable or assist UCLB to claim exemption from or, if that is
 not possible, to obtain a credit for the amount deducted or withheld under any applicable
 double taxation or similar agreement from time to time in force; and 

4.11.4 shall
 be made by the due date, failing which UCLB may charge interest on any outstanding amount
 on a daily basis until such payment is made at a rate equivalent to 3 above the Barclays
 Bank plc base lending rate then in force in London. 

4.12 Royalty
 Statements. 

The
Licensee shall send to UCLB at the same time as each royalty payment is made in accordance with Clauses 4.4 to 4.5 (inclusive) a statement
setting out for the relevant calendar quarter the detail included at Schedule 5. 

4.13 Records. 

4.13.1 The
 Licensee shall keep at its normal place of business detailed and up to date records and accounts
 showing the quantity, description and invoiced price or non- cash consideration for all Licensed
 Products sold by it or its Affiliates or on its or its Affiliates behalf, and the
 amount of Net Receipts, broken down in each case on a country by country basis, and being
 sufficient to ascertain the payments due to UCLB under this Agreement. 

21 

4.13.2 The
 Licensee shall make such records and accounts available, on reasonable notice, for inspection
 during business hours by an independent chartered accountant nominated by UCLB for the purpose
 of verifying the accuracy of any statement or report given by the Licensee to UCLB under
 Clause 4.13.1. The Licensee shall co- operate reasonably with any such accountant, and shall
 promptly provide all information and assistance reasonably requested by such accountant.
 The accountant shall be required to keep confidential all information learnt during any such
 inspection, and to disclose to UCLB only such details as may be necessary to report on the
 accuracy of the Licensee s statement or report. UCLB shall be responsible for the accountant s
 charges unless the accountant certifies that there is an inaccuracy of more than 5 (five
 percent) in any royalty statement, in which case the Licensee shall pay his charges in respect
 of that inspection. 

4.13.3 Such
 records and accounts, and the accountant s reports, shall be deemed to be Confidential
 Information of the Licensee. 

4.13.4 The
 Licensee shall ensure that UCLB has the same rights as those set out in this Clause 4.13
 in respect of the Licensee s Affiliates. 

The
Licensee shall co-operate with UCLB in good faith to resolve any discrepancies identified during any such inspection and shall pay any
shortfall in the amounts paid to UCLB under this Agreement, together with interest on late payment as specified in Clause 4.11.4, within
thirty (30) days following receipt of a copy of the independent chartered accountant s report. 

4.14 Accounting
 Standards. 

Where
this Agreement requires a financial calculation to be made or an action to be taken, such calculation or action will be made or taken
in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles (consistently applied) from time to time approved by the United Kingdom s
Accounting Standards Board, or any successor body, applicable as at the date on which such calculation or action is made or taken. 

5. COMMERCIALISATION 

5.1 General
 Diligence. 

The
Licensee shall use Diligent Efforts to develop and commercialise Licensed Products in the Territory (including obtaining regulatory approvals
which may be required to market and sell the Licensed Products) and to maximise sales for the benefit of both Parties. 

22 

5.2 [reserved.] 

5.3 Development
 Plan. 

The
Licensee s initial plan for developing and commercialising Licensed Products is set out in Schedule 3 (the Development
Plan ). The Licensee shall provide to UCLB on each anniversary of the Commencement Date a written update to the Development
Plan that shall: 

5.3.1 report
 on all activities conducted under this Agreement by the Licensee and its Affiliates and Sub-licensees
 since the Commencement Date or the date of the previous update (as appropriate); 

5.3.2 set
 out the milestone events achieved since the Commencement Date or the date of the previous
 update (as appropriate) and the Licensee s best estimate of the dates for achieving
 any future milestone events; 

5.3.3 set
 out the current and projected activities being taken or planned to be taken by the Licensee
 and its Affiliates and Sub-licensees to bring Licensed Products to market, and to maximise
 the sale of Licensed Products in the Territory and in the Field; and 

5.3.4 set
 out the Licensee s and its Affiliates and Sub-licensees projected sales
 of Licensed Products (based on the Licensee s current forecasts) for each of the next
 three (3) years following the date of the report. 

UCLB s
receipt or approval of any update to the Development Plan shall not be taken to waive or qualify the Licensee s obligations under
Clause 5.1. The Development Plan shall be deemed to be Confidential Information of the Licensee. 

5.4 Annual
 Meeting. 

The
Licensee will on UCLB s request meet with UCLB at least once per calendar year, following the submission of the update to the Development
Plan pursuant to Clause 5.3, to discuss progress with regard to the development and commercialisation of the Licensed Technology and
the Licensee s efforts to maximise sales of Licensed Products in the Territory and in the Field. 

5.5 Reporting
 of First Commercial Sale. 

The
Licensee will promptly notify UCLB in writing of the First Commercial Sale of each Licensed Product in each country within the Territory. 

23 

5.6 Reporting
 for Impact Purposes. 

5.6.1 The
 Licensee acknowledges that part of UCLB s purpose in licensing the Patents, the
 and the Know-how and the Materials to the Licensee pursuant this Agreement
 is to ensure that the Patents , and the Know-how and the Materials
 are made available for use and commercial exploitation with the intention of benefitting
 society and the economy. In order to enable UCLB and UCL to monitor the benefit that they
 are providing, and to enable UCL to demonstrate the impact of its research activities, to
 society and the economy, the Licensee will provide to UCLB on each anniversary of the Commencement
 Date during the period of this Agreement and for a period of three (3) years thereafter a
 written report describing in reasonable detail how it has used the Patents , and
 the Know-how and the Materials and the societal and economic benefits generated
 therefrom. 

5.6.2 Such
 reports shall be deemed to be Confidential Information of Licensee. The Licensee acknowledges
 that UCLB and UCL shall be entitled to make use of any written reports received from the
 Licensee (and the information contained therein) pursuant to Clause 5.6.1 in confidential
 applications for research or other grant related funding and in confidential submissions
 to Higher Education funding bodies such as HEFCE and/ or HEIF (or any replacements for either
 of those entities) and like entities, and to use the Licensee s name and the fact that
 the Licensed Technology have been provided to the Licensee hereunder in their general publicity
 materials. 

5.7 Quality. 

The
Licensee shall ensure that all of the Licensed Products marketed by it and its Affiliates are of satisfactory quality and comply with
all applicable laws and regulations in each part of the Territory, and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that all of
the Licensed Products marketed by its Sub-licensees are of satisfactory quality and comply with all applicable laws and regulations in
each part of the Territory. 

5.8 Marking
 of Licensed Products. 

To
the extent permitted under the laws of any country, the Licensee shall mark and cause its Affiliates and Sub-licensees to mark each Licensed
Product with the number of each issued Patent in the applicable country which applies to the Licensed Product and a statement that such
Licensed Products are sold under licence from UCL Business Ltd. 

5.9 Disposals
 of Licensed Products for Free. 

Notwithstanding
the terms of Clause 5.1, the Licensee shall be entitled to supply a reasonable number of Licensed Products to third parties free of charge: 

24 

5.9.1 for
 use in clinical trials; 

5.9.2 for
 use in an early access scheme, patient access scheme or market access scheme approved by
 regulatory authorities in the relevant territories; 

5.9.3 as
 promotional items for the purpose of establishing a market for the Licensed Products in the
 relevant country or territory; and/or 

5.9.4 for
 evaluation and testing purposes, 

provided
that in the case of sub-clause 5.9.3 and 5.9.4, the Licensee shall be entitled to supply Licensed Products free of charge for a maximum
of [ ] ([ ]) years following the grant of the first marketing authorisation for the Licensed Product and that the quantity of Licensed
Products supplied for free in each country in each twelve (12) month period is no more than [ ] percent ([ ] of the total sales
volume of Licensed Products in such country during the same period, and in all cases, the quantity of Licensed Products supplied for
free in each country or territory is not excessive and is in line with normal industry practice in such country or territory. Any Licensed
Products disposed of to third parties free of charge in accordance with this Clause 5.9 shall not be taken into account for the purposes
of calculating Net Sales Value. For the avoidance of doubt, Licensed Products disposed of to third parties free of charge, in each country,
in excess of [ ] percent ([ ] of the total sales volume for that country, in each twelve (12) month period, shall be taken into
account for the purposes of calculating Net Sales Value. 

5.10 Referral
 to Expert. 

If
UCLB considers at any time during the period of this Agreement that the Licensee has without legitimate reason failed to comply with
its obligations under Clause 5.1, UCLB shall be entitled to refer to an independent expert the following questions: 

5.10.1 whether
 the Licensee has complied with its obligations under Clause 5.1; and if not 

5.10.2 what
 specific action the Licensee should have taken Specific Action in
 order to have so complied. 

The
independent expert shall be appointed in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 2 and his decision shall be final and binding on
the Parties. 

5.11 Consequences
 of Expert s Decision. 

If
the expert determines that the Licensee has failed to comply with its obligations under Clause 5.1, and if the Licensee fails to take
the Specific Action within six (6) months after the expert giving his decision in accordance with Schedule 2, UCLB shall be entitled,
by giving, at any time within four (4) months after the end of that six (6) month period, not less than three (3) months notice,
to terminate this Agreement. 

25 

6. ACCESS
 TO MEDICINES AND ETHICAL LICENSING 

6.1 Acknowledgements 

6.1.1 The
 Licensee acknowledges that UCLB and UCL are committed to implementing effective technology
 transfer strategies that promote the availability of health-related technologies in developing
 countries for essential medical care, as set out in UCL s Statement of Principles and
 Strategies for the Equitable Dissemination of Medical Technologies. 

6.1.2 UCLB
 recognises the early stage nature of the Licensed Technology and acknowledges that a substantial
 investment will be required by the Licensee to develop Licensed Products and to bring those
 Licensed Products to market in Developing Countries. 

6.2 General
 Diligence. 

The
Licensee agrees to use Diligent Efforts to ensure effective and affordable access to Licensed Products in Developing Countries. 

6.3 Supply
 to Developing Countries. 

The
Licensee shall use Diligent Efforts to supply or to procure the supply of the Licensed Products to customers in At-Cost Markets at a
Cost-Based Price and to meet market demand for the Licensed Products in those markets. UCLB shall waive its entitlement to royalties
on all Licensed Products sold in to customers in At-Cost Markets at a Cost-Based Price and such sales shall not count toward the [ ]
milestone. 

6.4 Reporting
 and Consultation. 

6.4.1 The
 Licensee shall keep UCLB regularly updated regarding the Licensee s efforts to supply
 the Licensed Products in accordance with the requirements outlined in Clauses 6.2 and 6.3.
 Such updates shall be deemed to be Confidential Information of Licensee. 

6.4.2 The
 Licensee shall consult with UCLB prior to filing any patent application which claims priority
 from or is based on any of the Patents or in relation to Licensed Products in any Developing
 Countries, and shall take into account any comments received from UCLB with respect to the
 potential effect of such patent applications on facilitating access to healthcare related
 technologies in such countries and territories. Where such patent applications are filed
 in Developing Countries, the Licensee shall reasonably consider any request from UCLB not
 to assert such patents and patent applications in such countries. 

26 

6.4.3 The
 Licensee shall consider in good faith all reasonable requests received from UCLB to negotiate
 and agree from time to time such amendments to this Agreement as UCLB, acting reasonably,
 may deem necessary or appropriate to ensure effective and affordable access to Licensed Products
 in Developing Countries. 

6.5 Step
 In Rights. 

6.5.1 If
 at any time UCLB acting reasonably considers that the Licensee is not meeting its obligations
 under Clauses 6.2 and 6.3., UCLB may by written notice require the Licensee: 

(a) to
 seek one or more third parties to develop, commercialise and supply the Licensed Products
 to customers in At-Cost Markets; or 

(b) to
 negotiate with UCLB in respect of reasonable global access terms. 

6.5.2 If
 the Licensee following a written requirement from UCLB refuses to grant a sublicense to or
 is unable to identify a third party to develop, commercialise and supply the Licensed Products
 to customers in At-Cost Markets or the parties are unable to negotiate reasonable global
 access terms, then UCLB notwithstanding the rights granted to the Licensee under this Agreement
 shall have the right to seek a third party to, and/ or to grant to a third party a licence
 to, manufacture, have manufactured, use, sell, offer for sale and import the Licensed Products
 for supply in (but only in and for) the At-Cost Market on such terms as UCLB may in its sole
 discretion determine as being appropriate to ensure effective and affordable access to Licensed
 Products in Developing Countries. 

7. COMPLIANCE
 WITH LAWS 

7.1 General
 Compliance with Laws. 

The
Licensee will at all times comply (and will ensure its Affiliates comply) in all material respects with all legislation, rules, regulations
and statutory requirements applying to and obtain any consents necessary for its use of the Patents , and the Know-how
 and the Materials , the development, manufacture, and sale of Licensed Products in any country or territory, and the Licensee will
at all times use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure its Sub-licensees comply in all material respects with all legislation, rules,
regulations and statutory requirements applying to and obtain any consents necessary for its use of the Patents , and 
the Know-how and the Materials , the development, manufacture, and sale of Licensed Products in any country or territory. 

27 

7.2 Bribery
 Act. 

The
Licensee shall (and shall procure that any persons associated with it engaged in the performance of this Agreement including its Affiliates
shall), and the Licensee shall use commercially reasonable efforts to procure that its Sub-licensees shall: 

7.2.1 comply
 with all applicable laws and codes of practice relating to anti-bribery and anti- corruption
 including the Bribery Act 2010 and without prejudice to the foregoing generality, shall not
 engage in any activity, practice or conduct which would constitute an offence under sections
 1, 2 or 6 of the Bribery Act 2010 or do or omit to do any act that will cause or lead UCLB
 to be in breach of the Bribery Act 2010; 

7.2.2 comply
 with UCLB s ethics, anti-bribery and anti-corruption policies as available on UCL s
 website from time to time and maintain in place and enforce throughout the term of this Agreement
 adequate procedures to ensure compliance with Clause 7.2.1; and 

7.2.3 promptly
 report to UCLB any request or demand for any undue financial or other advantage of any kind
 received in connection with the performance of this Agreement. 

For
the purpose of this Clause 7.2, the meaning of adequate procedures and whether a person is associated with another person shall be determined
in accordance with the Bribery Act 2010 (and any guidance issued under section 9 of that Act). Breach of this Clause 7.2 shall be deemed
a material breach of this Agreement entitling UCLB to terminate under Clause 10.2.1. 

7.3 Modern
 Slavery Act 

The
Licensee shall (and shall procure that any persons associated with it engaged in the performance of this Agreement including its Affiliates
shall), and the Licensee shall use commercially reasonable efforts to procure that its Sub-licensees shall, comply with all applicable
laws and codes of practice relating to anti-slavery including the Modern Slavery Act 2015. Such compliance shall include ensuring that
all reasonable steps are taken to ensure that all parties associated with the development, manufacture and commercialisation of the Licensed
Products comply with all applicable laws and codes of practice relating to anti-slavery including the Modern Slavery Act 2015. 

7.4 Export
 Control Regulations. 

The
Licensee shall ensure that, in using the Patents , or the Know-how or the Materials and in selling Licensed
Products, it and its Affiliates, employees, sub-contractors and Sub-licensees shall comply fully with any United Nations trade sanctions
or UK legislation or regulation, from time to time in force (as applicable), which impose arms embargoes or control the export of goods,
technology or software, including weapons of mass destruction and arms, military, paramilitary and security equipment and dual-use items
(items designed for civil use but which can be used for military purposes but excluding drugs) and certain drugs and chemicals. 

28 

7.5 Tobacco
 Companies and Restricted Enterprises 

The
Licensee shall notify UCLB immediately in writing if: 

7.5.1 a
 Tobacco Company or an Affiliate of such a company or a Person involved as its primary business
 in arms dealing, gambling operations, or the promotion of violence or an Affiliate of such
 Person, or a Person regularly involved in child labour or an Affiliate of such Person, acquires
 ownership or Control of the Licensee; or 

7.5.2 the
 Licensee acquires ownership or Control of a Tobacco Company or an Affiliate of such a company
 or a Person involved as its primary business in arms dealing, gambling operations, or the
 promotion of violence or an Affiliate of such Person, or a Person regularly involved in child
 labour or an Affiliate of such Person . 

8. INTELLECTUAL
 PROPERTY 

8.1 Obtain
 and Maintain the Patents. 

8.1.1 The
 Licensee shall be responsible for the drafting, filing, prosecution and maintenance of the
 Patents at its own cost and expense. 

8.1.2 The
 Patents will be filed, prosecuted and maintained in the countries and territories set out
 in Schedule 4. The Licensee shall consult with UCLB in making any material decisions relating
 to the Patents such as which (if any) additional countries to file and maintain Patents in,
 and whether to elect to reject or submit to the competence of the Unitary Patent Court in
 respect of any Patent pursuant to Article 83(3) of the Agreement on a Unified Patent Court
 (2013/C 175/01) or to validate any of the Patents as a patent that has unitary effect by
 virtue of Regulation (EU) No 1257/2012, although the Licensee shall have the final decision. 

8.1.3 The
 Licensee will obtain prior written approval of UCLB (which shall not be unreasonably withheld,
 conditioned or delayed) in relation to all changes to patent claims or specifications that
 would have the effect of reducing or limiting the extent of the patent coverage. 

8.1.4 The
 Licensee will ensure that UCLB receives copies of all material correspondence to and from
 patent offices in respect of the Patents, including copies of all documents generated in
 or with such correspondence, and where practicable shall be given reasonable notice of and
 the opportunity to participate in any material conference calls or meetings with the Licensee s
 patent attorneys in relation to the drafting, filing, prosecution and maintenance of the
 Patents, so that UCLB may be continuously informed of progress with the drafting, filing,
 prosecution and maintenance of the Patents. 

29 

8.1.5 The
 Licensee shall promptly notify UCLB of the grant of each patent comprised within the Patents. 

8.1.6 If
 the Licensee wishes to abandon any application contained with the Patents or not to maintain
 any Patent, it shall give three (3) months prior written notice to UCLB and on the
 expiry of such notice period the licence of such Patent granted to the Licensee under this
 Agreement shall cease. 

8.2 Infringement
 of the Patents , and the Know-how and/or the Materials . 

8.2.1 Each
 Party shall inform the other Party promptly if it becomes aware of any infringement or potential
 infringement of any of the Patents in the Field or any unauthorised use of the Know-how or
 the Materials or any challenge to the validity or ownership of the Patents , or
 the Know-how or the Materials and the Parties shall consult with each other
 to decide the best way to respond to such infringement, unauthorised use or challenge. 

8.2.2 The
 Licensee shall have the primary right to take action against any third party alleged to be
 infringing the Patents or making unauthorised use of the Know-how or the Materials in
 the Field and to defend the Patents against challenges to validity or ownership at its expense,
 provided that: 

(a) UCLB
 shall on the Licensee s request cooperate with the Licensee in such action and the
 Licensee shall reimburse UCLB for any reasonable expenses incurred by UCLB in relation to
 such cooperation; and 

(b) subject
 to Clauses 8.2.3 and 8.2.5, the Licensee shall be solely responsible for the conduct of the
 action or for settlement thereof and shall be entitled to all damages received from such
 action, subject to Clause 8.2.4. 

8.2.3 Before
 starting or defending or settling any legal action under Clause 8.2.2, the Licensee shall
 consult with UCLB as to the advisability of the action or defence or settlement, its effect
 on the good name of UCLB, the public interest, and how the action or defence should be conducted.
 If the alleged infringement or unauthorised use is both within and outside the Field or if
 there is a challenge to the validity or ownership of the Licensed Technology, the Parties
 shall also co-operate with UCLB s other licensees (if any) in relation to any such
 action or defence. 

30 

8.2.4 The
 Licensee shall reimburse UCLB for any reasonable expenses incurred in assisting it in such
 action or defence. The Licensee shall pay to UCLB royalties, in accordance with Clause 4,
 on any damages received from such action as if the amount of such damages after deduction
 of both Parties reasonable expenses in relation to the action were Net Sales Value. 

8.2.5 UCLB
 shall if reasonably requested by the Licensee agree to be joined in any suit to enforce such
 rights or take such action in its own name (subject to being indemnified and secured by the
 Licensee in a reasonable manner as to any costs (including internal costs), damages, expenses
 or other liability which may be incurred as a result of so doing) and shall have the right
 to be separately represented by its own counsel at its own expense, except where such separate
 counsel is necessary because Licensee s counsel declines or is unable to act for or
 represent UCLB due to conflict of interest (such conflict to be determined by Licensee s
 counsel acting reasonably) or any other reason, in which case Licensee shall pay the reasonable
 costs for UCLB to be separately represented. 

8.2.6 Notwithstanding
 the foregoing, UCLB shall not be obliged to join any suit or to take any action in its own
 name if UCLB has reasonable grounds to believe that the action is inadvisable or is likely
 to damage the good name of UCLB, provided that where UCLB notifies the Licensee that it declines
 to join any suit or take any action in its own name on the foregoing grounds and the Licensee
 considers that it cannot effectively enforce such rights or obtain effective relief in the
 relevant jurisdiction without the joinder of UCLB, then the Parties will work together in
 good faith to try to identify a way for the Licensee to enforce such rights or obtain such
 relief in another manner. 

8.2.7 If,
 within six (6) months of the Licensee first becoming aware of any potential infringement
 of the Patents, the Licensee is unsuccessful in persuading the alleged infringer to desist
 or fails to initiate an infringement action, UCLB shall have the right, at its sole discretion,
 to prosecute such infringement under its sole control and at its sole expense, and any damages
 or other payments recovered shall belong solely to UCLB. 

8.3 Infringement
 of Third Party Rights. 

8.3.1 If
 any warning letter or other notice of infringement is received by a Party, or legal suit
 or other action is brought against a Party, alleging infringement of third party rights in
 the manufacture, use or sale of any Licensed Product or use of any Patents , and/or
 the Know-how and/or the Materials , that Party shall promptly provide full
 details to the other Party, and the Parties shall discuss the best way to respond. 

31 

9. WARRANTIES
 AND LIABILITY 

9.1 Warranties
 by UCLB. 

UCLB
warrants and undertakes to the Licensee as follows: 

9.1.1 it
 is the registered proprietor of, or applicant for, the Patents , and Know-how
 and has caused all of UCL s employees who are named as inventors on such Patents
 to execute such assignments of the Patents as may be necessary to pass all of their right,
 title and interest in and to the Patents to UCLB; 

9.1.2 it
 has the full power and authority to grant the licences contained in this Agreement; 

9.1.3 so
 far as it is aware (having made no enquiry of any third parties or conducted any freedom
 to operate searches), the use and exploitation of the Licensed Technology will not infringe
 the intellectual property rights of any third party. 

9.2 Warranties
 by the Licensee. 

The
Licensee warrants and undertakes to UCLB that: 

9.2.1 it
 has the right to enter into this Agreement; 

9.2.2 is
 duly organised and existing under laws of Delaware (USA) and has all necessary authority,
 power and capacity to perform its obligations under this Agreement; 

9.2.3 it
 is not, and each of its Affiliates and Sub-licensees is not, at the Commencement Date, a
 Tobacco Company or an Affiliate of such a company or a Person involved as its primary business
 in arms dealing, gambling operations, or the promotion of violence or an Affiliate of such
 Person, or a Person regularly involved in child labour or an Affiliate of such Person; 

9.2.4 the
 Licensed Technology shall not at any time be used by the Licensee or its Affiliates or Sub-licensees
 in connection with any activities that are known by the Licensee to be privately funded for
 the purpose by a Tobacco Company or an Affiliate of such a company or a Person involved as
 its primary business in arms dealing, gambling operations, or the promotion of violence or
 an Affiliate of such Person, or a Person regularly involved in child labour or an Affiliate
 of such Person; and 

9.2.5 so
 far as it is aware (having made no enquiry of any third parties or conducted any freedom
 to operate searches), use and exploitation of the Patents will not infringe the intellectual
 property rights of any third party. 

32 

9.3 Acknowledgements. 

The
Licensee acknowledges that: 

9.3.1 the
 inventions claimed in the Patents , and the Know-how and the Materials
 are at an early stage of development. Accordingly, specific results cannot be guaranteed
 and any results, materials, information or other items (together Delivered Items provided under this Agreement are provided as is and without any express or
 implied warranties, representations or undertakings. As examples, but without limiting the
 foregoing, UCLB does not give any warranty that Delivered Items are of merchantable or satisfactory
 quality, are fit for any particular purpose, comply with any sample or description, or are
 viable, uncontaminated, safe or non-toxic. 

9.3.2 UCLB
 has not performed any searches or investigations into the existence of any third party rights
 that may affect any of the Patents , or the Know-how or the Materials
 or the use and exploitation of any of the Patents , or the Know-how
 or the Materials . 

9.4 No
 Other Warranties. 

9.4.1 Each
 of the Parties acknowledges that, in entering into this Agreement, it does not do so in reliance
 on any representation, warranty or other provision except as expressly provided in this Agreement,
 and any conditions, warranties or other terms implied by statute or common law are excluded
 from this Agreement to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

9.4.2 Without
 limiting the scope of Clause 9.4.1, UCLB does not make any representation nor give any warranty
 or undertaking: 

(a) as
 to the efficacy or usefulness of the Patents , or the Know-how or
 the Materials ; or 

(b) as
 to the scope of any of the Patents or that any of the Patents is or will be valid or (in
 the case of an application) will proceed to grant; or 

(c) that
 the use of any of the Patents , or the Know-how or the Materials ,
 the manufacture, sale or use of the Licensed Products, or the exercise of any of the rights
 granted under this Agreement will not infringe any intellectual property or other rights
 of any other person; or 

(d) that
 the Materials and Know-how or any other information communicated by UCLB to the Licensee
 under or in connection with this Agreement will produce Licensed Products of satisfactory
 quality or fit for the purpose for which the Licensee intended or that any product will not
 have any defect, latent or otherwise, and whether or not discoverable by inspection; or 

33 

(e) as
 imposing any obligation on UCLB to bring or prosecute actions or proceedings against third
 parties for infringement or to defend any action or proceedings for revocation of any of
 the Patents; or 

(f) as
 imposing any liability on UCLB in the event that any third party (which is not authorized
 by or under UCLB or UCL) supplies Licensed Products (i.e., products which would be Licensed
 Products if sold by the Licensee or its Affiliates) to customers located in the Territory;
 or 

(g) that
 there will be no similar or competitive products manufactured, used, sold or supplied by
 any third party in the Territory. 

9.5 Responsibility
 for Development of Licensed Products. 

The
Licensee shall be exclusively responsible for its and its Affiliates and Sub-licensees use of the Patents , and
 the Know-how and the Materials , the technical and commercial development and manufacture of Licensed Products and for
incorporating any modifications or developments thereto that may be necessary or desirable, for all Licensed Products sold or supplied,
notwithstanding any consultancy services or other contributions that UCLB may provide in connection with such activities. 

9.6 Indemnity. 

The
Licensee shall indemnify each of UCLB and UCL, and each of their respective officers, directors, Council members, employees and representatives,
including the Principal Investigator (together, the Indemnitees against all Claims that may be asserted against or suffered
by any of the Indemnitees and which relate to: 

9.6.1 the
 use by the Licensee or any of its Affiliates or Sub-licensees of any of the Patents or the
 Know-how or the Materials ; or 

9.6.2 the
 development, manufacture, use, marketing or sale of, or any other dealing in, any of the
 Licensed Products, by or on behalf of the Licensee or any of its Affiliates or Sub-licensees,
 or subsequently by any customer or any other person, including claims based on product liability
 laws. 

The
indemnity given by the Licensee to each Indemnitee under this Clause 9.6 will not apply to any Claim to the extent that it is attributable
to the negligent act or omission, reckless misconduct or intentional misconduct of UCLB or UCL or of that Indemnitee. 

34 

9.7 Limitations
 of Liability. 

9.7.1 To
 the extent that any Indemnitee has any liability to the Licensee or its Affiliates in contract,
 tort, or otherwise under or in connection with this Agreement, including any liability for
 breach of warranty, their liability shall be limited in accordance with the following provisions
 of this Clause 9.7. 

9.7.2 The
 aggregate liability of the Indemnitees shall be limited to [ ] pounds [ ])
 sterling. 

9.7.3 In
 no circumstances shall either Party or any Indemnitee be liable for: 

(a) any
 loss of profits (whether direct or indirect); 

(b) any
 loss of revenue (other than revenue due under this Agreement), business opportunity or goodwill;
 or 

(c) any
 loss, damage, cost or expense of any nature that is of an indirect, special or consequential
 nature, 

in
each case, which arises directly or indirectly from that Party s breach or non- performance of this Agreement, or negligence in
the performance of this Agreement or from any liability arising in any other way out of the subject matter of this Agreement even if
the Party bringing the claim has advised the other Party or the relevant Indemnitee of the possibility of those losses arising, or if
such losses were within the contemplation of the Parties or the Indemnitee. 

9.7.4 The
 relevant Indemnitee shall provide prompt written notice to the Licensee of the initiation
 of any action or proceeding that may reasonably lead to a claim for indemnification. Upon
 such notice and subject to confirming that the indemnity will apply, the Licensee shall have
 the right to assume the defence and settlement of such action or proceeding, provided that
 it shall not settle any action or proceeding without the Indemnitee s written consent
 (which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) unless (a) there is no
 finding or admission of any violation of applicable law or any violation of the rights of
 any Person by an Indemnitee, no requirement that the Indemnitee admit fault or culpability,
 and no adverse effect on any other claims that may be made by or against the Indemnitee and
 (B) the sole relief provided is monetary damages that are paid in full by the Licensee and
 such settlement does not require the Indemnitee to take (or refrain from taking) any action.
 The Indemnitee shall co-operate with the Licensee in the defence of such claim. 

35 

9.7.5 Nothing
 in this Agreement excludes either Party s liability to the extent that it may not be
 so excluded under applicable law, including any such liability for death or personal injury
 caused by that Party s negligence, or liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation. 

9.8 Insurance. 

9.8.1 The
 Licensee shall take out with a reputable insurance company and maintain at all times during
 the term of this Agreement and for a further six (6) years after the end of the term of this
 Agreement, public and product liability and professional indemnity insurance including against
 all loss of and damage to property (whether real, personal or intellectual) and injury to
 persons including death arising out of or in connection with this Agreement and the Licensee s
 and its Affiliates and Sub-licensees use of the Patents , or
 the Know-how or the Materials and use, sale of or any other dealing in any
 of the Licensed Products. Such insurances may be limited in respect of one claim provided
 that such limit must be at least: 

(a) one
 million pounds 1,000,000) in respect of any one claim and in aggregate at all times
 before commencement of clinical trials for any Licensed Product; 

(b) three
 million pounds 3,000,000) in respect of any one claim and in aggregate at all times
 following the commencement of the first clinical trial for any Licensed Product; and 

(c) five
 million pounds 5,000,000) in respect of any one claim and in aggregate at all times
 following the first commercial sale of the first Licensed Product. 

9.8.2 The
 Licensee will produce to UCLB at all times upon demand proof that the insurance cover required
 pursuant to Clause 9.8.1 is in force and evidence that all premiums have been paid up to
 date. If UCLB becomes aware that the Licensee has failed to maintain the insurance required
 pursuant to Clause 9.8.1 UCLB may effect such insurance and the Licensee will reimburse UCLB
 for the reasonable cost of effecting and maintaining such insurance on demand. 

10. DURATION
 AND TERMINATION 

10.1 Commencement
 and Termination by Expiry. 

This
Agreement, and the licences granted hereunder, shall come into effect on the Commencement Date and, unless terminated earlier in accordance
with this Clause 10 or Clause 11.1.2, the licences granted hereunder shall continue in force on a country by country basis until the
later of: 

36 

10.1.1 the
 date on which all the Patents have been abandoned or allowed to lapse or expired or been
 rejected or revoked without a right of further appeal in the relevant country or territory
 or been held invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and
 non-appealable judgment; and 

10.1.2 the
 tenth (10th) anniversary of the First Commercial Sale of Licensed Products in the relevant
 country; 

upon
which the licences granted hereunder shall terminate automatically by expiry in such country or territory. 

This
Agreement shall terminate when all of the licences granted hereunder have terminated in all countries and territories within the Territory. 

10.2 Early
 Termination. 

10.2.1 Each
 Party may terminate this Agreement at any time by notice in writing to the other Party Other
 Party ), such notice to take effect as specified in the notice, if the Other Party
 is in material breach of this Agreement and, in the case of a breach capable of remedy within
 thirty (30) days, the breach is not remedied within thirty (30) days of the Other Party receiving
 notice specifying the breach and requiring its remedy, or where the breach relates to non-payment
 of a sum due under this Agreement, the sum is not paid in full within fourteen (14) days
 following the Other Party receiving notice specifying the non-payment and requiring payment
 in full. 

10.2.2 UCLB
 may terminate this Agreement by giving written notice to the Licensee, such termination to
 take effect forthwith or as otherwise stated in the notice: 

(a) in
 accordance with the provisions of Clause 2.3; or 

(b) in
 accordance with the provisions of Clause 5.11; or 

(c) if
 UCLB receives notification from the Licensee pursuant to Clause 7.5, or is otherwise made
 aware that there has been an acquisition of the type referred to in Clause 7.5; 

(d) if
 UCLB is made aware that the Licensee has breached either of the warranties in Clause 9.2.3
 or Clause 9.2.4, or 

37 

(e) the
 Licensee is in persistent breach of this Agreement and where the Parties have failed to agree
 a mechanism to remedy the persistent nature of such breaches within a reasonable period following
 UCLB notifying the Licensee of the persistent breach and requesting that the Licensee enters
 into discussions with UCLB as to mechanisms for remedying the persistent breaches or if the
 Parties have agreed a mechanism to remedy the persistent breach but that mechanism if not
 fully complied with by the Licensee; or 

(f) if
 the Licensee suffers an Insolvency Event. 

10.2.3 The
 Licensee may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving written notice to UCLB, such
 termination to take effect within 45 (forty-five) days of the receipt of the notice by UCLB. 

10.2.4 A
 Party s right of termination under this Agreement, and the exercise of any such right,
 shall be without prejudice to any other right or remedy (including any right to claim damages)
 that such Party may have in the event of a breach of contract or other default by the other
 Party. 

10.3 Consequences
 of Termination. 

10.3.1 Upon
 expiry of the term of this Agreement in accordance with Clause 10.1, and subject to all royalties
 and any other sums due to UCLB under this Agreement having been duly paid, the Licensee shall
 have a fully paid up licence to the Patents , and the Know-how and
 to the Materials of the same scope as set forth in Clause 2.1.1 and 2.1.2 without any
 further obligation to pay any further sums to UCLB under Clause 4. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the Licensee acknowledges that once each Patent expires or is abandoned or withdrawn or allowed
 to lapse in any country or territory, third parties in that country or territory will be
 entitled to use the inventions claimed in the Patent and that accordingly the licence granted
 to the Licensee under Clause 2.1 will no longer be exclusive in that country or territory. 

10.3.2 Upon
 termination of this Agreement for any reason other than as set forth in Clause 10.1: 

(a) the
 Licensee and its Affiliates and Sub-licensees shall be entitled to sell, use or otherwise
 dispose of (subject to payment of royalties under Clause 4) any unsold or unused stocks of
 the Licensed Products for a period of six (6) months following the date of termination; 

(b) subject
 to paragraph (a) above, any licence that has not become fully paid- up in accordance with
 Clause 10.3.1 shall terminate and the Licensee and its Affiliates (and subject to Clause
 2.3.6, its Sub-licensees) shall no longer be licensed to use or otherwise exploit the Patents ,
 and/or the Know-how and/or the Materials, in so far and for as long
 as any of the Patents remain in force and the Know-how remains confidential; 

38 

(c) the
 Licensee shall consent to the cancellation of any formal licence granted to it, or of any
 registration of it in any register, in relation to any of the Patents; 

(d) the
 Licensee will, promptly on UCLB s request, provide (and will ensure that its patent
 agents provide) to UCLB all information, documentation and assistance (including executing
 documents) which UCLB may reasonably require to enable it to take over with the drafting,
 filing, prosecution and maintenance of the Patents; 

(e) except
 as set out in Clause 2.3.6, all sub-licences of the Patents , and/ or 
 the Know-how and/or the Materials granted by the Licensee pursuant to this Agreement
 will automatically terminate; 

(f) each
 Party shall upon the written request of the other Party, return or destroy any documents
 or other materials that are in its or its Affiliates or (where applicable) its Sub-licensees 
 possession or under its or their control and that contain the other Party s Confidential
 Information; 

(f) (g) 
 the Licensee shall upon
 the written request of UCLB, return or destroy any unused Materials that are in its or its Affiliates or (where applicable) its Sub-
 licensees possession or under its or their control; 

(g) (h) 
 in order that UCLB may have
 the opportunity to exercise an option to continue either itself or through an appropriate third party to develop, manufacture and commercialise
 Licensed Products: 

(i) the
 Licensee shall promptly on UCLB s request: 

(A) deliver
 to UCLB (as the Licensee s Confidential Information and solely for the purpose of evaluation
 by UCLB) a copy of all technical and clinical data relating to Licensed Products generated
 by it or its Affiliates and/or Sub-licensees; and 

(B) disclose
 to UCLB (as the Licensee s Confidential Information and solely for the purpose of evaluation
 by UCLB) full details of all and any improvements, modifications, adaptations and new uses
 of the Licensed Technology generated by it or its Affiliates and Sub-licensees; and 

39 

(C) to
 the extent possible, and subject to the prior execution and delivery of the agreement contemplated
 by Clause 10.3.2(ii) below) take all action necessary to have its right, title and interest
 in and to any clinical trial authorisations, product licences, marketing authorisations,
 pricing and/ or reimbursement approvals (and any applications for any of the foregoing) which
 relate to Licensed Products transferred into the name of UCLB or its nominee; 

(ii) UCLB
 shall have the option to acquire an exclusive, worldwide licence, with the rights to grant
 sub-licences, to use and commercialise any technical and clinical data, and any Licensee
 Improvements relating, and any product names and trademarks which have been applied, to Licensed
 Products which are owned or controlled by the Licensee or its Affiliates or Sub-licensees
 for the purpose of developing, manufacturing and commercialising Licensed Products on terms
 to be negotiated between the parties acting reasonably; 

(iii) subject
 to the prior execution and delivery of the agreement contemplated by Clause 10.3.2(ii) above,
 the Licensee hereby appoints (and will ensure that each of its Affiliates and Sub-licensees
 appoints) UCLB as its attorney to execute such documents and do such things in its name as
 may be necessary to effect the transfer to UCLB or UCLB s nominee of its right, title
 and interest in and to all regulatory approvals, and in the case of applications for regulatory
 approvals the status of applicant under such applications, for Licensed Products obtained
 or submitted by the Licensee or its Affiliates or Sub-licensees if the Licensee or any of
 its Affiliates or Sub-licensees (as the case may be) does not execute such documents and/
 or do such acts within a period of seven (7) days following UCLB s written request
 pursuant to this paragraph, 

provided
however that all of the foregoing obligations will only apply in relation to Sub-licensees whose rights are terminating under paragraph
(e) above. 

10.3.3 Upon
 termination of this Agreement for any reason the provisions of Clauses 1, 2.3.8, 2.5, 3.2
 to 3.5, 4 (in respect of amounts paid and payable to UCLB in respect of the period up to
 and including the date of termination), 5.6, 7, 9.6, 9.7, 9.8, 10.3 and 11 shall remain in
 force. 

40 

11. GENERAL 

11.1 Force
 Majeure. 

11.1.1 Any
 delays in or failure of performance by either Party under this Agreement will not be considered
 a breach of this Agreement if and to the extent that such delay or failure is caused by occurrences
 beyond the reasonable control of that Party and could not have been avoided or mitigated
 by contingency planning including acts of God; acts, regulations and laws of any government;
 strikes or other concerted acts of workers; epidemics; fire; floods; explosions; riots; wars;
 rebellion; and sabotage; and any time for performance hereunder will be extended by the actual
 time of delay caused by any such occurrence. 

11.1.2 If
 either Party is prevented from carrying out its obligations under this Agreement for a continuous
 period of six (6) months the other Party may terminate this Agreement on giving thirty (30)
 days prior written notice provided always that at the date upon which termination
 becomes effective the Party which was prevented from carrying out its obligations under this
 Agreement remains so prevented. 

11.2 Amendment. 

This
Agreement may only be amended in writing signed by duly authorised representatives of UCLB and the Licensee. 

11.3 Assignment
 and Third Party Rights. 

11.3.1 Subject
 to Clause 11.3.2, neither Party shall assign, mortgage, charge or otherwise transfer or deal
 with any rights or obligations under this Agreement, nor any of the Patents , or
 the Know-how or the Materials , without the prior written consent of the other
 Party. 

11.3.2 Each
 Party may, subject to obtaining the consent of the other Party which shall not be unreasonably
 withheld, delayed or conditioned, transfer all its rights and obligations under this Agreement
 together with its rights in the Patents , and the Know- how and
 the Materials to any company to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets
 or business in the Field, provided that the assignee undertakes to the other Party to be
 bound by and perform the obligations of the assignor under this Agreement. However a Party
 shall not have such a right to transfer this Agreement if it is insolvent or any other circumstance
 described in Clause 10.2.2(f) applies to it or if the proposed assignee is a Tobacco Company
 or an Affiliate of such a company or a Person involved as its primary business in arms dealing,
 gambling operations, or the promotion of violence or an Affiliate of such Person, or if the
 proposed assignee is a Person regularly involved in child labour or an Affiliate of such
 Person. 

41 

11.4 Waiver. 

Any
waiver given under or in relation to this Agreement shall be in writing and signed by or on behalf of the relevant Party. No failure
or delay on the part of either Party to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement shall be construed or operate as a waiver thereof
or of any other provision hereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right or remedy preclude the further exercise of such
right or remedy or of any other right or remedy. 

11.5 Invalid
 Clauses. 

If
any provision or part of this Agreement is held to be invalid, amendments to this Agreement may be made (by the mutual agreement of the
parties if possible, but if not then by a court or arbitrator who shall be appointed with mutual consent of the Parties) by the addition
or deletion of wording as appropriate to remove the invalid part or provision but otherwise retain the provision and the other provisions
of this Agreement to the maximum extent permissible under applicable law. 

11.6 No
 Agency. 

Neither
Party shall act or describe itself as the agent of the other, nor shall it make or represent that it has authority to make any commitments
on the other s behalf. 

11.7 Interpretation. 

In
this Agreement: 

11.7.1 the
 headings are used for convenience only and shall not affect its interpretation; 

11.7.2 references
 to persons shall include incorporated and unincorporated persons; references to the singular
 include the plural and vice versa; and references to the masculine include the feminine; 

11.7.3 references
 to Clauses and Schedules mean clauses of, and schedules to, this Agreement; 

11.7.4 references
 in this Agreement to termination shall include termination by expiry; 

11.7.5 where
 the word including is used it shall be understood as meaning including
 without limitation 

42 

11.7.6 any
 reference to any English law term for any action, remedy, method or judicial proceeding,
 legal document, legal status, court, official or any legal concept or thing shall in respect
 of any jurisdiction other than England be deemed to include what most nearly approximates
 in that jurisdiction to the English law term; 

11.7.7 time
 shall be of the essence in relation to the performance of the Licensee s obligations
 under this Agreement; and 

11.7.8 any
 reference to the sale of a Licensed Product by the Licensee or its Affiliates or Sub-licensees
 will be taken to include any supply or other disposal of Licensed Products, and the term
 sold shall be construed accordingly. 

11.8 Notices;
 Addresses for Service. 

11.8.1 Any
 notice to be given under this Agreement shall be in English, in writing and shall be delivered
 by Royal Mail signed for first class mail (if sent to an inland address) or by international
 courier, or by email (confirmed by Royal Mail signed for first class mail or international
 courier, as appropriate) to the address of the relevant Party set out at the head of this
 Agreement or to the address of the Licensee specified for service within the jurisdiction
 of the courts of England and Wales, or to the relevant email address set out below, or such
 other address or email address as that Party may from time to time notify to the other Party
 in accordance with this Clause 11.8. The email addresses of the Parties are as follows: 

UCLB

Licensee

11.8.2 Notices
 sent as above shall be deemed to have been received three (3) working days after the day
 of posting in the case of delivery inland by Royal Mail signed for first class mail, or three
 (3) working days after the date of collection by the international courier, or in the case
 of email notifications, at the time the email is sent provided that, within twenty-four (24)
 hours of sending the email, a hard copy of the email and any attachments thereto are sent
 by Royal Mail signed for first class mail or international courier, as appropriate, or delivered
 by hand, to the address of the relevant Party set out at the head of this Agreement. 

11.8.3 Either
 Party may, by notice given pursuant to this Cause 11.8, change its address- for-notice. 

43 

11.9 Dispute
 Resolution 

11.9.1 If
 a dispute (a Dispute arises out of or in connection with this Agreement
 (including in relation to any non-contractual obligations) each Party may during the term
 of this Agreement serve a written notice (a Referral Notice on the
 other Party. Each Party will procure that its representatives referred to in Clauses 11.9.2
 and 11.9.3 will comply with the provisions of this Clause 11.9. 

11.9.2 Following
 service of a Referral Notice in relation to a Dispute, that Dispute will be referred for
 resolution to the Chief Executive Officer for the time being on behalf of UCLB and the Chief
 Executive Officer or other senior manager for the time being on behalf of the Licensee. Those
 representatives will meet at the earliest convenient time and in any event within forty-five
 (45) days of the date of service of the relevant Referral Notice and will attempt to resolve
 the Dispute. 

11.9.3 Subject
 to Clause 11.9.4, the procedures set out in Clauses 11.9.1 to 11.9.3 (inclusive) will be
 followed prior to the commencement of any proceedings by each party in relation to a Dispute.
 However, if a Dispute is not resolved within forty-five (45) days of the meeting of the representatives
 in accordance with Clause 11.9.2 each Party may commence proceedings in accordance with Clause
 11.10. 

11.9.4 Nothing
 in this Clause 11.9 will prevent or delay either party from: 

(a) seeking
 orders for specific performance, interim or final injunctive relief; 

(b) exercising
 any rights it has to terminate this Agreement; and/or 

(c) commencing
 any proceedings where this is necessary to avoid any loss of a claim due to the rules on
 limitation of actions. 

11.10 Law
 and Jurisdiction. 

The
validity, construction and performance of this Agreement, and any contractual and non- contractual claims arising hereunder, shall be
governed by English law and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts to which the parties hereby submit. 

11.11 Entire
 Agreement. 

This
Agreement, including its Schedules, sets out the entire agreement between the Parties relating to its subject matter and supersedes all
prior oral or written agreements, arrangements or understandings between them relating to such subject matter; provided that any prior
written nondisclosure/non-use provisions are not superseded and shall remain in force. Subject to Clause 9.7.5, the Parties acknowledge
that they are not relying on any representation, agreement, term or condition which is not set out in this Agreement. 

11.12 Third
 Parties. 

Except
for the rights of UCL as provided in Clause 2.4, all rights expressly provided herein to Affiliates of a Party, the rights of the Indemnitees
as provided in Clause 9.6 and the limitations of liability afforded to the Indemnitees pursuant to Clause 9.7, who may in their own right
enforce and rely on the provisions of those Clauses, this Agreement does not create any right enforceable by any person who is not a
party to it Third Party under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this Clause does not affect any right
or remedy of a Third Party which exists or is available apart from that Act. The Parties may amend, renew, terminate or otherwise vary
all or any of the provisions of this Agreement, including Clauses 2.4, 9.6 and 9.7, without the consent of UCL and/ or the Indemnitees
and/or any such Affiliate. 

11.13 Non-use
 of Names; Announcements. 

11.13.1 The
 Licensee shall not use, and shall ensure that its Affiliates and Sub-licensees do not use,
 the name, any adaptation of the name, any logo, trademark or other device of UCLB, nor of
 the inventors named on the Patents nor the Principal Investigator, in any advertising, promotional
 or sales materials without prior, express written consent obtained from UCLB in each case,
 except that the Licensee may state that it is licensed by UCLB under the Patents. 

11.13.2 Except
 as permitted under Clause 5.6 or Clause 11.3.1, neither Party shall make any press or other
 public announcement concerning any aspect of this Agreement, or make any use of the name
 or trademarks of the other Party in connection with or in consequence of this Agreement,
 without the prior, express written consent of the other Party (which shall not be unreasonably
 refused, if required by applicable law). 

44 

EXECUTED
AND DELIVERED on the date set out at the head of this Licence Agreement. 

For
 and on behalf of 
 
 For
 and on behalf of 

UCL
 Business Limited 
 
 Qualigen
 Therapeutics, Inc. 

signed 
 
 signed 

print
 name 
 
 print
 name 

t itle 
 
 title 

date 
 
 date 

45 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-10.31>
 7
 ex10-31.htm

Exhibit
10.31 

Amendment
to Executive Employment Agreement with Michael P. Poirier, dated January 13, 2023 

January
13, 2023 

Dear
Mr. Poirier: 

As
you know, on January 13, 2023, the board of directors of Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company ), as part of certain
cost-cutting measures across the Company, approved a temporary 20 reduction to the base salaries of all executive officers of the Company. 

To
that end, effective as of January 16, 2023, your annual base salary will be reduced to 460,000. 

We
truly appreciate your loyalty, hard work and commitment to the Company. With your help and cooperation, I am confident that we will emerge
stronger and hopeful the changes will allow us to effectively position the Company for future success. 

Sincerely, 

Christopher
Lotz 

 VP
and CFO of Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-10.32>
 8
 ex10-32.htm

Exhibit
10.32 

Amendment
to Executive Employment Agreement with Amy Broidrick, dated January 13, 2023 

January
13, 2023 

Dear
Ms. Broidrick: 

As
you know, on January 13, 2023, the board of directors of Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company ), as part of certain
cost-cutting measures across the Company, approved a temporary 20 reduction to the base salaries of all executive officers of the Company. 

To
that end, effective as of January 16, 2023, your annual base salary will be reduced to 360,000. 

We
truly appreciate your loyalty, hard work and commitment to the Company. With your help and cooperation, I am confident that we will emerge
stronger and hopeful the changes will allow us to effectively position the Company for future success. 

Sincerely, 

Michael
Poirier 

 Chairman
and CEO of Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-10.33>
 9
 ex10-33.htm

Exhibit
10.33 

Amendment
to Executive Employment Agreement with Tariq Arshad, dated January 13, 2023 

January
13, 2023 

Dear
Dr. Arshad: 

As
you may know, on January 13, 2023, the board of directors of Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company ), as part of certain
cost-cutting measures across the Company, approved a temporary 20 reduction to the base salaries of all executive officers of the Company. 

To
that end, effective as of January 16, 2023, your annual base salary will be reduced to 320,000. 

We
truly appreciate your loyalty, hard work and commitment to the Company. With your help and cooperation, I am confident that we will emerge
stronger and hopeful the changes will allow us to effectively position the Company for future success. 

Sincerely, 

Michael
Poirier 

 Chairman
and CEO of Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. 

</EX-10.33>

<EX-21.1>
 10
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF THE REGISTRANT 

Qualigen,
Inc. a Delaware corporation. 

NanoSynex
Ltd. a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Israel 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 11
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT OF BAKER TILLY US, LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statements on Form S-3 (File No. 333-266430 and 333-269088) and Form S-8 (File No. 333-220907, 333-249280, 333-249281 and
333-262090) of Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc. of our report dated May 2, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, which includes
an explanatory paragraph relating to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern and appears on page 38 of this annual
report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ BAKER TILLY US, LLP 

San Diego, CA 

May 2, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 12
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

C ERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Michael S. Poirier, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware
 corporation; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the condensed consolidated financial statements, and other financial information
 included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
 in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
 in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
 such control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting
 to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
 of financial reporting and the preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements
 for external purposes with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

May 2, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Michael S. Poirier 

Name: 
 Michael
 S. Poirier 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 13
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Christopher L. Lotz, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual report on Form 10-K of Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware
 corporation; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the condensed consolidated financial statements, and other financial information
 included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
 in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
 in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
 such control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting
 to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
 of financial reporting and the preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements
 for external purposes with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

May
 2, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Christopher L. Lotz 

Name: 
 Christopher
 L. Lotz 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 14
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Each
of the undersigned, Michael S. Poirier, Chief Executive Officer of Qualigen Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
 Company ), and Christopher L. Lotz, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge (1) the Annual Report on
Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

May
2, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Michael S. Poirier 

Name: 
 Michael
 S. Poirier 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

May
2, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Christopher L. Lotz 

Name: 
 Christopher
 L. Lotz 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

These
certifications accompanying and being furnished with this Report, shall not be deemed filed by the Company
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability under that Section and
shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Report, irrespective of any general incorporation
language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 27
 qlgn-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 29
 qlgn-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 30
 qlgn-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 31
 qlgn-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

