<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230530_10-K_edgar_data_1570132_0001553350-23-000316.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1582188</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>46536</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>459216</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>301304</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>318373</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>422284</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001553350-23-000316.hdr.sgml : 20230530
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230530115754
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001553350-23-000316
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230228
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230530
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230530

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ANVI GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001570132
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-FOOD STORES [5400]
		IRS NUMBER:				331226144
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-188648
		FILM NUMBER:		23973213

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1135 KILDAIRE FARM ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 319-4
		CITY:			CARY
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27511
		BUSINESS PHONE:		408 821 4491

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1135 KILDAIRE FARM ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 319-4
		CITY:			CARY
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27511

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VETRO, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130220

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001553350-23-000316.txt : 20230530

10-K
 1
 anvi_10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2023 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 
 of Incorporation or Organization) 

Identification No.) 

Address of Principal Executive Office: , , , 

Registrant s telephone number, including area
code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
 the Act : None 

Common Stock, .001 par value 
 Title of Class 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in
the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check
mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received
by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

As of May 22, 2023, the registrant had 
 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 
 market value has been computed based upon the fact that no active trading market has been established as of May 22, 2023. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 1 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 1 

Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 1 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 1 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 1 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 2 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 2 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 2 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 4 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 4 

Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 14 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 14 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 15 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections. 
 15 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 16 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 17 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 17 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 18 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 18 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 19 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 19 

Signatures 
 21 

i 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This annual report contains forward-looking statements.
These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. These statements often can be identified by the use of terms
such as may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, estimate, approximate 
or continue, or the negative thereof. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors for such
statements. We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the
date made. Any forward-looking statements represent management's best judgment as to what may occur in the future. However, forward-looking
statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and important factors beyond our control that could cause actual results and events to
differ materially from historical results of operations and events and those presently anticipated or projected. We disclaim any obligation
subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statement or to reflect
the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. Throughout this Report, references to we, us the
Company, the Registrant, etc., all refer to Anvi Global Holdings, Inc. 

GENERAL 

Anvi Global Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in the
State of Nevada on August 15, 2012 and established a fiscal year end of February 28. We formed the Company to commence operations in the
business of selling crepes; however, we abandoned that business when control of the Company was sold by Tatiana Fumioka, on May 6, 2014.
As a result, we are now controlled by Rama Mohan R. Busa, the principal shareholder and sole officer and director. 

Anvi Global Holdings, Inc now intends to become a
diversified, global holdings company with interest in a suite of businesses in various key segments, including mining, infrastructure,
heavy earthworks, health services and aerospace engineering, positioned globally. The Company s objective is to maximize shareholder
value through investing in and/or acquiring a portfolio of companies in emerging global markets like India, South America and Africa,
adding value to the operating enterprises. The Company plans to invest in or acquire businesses which offer strategic market position,
strong cash flows and robust future potential growth, which are complementary to each other. The Company intends to broaden and intensify
positions in carefully selected investment areas and is poised to have strong presence across these countries. As of the date of this
Annual Report, the Company has not invested in or acquired any assets or company. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, as such, are not required to provide the information under this Item. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We do not own any real estate or other properties. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There are no material claims, actions, suits, proceedings,
or investigations that are currently pending or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened by or against the Company or respecting
its operations or assets, or by or against any of the Company s officers, directors, or affiliates. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 

None. 

1 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common shares are quoted on the OTC Markets website
under the symbol ANVI . However, there has been no trading of our common shares. 

Trading in stocks quoted on the OTC Markets website
is often thin and is characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may be unrelated to a company s
operations or business prospects. We cannot assure you that there will be a market in the future for our common stock. 

OTC Markets securities are not listed or traded on
the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange. OTC Markets issuers are predominantly smaller companies that do not meet
the financial and other listing requirements of a regional or national stock exchange. 

As of February 28, 2023, no shares of our common stock
have traded. 

Number of Holders 

As of February 28, 2023, the 119,950,000 issued and
outstanding shares of common stock were held by a total of 65 shareholders of record. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends since our inception
and do not foresee declaring any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchase of our Equity Securities by Officers and Directors 

None. 

Other Stockholder Matters 

None. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with our financial statements, including the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this annual report. The following discussion contains
forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed
in the forward-looking statements. Our audited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance
with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 

2 

Results of Operations 

The Company has incurred losses since inception resulting
in an accumulated deficit of 1,833,357 as of February 28, 2023. Our financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue
as a going concern and, accordingly, do not include adjustments relating to the recoverability and realization of assets and classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue in operation. 

We expect we will require additional capital to meet
our long-term operating requirements, if and when we acquire any assets or a business. We expect to raise additional capital through,
among other things, the sale of equity or debt securities. 

Fiscal year ended February 28, 2023 compared
to the fiscal year ended February 28, 2022 

Revenue 

We did not recognize any revenue for the years ended
February 28, 2023 or 2022. 

Operating Expenses 

 General and administrative expenses were 231,503
 for the year ended February 28, 2023, compared to 231,528 for the year ended February 28, 2022,
a decrease of only 25. In the current year, we incurred 144,000 of expense from our service agreement with Anvi Global Inc. (previously
with Strategic-IT Group Inc) (Note 4), professional fees of 31,565, travel expense of 17,724, OTC fees of 13,165, transfer agent fees
of 15,610 and other general expenses of 9,439. In the prior period, we incurred 144,000 of expense from our service agreement with
Strategic-IT Group Inc professional fees of 38,200, travel expense of 12,694, OTC fees of 14,037 and other general expenses of 22,597. 

Net Loss 

 Our net loss for the year ended February 28, 2023
was 231,503 compared to 231,528 for the year ended February 28, 2022. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

 We have not generated positive cash flows from operating
activities. For the year ended February 28, 2023, net cash flows used in operating activities was 81,514 compared to 79,544 in the prior
year. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

 We have financed our operations primarily from advances
from our CEO. For the year ended February 28, 2023, we received 76,190 from our CEO compared to 82,372 in the prior year. 

PLAN OF OPERATION AND FUNDING 

We have no lines of credit or other bank financing
arrangements capital and generate revenues to meet long-term operating requirements. If and when we commence any operations, additional
issuances of equity or convertible debt securities will result in dilution to our current shareholders. Further, such securities might
have rights, preferences or privileges senior to our common stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms, or
at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective
new business endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly and materially restrict our business operations. 

We do not currently engage in enough business activities
that provide cash flow. During the next twelve months we anticipate incurring costs related to: 

(i) 
 filing of Exchange Act reports, and 

(ii) 
 costs relating to developing our business plan 

MATERIAL COMMITMENTS 

As of the date of this Annual Report, we do not have
any material commitments. 

3 

GOING CONCERN 

The independent auditors' report accompanying our
February 28, 2023 and 2022 financial statements contains an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. The financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates
that we will realize assets and satisfy liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of business. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

ANVI GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , Auditor Firm ID: 
 5 

Balance Sheets as of February 28, 2023 and 2022 
 6 

Statements of Operations for the Years Ended February 28, 2023 and 2022 
 7 

Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended February 28,2023 and 2022 
 8 

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended February 28, 2023 and 2022 
 9 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 10 

4 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Anvi Global
Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Anvi Global Holdings, Inc. the Company as of February 28, 2023 and 2022, and the related statements of operations, stockholders 
equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended February 28, 2023, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of February 28, 2023 and 2022 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in
the two-year period ended February 28, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has had no
revenue and an accumulated deficit. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the
current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that
(1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective,
or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

Spokane, Washington 

 May 26, 2023 

5 

ANVI GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 BALANCE SHEETS 

February 28, 2023 
 February 28, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaids 

Total Current Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable - related party 

Accrued liabilities - related party 

Due to an officer 

Total current 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders' Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

6 

ANVI GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended 

February 28, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Operating Expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Basic loss per share 

Basic weighted average shares 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

7 

ANVI GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF
STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Stockholders' Deficit 
 
 Balance, February 28, 2021 

Net Loss 

Balance, February 28, 2022 

Net Loss 

Balance, February 28, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

8 

ANVI GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 

February 28, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net cash used in operating activities: 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Prepaids 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable - related party 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Advances from an officer 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

9 

ANVI GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 February 28, 2023 

cash equivalents for the years ended February 28, 2023
and 2022. 

as of February 28, 2023. The Company requires
capital for its contemplated operational and marketing activities. The Company s ability to raise additional capital through the
future issuances of common stock is unknown. The obtainment of additional financing, the successful development of the Company s
contemplated plan of operations, and its transition, ultimately, to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company
to continue operations. These conditions and the ability to successfully resolve these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments that may result from the
outcome of these uncertainties. 

The Company has discussed ways in order to mitigate
conditions or events that may raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern, there are no assurances that any
of these measures will successfully mitigate or be effective at all. (1) The Company shall pursue financing plans to raise funds to judiciously
spend towards operational expenses, (2) The Company shall continue to employ low cost measures to operate its business and analyze any
unnecessary cost or expense, (3) The Company will seek to avoid unnecessary expenditures, travel, and lodging costs that are not mission
critical to its business. 

and 
of prepaid expenses, respectively, for OTC Market s annual fee. 

a month include, but are not limited to, providing office space, IT and related
services, business consulting, and investor relations. On July 27, 2020, the service agreement was assigned to Anvi Global Inc (a company
owned by the CEO). As of February 28, 2023 and 2022 ,
the Company has an accrued, unpaid balance due of and , respectively. 

On July 27,
2020, Strategic-IT Group Inc., assigned their service agreement with the Company to Anvi Global, Inc. All terms under the original agreement
remain the same. Anvi Global, Inc. is owned by the CEO. As of February 28, 2023 and
 2022 , the Company has accounts payable due to Anvi Global, Inc. of and ,
respectively. 

Since 2018 Rama
Mohan R. Busa, CEO, has advanced funds to the Company from his personal account and related companies. The advances are to pay for operating
expenses, are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. As of February 28, 2023 and
 2022 , the balance due was and ,
respectively. 

is being
used. 

Net deferred tax assets consist of the following components
as of: 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

The income tax provision differs from the amount of income tax determined
by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate to pretax income from continuing operations for the fiscal years ending, due to the following: 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net provision for Federal income taxes 

At February 28, 2023, the Company had net operating
loss carry forwards of approximately that may be offset against future taxable income. NOLs from tax years up to 2017 can be
carried forward twenty years. Under the CARES Act, the Company can carry forward NOLs indefinitely
for NOLs generated in a tax year beginning after 2017, that remain after they are carried back to tax years in the five-year carryback
period . No tax benefit has been reported in the February 28, 2023, financial statements since the potential tax benefit is offset
by a valuation allowance of the same amount. 

Due to the change in ownership provisions of the Tax
Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carry forwards for Federal Income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations. Should
a change in ownership occur, net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to use in future years. With few exceptions, the Company
is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2016. 

13 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation of
our management, including the Chief Executive Officer who also acts as our Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period
covered by this report. The disclosure controls and procedures ensure that all information required to be disclosed by us in the reports
that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is: (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rule and forms; and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer concluded that, as of February
28, 2023, these disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

The term disclosure
controls and procedures (defined in SEC Rule 13a-15(e)) refers to the controls and other procedures of a company that are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within required time periods. Disclosure controls
and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management,
including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)). The Company s internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision and with the participation
of management including its CEO CFO, company conducted its evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting as of February 28, 2023, using the criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The Company has yet
to assess and establish effective internal control over financial reporting as of February 28, 2023, and as such, there might exist control
deficiencies that in turn might have constituted and lead to material weaknesses, as described below, which list is not exhaustive but
is intended to be illustrative to indicate such weaknesses . Our management identified the following material weaknesses in our
internal control over financial reporting, which are indicative of many small companies with small staff: (i) inadequate segregation of
duties and effective risk assessment; and (ii) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with
respect to the requirements and application of both US GAAP and SEC guidelines. 

14 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

Our management has determined that there were no changes
made in the implementation of our internal controls over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of the year ended February 28,
2023. 

Attestation Report of Independent Public Accounting Firm 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting because as a smaller reporting company
we are not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

15 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

The name, address and position of our present officer and director is set
forth below: 

Name and Address of Executive Officer and/or Director 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Rama Mohan R. Busa 
 1135 Kildaire Farm Rd. Suite 319-4, Cary NC 27511 
 
 58 
 
 CEO, CFO and sole Director 

RAMA MOHAN R
BUSA has been the Company s CEO, CFO and sole Director since May 5, 2014. Mr. Busa graduated in Sciences from SV University, India
in 1989. Thereafter he obtained an International Diploma in Computer Programming Applications from NCC, UK (Indian affiliate) in
1990. He is a deeply accomplished and results-driven delivery entrepreneur. Since the year 1992, Rama Mohan R. Busa has been
in the business of Information Technology and its related businesses. His industry experience includes global risk assessment, identifying
sectors opportunities within, creating networks, establishing relationships and international trade development retailing.
Mr. Busa is experienced in combining both his theoretical and practical acumen to solve business problems. In 2012, he ventured into the
mining business and all associated activities linked to mining, such as extraction, excavation, processing, refining, grading, and carrying
global trading of mined ores or metals, or other products or bi-products. He is currently the principal shareholder and controlling officer
of ANVI Private. As the Registrant s sole officer and director, Mr. Busa intends to devote such time as is required for the Registrant s
business and its operations as needed. 

During the past ten years, Mr. Busa has not been the
subject to any of the following events: 

1. 
 Any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which Mr. Busa was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time. 

2. 
 Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding. 

3. 
 An order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, or any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting Mr. Busa s involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities. 

4. 
 Any finding by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Future Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

5. 
 Any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right to engage in any securities activity, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

6. 
 Any finding by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

7. 
 Any subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

i. 
 Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

ii. 
 Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or 

iii. 
 Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

8. 
 Any subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

16 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

The table below summarizes all compensation awarded
to, earned by, or paid to our executive officers by any person for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the fiscal period
in the fiscal years ended February 28, 2023 and 2022: 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 

Salary 
 ) 

Bonus 
 ) 

Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 

Option 
 Awards 
 ) 

Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 ) 

All Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Rama Mohan R. Busa 
 
 2023 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

2022 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

There are no current employment agreements between
the Company and its sole officer. The compensation discussed herein addresses all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our named
executive officer. There are no other stock option plans, retirement, pension, or profit sharing plans for the benefit of our officers
and directors other than as described herein. 

As of February 28, 2023, we had no pension plans or
compensatory plans or other arrangements which provide compensation in the event of a termination of employment or a change in our control. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following table provides certain information regarding
the ownership of our common stock, as of February 28, 2023 and as of the date of the filing of this annual report by: 

each of our executive officers; 

each director; 

each person known to us to own more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; and 

all of our executive officers and directors and as a group. 

Title of Class 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 

Amount and Nature of 
 Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Percentage 

Directors and named Executive Officers 

Common Stock 

Rama Mohan R. Busa 
 1135 Kildaire Farm Rd, Suite 319-4 
 Cary, NC 27511 
 
 83,478,042 shares of common stock (1) 

69.60 

All officers and directors (1 person) 
 
 83,478,042 shares of common stock (1) 

69.60 

Beneficial Owners of 5 or more 

Common Stock 

Dushyant Reddy Chavva 
 Plot 242/B Rd #76, 
 Jubilee Hills, Telangana, Hyderabad, India 
 
 12,810,000 shares of common stock 

10.68 

(1) 
 Includes 11,478,042 shares owned by Anvi Global, Inc., a privately-owned company of which Rama Mohan R. Busa is the majority shareholder and CEO. 

The percentage of class is based on 119,950,000 shares
of common stock issued and outstanding as of the date of this annual report. 

17 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE . 

On May 28, 2014,
the Company executed a service agreement with Strategic-IT Group Inc. Strategic-IT Group Inc. is owned and operated by Rama Mohan R. Busa,
CEO. Services to be provided at 12,000 a month include, but are not limited to, providing office space, IT and related services, business
consulting, and investor relations. On July 27, 2020, the service agreement was assigned to Anvi Global Inc (a company owned by the CEO).
As of February 28, 2023 and 2022 , the Company
has an accrued, unpaid balance due of 900,000 and 900,000, respectively. 

On July 27,
2020, Strategic-IT Group Inc., assigned their service agreement with the Company to Anvi Global, Inc. All terms under the original agreement
remain the same. Anvi Global, Inc. is owned by the CEO. As of February 28, 2023 and
 2022 , the Company has accounts payable due to Anvi Global, Inc. of 360,000 and 180,000,
respectively. 

Since 2018 Rama
Mohan R. Busa, CEO, has advanced funds to the Company from his personal account and related companies. The advances are to pay for operating
expenses, are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. As of February 28, 2023 and
 2022 , the balance due was 480,020 and 403,830 ,
respectively. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES . 

Below is the aggregate amount of fees billed for
professional services rendered by our principal accountants, Fruci Associates II, PLLC, with respect to our last fiscal year. 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Audit fees 
 16,250 
 15,500 
 
 Audit related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Total 
 16,250 
 15,500 

All of the professional services rendered by principal
accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory
and regulatory filings or engagements for last two fiscal years were approved by our board of directors. 

Audit Fees 

Consist of fees billed for professional services rendered
for the audit of our financial statements and review of interim financial statements included in quarterly reports and services that are
normally provided by the principal accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit Related Fees 

Consist of fees billed for assurance and related services
that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit
Fees . 

Tax Fees 

Consist of fees billed for professional services for
tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. These services include preparation of federal and state income tax returns. 

All Other Fees 

Consist of fees for product and services other than
the services reported above. 

18 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

The following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report. 

Exhibits: 

Exhibit 
 Exhibit Description 
 Filed 
herewith 
 Form 
 Period 
ending 
 Exhibit 
 Filing 
 date 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 

32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in
the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 X 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 X 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 X 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Definition 
 X 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 X 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 X 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained
in Exhibit 101) 
 X 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

19 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: May 30, 2023 

ANVI GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Rama Mohan R. Busa 

Rama Mohan R. Busa 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

21 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 anvi_ex31z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Rama Mohan R. Busa, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
of ANVI GLOBAL HOLDINGS, INC., certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ANVI GLOBAL HOLDINGS,
INC.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d- 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure control and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability
to record, process summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: May 30, 2023 

/s/ Rama Mohan R. Busa 

Rama Mohan R. Busa, 

Chief Executive Officer and 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 anvi_ex32z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of ANVI GLOBAL
HOLDINGS, INC. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended February 28, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: May 30, 2023 

/s/ Rama Mohan R. Busa 

Rama Mohan R. Busa, 

Chief Executive Officer and 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 anvi-20230228.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 anvi-20230228_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 anvi-20230228_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 anvi-20230228_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

