<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230626_10-K_edgar_data_66418_0001493152-23-022509.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6731115</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>220046</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1138620</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2446673</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1251364</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1471145</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-022509.hdr.sgml : 20230626
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230626165826
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-022509
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230626
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230626

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MEXCO ENERGY CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000066418
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				840627918
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31785
		FILM NUMBER:		231043018

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		415 WEST WALL STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 475
		CITY:			MIDLAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9156821119

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		415 WEST WALL STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 475
		CITY:			MIDLAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MILLER OIL CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19800702

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-022509.txt : 20230626

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File No. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

,

, 

(Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code) 

(Address
 of principal executive offices, Zip Code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Indicate
by check-mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding twelve (12) months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past ninety (90) days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or and emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller
reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large
Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth
Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.1D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of September 30, 2022 (the last business day of
the Registrant s most recently completed second quarter) was as computed by reference to the last reported sale. 

There
were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of June 26, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 15 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 19 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 19 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 20 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Reserved 
 21 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 29 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 29 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 29 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 30 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 30 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 30 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 30 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 30 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 31 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 31 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 31 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 31 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 31 

Signatures 
 
 32 

Glossary of Abbreviations and Terms 
 33 

2 

As
used in this document, the Company , Mexco , we , us and our refer
to Mexco Energy Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

Abbreviations
or definitions of certain terms commonly used in the oil and gas industry and in this Form 10-K can be found in the Glossary of
Abbreviations and Terms . 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
(the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ).
These forward-looking statements are generally located in the material set forth under the headings Risk Factors , Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , Business , Properties but
may be found in other locations as well, and are typically identified by the words could , should , expect ,
 project , estimate , believe , anticipate , intend , budget ,
 plan , forecast , predict and other similar expressions. 

Forward-looking
statements generally relate to our profitability; planned capital expenditures; estimates of oil and gas production; future project dates;
estimates of future oil and gas prices; estimates of oil and gas reserves; our future financial condition or results of operations; and
our business strategy and other plans and objectives for future operations and are based upon our management s reasonable estimates
of future results or trends. Actual results in future periods may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements because of a number of risks and uncertainties affecting our business, including those discussed in Risk Factors .
The factors that may affect our expectations regarding our operations include, among others, the following: our success in development,
exploitation and exploration activities; our ability to make planned capital expenditures; declines in our production or prices of oil
and gas; our ability to raise equity capital or incur additional indebtedness; our restrictive debt covenants; our acquisition and divestiture
activities; weather conditions and events; the proximity, capacity, cost and availability of pipelines and other transportation facilities;
increases in the cost of drilling, completion and gas gathering or other costs of production and operations; and other factors discussed
elsewhere in this document. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise. 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

General 

Mexco
Energy Corporation, a Colorado corporation, is an independent oil and gas company engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development
and production of crude oil and natural gas properties located in the United States. Incorporated in April 1972 under the name Miller
Oil Company, the Company changed its name to Mexco Energy Corporation effective April 30, 1980. At that time, the shareholders of the
Company also approved amendments to the Articles of Incorporation resulting in a one-for-fifty reverse stock split of the Company s
common stock. 

Our
total estimated proved reserves at March 31, 2023 were approximately 1.552 million barrels of oil equivalent MMBOE of
which 47 was oil and natural gas liquids and 53 was natural gas, and our estimated present value of proved reserves was approximately
 39 million based on estimated future net revenues excluding taxes discounted at 10 per annum, pricing and other assumptions set forth
in Item 2 Properties below. 

Nicholas
C. Taylor beneficially owns approximately 44 of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Mr. Taylor is also our Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer. As a result, Mr. Taylor has significant influence in matters voted on by our shareholders, including the
election of our Board members. Mr. Taylor participates in all facets of our business and has a significant impact on both our business
strategy and daily operations. 

3 

Company
Profile 

Since
our inception, we have been engaged in acquiring and developing oil and gas properties and the exploration for and production of natural
gas, crude oil, condensate and natural gas liquids NGLs within the United States. We especially seek to acquire proved
reserves that fit well with existing operations or in areas where Mexco has established production. Acquisitions preferably will contain
most of their value in producing wells, behind pipe reserves and high quality proved undeveloped locations. Competition for the purchase
of proved reserves is intense. Sellers often utilize a bid process to sell properties. This process usually intensifies the competition
and makes it extremely difficult to acquire reserves without assuming significant price and production risks. We actively search for
opportunities to acquire proved oil and gas properties. However, because the competition is intense, we cannot give any assurance that
we will be successful in our efforts during fiscal 2024. 

While
we own oil and gas properties in other states, the majority of our activities are centered in West Texas and Southeastern New Mexico.
The Company also owns producing properties and undeveloped acreage in fourteen states. We acquire interests in producing and non-producing
oil and gas leases from landowners and leaseholders in areas considered favorable for oil and gas exploration, development and production.
In addition, we may acquire oil and gas interests by joining in oil and gas drilling prospects generated by third parties. We may also
employ a combination of the above methods of obtaining producing acreage and prospects. In recent years, we have placed primary emphasis
on the evaluation and purchase of producing oil and gas properties, including working, royalty and mineral interests, and prospects that
could have a potentially meaningful impact on our reserves. All of the Company s oil and gas interests are operated by others. 

From
1983 to 2023, Mexco Energy Corporation made numerous acquisitions of royalties, overriding royalties, minerals and working interests
in producing oil and gas properties including the following most significant acquisitions: 

1990-1994 
 
 Royalty
 interests, aggregate purchase price of approximately 501,000 covering multiple wells in the Gomez (Ellenberger) Field of Pecos County,
 Texas. 

1993-2014 
 
 Tabbs
 Bay Oil Company and Thompson Brothers Lumber Company, respectively dissolved in 1957 and 1947. Purchase covering thousands of acres
 located respectively in 19 counties of Texas, 3 parishes of Louisiana and one county in Arkansas and 8 counties of Texas, respectively
 consisting of various mineral, royalty and overriding royalty interests. 

1997 Forman
 Energy Corporation, purchase price of 1,591,000 consisting primarily of working interests
 in approximately 634 wells located in 12 states. 

2004 Royalty
 interests, purchase price 304,000 covering 37 producing wells in the Cotton Valley formation
 in Limestone County, Texas and the Lower Cotton Valley formation in Jackson Parish, Louisiana.
 This acreage contains 13 permitted or drilling wells and approximately 100 potential undrilled
 locations. 

Royalty
interests, purchase price 500,000 covering 4 producing gas units in Freestone County, Texas containing 33 producing wells and 17 potential
undeveloped locations in the Cotton Valley formation. 

2005 Royalty
 interests, purchase price 550,000 covering 75 producing wells, 9 permitted and/or drilling
 wells, and 83 potential undeveloped locations in the Cotton Valley formation of Freestone
 and Limestone Counties, Texas. 

2007 Non-operated
 working interests, purchase price 425,000 covering 2 properties in Lea County, New Mexico. 

Royalty
(mineral) acreage, purchase price 1,850,000 covering 122 mineral acres in the Newark East (Barnett Shale) Field of Tarrant County, Texas
amounting to approximately 21.45 royalty interest. 

2008 Royalty
 (mineral) acreage, purchase price 429,000 covering 522 mineral acres in the Newark East
 (Barnett Shale) Field of Tarrant County, Texas containing 6 producing natural gas wells,
 5 proven undeveloped well locations, and 6 potential drill sites on this acreage. In March
 2009, purchased additional interests, 49,000. 

4 

2010 Southwest
 Texas Disposal Corporation, purchase price 478,000 consisting of royalty interests in over
 300 wells located in 60 counties and parishes of 6 states. 

Overriding
royalty interests, purchase price 1,650,000 covering 5,120 gross acres over 8 sections in the Haynesville trend area of DeSoto Parish,
Louisiana containing 6 horizontal producing wells, 2 wells drilling wells, and 57 additional potential drill sites. The Company paid
 1.46 million in cash and the remainder was paid as 26,833 shares of its common stock issued from treasury shares. 

2011 Non-operating
 working interests, purchase price 670,000 covering 160 gross acres in the Fuhrman-Mascho
 Field of Andrews County, Texas containing 5 producing wells in the Grayburg and San Andres
 formations and additional 11 potential drill sites. In March 2012, purchased additional working
 interests, 275,000. 

2012 TBO
 Oil and Gas, LLC, purchase price of 1,150,000 consisting of working interests in approximately
 280 wells located in 16 counties of 3 states. 

2014 Royalty
 interests, purchase price 200,000 covering 43 wells in 12 counties of 8 states, primarily
 in Texas. 

Royalty
interests, purchase price 580,000 covering 580 wells in 87 counties of 8 states. Approximately 90 of the net revenue from these royalties
is produced by 157 wells located in the Barnett Shale of the Fort Worth Basin of Texas. Also included are interests in 423 wells in 8
states. 

Royalty
and mineral interests, purchase price 1,000,000 covering approximately 1,800 wells in 27 counties of Texas. Of these oil and gas reserves,
approximately 80 is natural gas and 20 oil. 

Non-Operated
working interests, purchase price 840,000 in 70 Natural gas producing wells located in 5 counties of Oklahoma. 

Non-Operated
working interests, purchase price 200,000 covering 80 wells located in Hockley and Pecos Counties, Texas. 

Non-Operated
working interests, purchase price 450,000 covering 43 wells in Webster Parish, Louisiana; Eddy County, New Mexico; and, Nolan and Smith
Counties, Texas. 

2019 Royalty
 interest investment, 300,000 for a less than 1 investment commitment in a limited liability
 company, capitalized at approximately 50 million to purchase royalty interests consisting
 of minerals located in the Marcellus and Utica areas of Ohio. This LLC has returned 226,725 and 76 of the total investment since inception in fiscal 2020. 

2022-2023 Overriding
 royalty interests, purchase price of 567,000 covering 53 producing wells and several additional
 potential locations for development in Atascosa and Karnes Counties, Texas. 

Royalty
interests, purchase price of 939,000 covering 22 producing wells and several additional potential locations for development in the Eagleford
area of Dimmit County, Texas. 

Royalty
interest investment, 2,000,000 for an approximate 2 investment commitment in a limited liability company, capitalized at approximately
 100 million to purchase royalty interests consisting of minerals located in the Marcellus and Utica areas of Ohio. As of the date of
this report, 400,000 of the commitment has been expended. 

Royalty interests, purchase price of 117,200 covering 28 producing wells in 6 counties in the Haynesville trend
area of Louisiana and 5 counties in Texas. 

5 

Industry
Environment and Outlook 

The
outbreak of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 resulted in a severe worldwide economic downturn, significantly disrupting
the demand for oil throughout the world, and created significant volatility, uncertainty and turmoil in the oil and gas industry. The
decrease in demand for oil, combined with excess supply of oil and related products, resulted in oil prices declining significantly in
late February 2020. Since mid-2020, oil prices have improved, with demand steadily increasing despite the uncertainties surrounding the
COVID-19 variants, which have continued to inhibit a full global demand recovery. In addition, worldwide oil inventories, from a historical
perspective, remain low and concerns exist with the ability of Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC and
other oil producing nations to meet forecasted future oil demand growth in 2023 and 2024, with many OPEC countries not able to produce
at their OPEC agreed upon quota levels due to their limited capital investments, and increases in cost over the last few years directed towards developing incremental
oil supplies. 

See
Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for discussion of our fiscal
2023 operating results and potential impact on fiscal 2024 operating results due to commodity price changes. 

Oil
and Gas Operations 

As
of March 31, 2023, oil constituted approximately 70 of our oil and gas revenues and approximately 47 of our total proved reserves volumes
for fiscal 2023. Revenues from oil and gas royalty interests accounted for approximately 28 of our oil and gas revenues for fiscal 2023. 

There
are two primary areas in which the Company is focused, 1) the Delaware Basin located in the Western portion of the Permian Basin including
Lea and Eddy Counties, New Mexico and Reeves and Loving Counties, Texas and 2) the Midland Basin located in the Eastern portion of the
Permian Basin including Reagan, Upton, Midland, Martin, Howard and Glasscock Counties, Texas. The Permian Basin in total accounts for
80 of our discounted future net cash flows from proved reserves and 79 of our gross revenues. 

The
Permian Basin is one of the oldest and most prolific producing basins in North America which has been a significant source of oil production
since the 1920s. The Permian Basin is known to have a number of zones of oil and natural gas bearing rock throughout. 

The
Delaware Basin properties, encompassing 30,007 gross acres, 195 net acres, 610 gross producing wells and 4 net wells account for approximately
58 of our discounted future net cash flows from proved reserves as of March 31, 2023. For fiscal 2023, these properties accounted for
62 of our net revenues. Of these discounted future net cash flows from proved reserves, approximately 15 are attributable to proven
undeveloped reserves which would be developed through new drilling. 

The
Midland Basin properties, encompassing 97,584 gross acres, 256 net acres, 1,016 gross producing wells and 2 net wells account for approximately
18 of our discounted future net cash flows from proved reserves as of March 31, 2023. For fiscal 2023, these properties accounted for
14 of our net revenues. Of these discounted future net cash flows from proved reserves, approximately 8 are attributable to proven
undeveloped reserves which would be developed through new drilling. 

Mexco
believes its most important properties for future development by horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing area are located in Lea
and Eddy Counties, New Mexico of the Delaware Basin and the Midland Basin in Midland, Reagan and Upton Counties, Texas. 

For
more on these and other operations in this area see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Commitments . 

We
own partial interests in approximately 6,400 producing wells all of which are located within the United States in the states of Texas,
New Mexico, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Alabama, Mississippi, Arkansas, Wyoming, Kansas, Colorado, Montana, Virginia, North Dakota, and Ohio.
Additional information concerning these properties and our oil and gas reserves is provided below. 

6 

The
following table indicates our oil and gas production in each of the last five years: 

Year 
 Oil(Bbls) 
 Gas
 (Mcf) 
 
 2023 
 73,968 
 534,363 
 
 2022 
 61,689 
 393,841 
 
 2021 
 50,327 
 324,205 
 
 2020 
 44,301 
 294,007 
 
 2019 
 35,359 
 295,133 

Competition
and Markets 

The
oil and gas industry is a highly competitive business. Competition for oil and gas reserve acquisitions is significant. We may compete
with major oil and gas companies, other independent oil and gas companies and individual producers and operators, some of which have
financial and personnel resources substantially in excess of those available to us. As a result, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage.
Competitive factors include price, contract terms and types and quality of service, including pipeline distribution. The price for oil
and gas is widely followed and is generally subject to worldwide market factors. Our ability to acquire and develop additional properties
in the future will depend upon our ability to evaluate and select suitable properties and to consummate transactions in this highly competitive
environment in a timely manner. 

In
addition, the oil and gas industry as a whole also competes with other industries in supplying the energy and fuel requirements of industrial,
commercial and individual consumers. The price and availability of alternative energy sources could adversely affect our revenue. 

Market
factors affect the quantities of oil and natural gas production and the price we can obtain for the production from our oil and natural
gas properties. Such factors include: the extent of domestic production; the level of imports of foreign oil and natural gas; the general
level of market demand on a regional, national and worldwide basis; domestic and foreign economic conditions that determine levels of
industrial production; political events in foreign oil-producing regions; and variations in governmental regulations including environmental,
energy conservation and tax laws or the imposition of new regulatory requirements upon the oil and natural gas industry. 

The
market for our oil, gas and natural gas liquids production depends on factors beyond our control including: domestic and foreign political
conditions; the overall level of supply of and demand for oil, gas and natural gas liquids; the price of imports of oil and gas; weather
conditions; the price and availability of alternative fuels; the proximity and capacity of gas pipelines and other transportation facilities;
and overall economic conditions. 

Major
Customers 

We
made sales that amounted to 10 or more of oil and gas revenues as follows for the years ended March 31: 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Company A 
 53 
 68 

Historically,
the Company has not experienced significant credit losses on our oil and gas accounts and management is of the opinion that significant
credit risk does not exist. Because a ready market exists for oil and gas production, we do not believe the loss of any individual purchaser
would have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. 

Environmental
Regulation 

The
oil and gas industry is extensively regulated at the federal, state, and local levels. Regulations affecting elements of the energy sector
are under constant review for amendment or expansion and frequently more stringent requirements are imposed. Various federal and state
agencies, including the Texas Railroad Commission, the Bureau of Land Management (the BLM ), an agency of the U.S Department
of the Interior DOI ), the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FERC ), the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency (the EPA ), the Department of Transportation DOT and the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA ), have legal and regulatory authority and oversight over the operations on the properties in which the Company owns
an interest. 

7 

Under
certain environmental laws and regulations, the operators of the Company properties could be subject to strict, joint and several liability
for the removal or remediation of property contamination, whether at a drill site or a waste disposal facility, even when the operators
did not cause the contamination or their activities were in compliance with all applicable laws at the time the actions were taken. The
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act CERCLA ), also known as the superfund 
law, for example, imposes liability, regardless of fault or the legality of the original conduct, on certain classes of persons for releases
into the environment of a hazardous substance. Liable persons may include the current or previous owner and operator of
a site where a hazardous substance has been disposed and persons who arranged for the disposal of a hazardous substance at a site. Under
CERCLA and similar statutes, government authorities or private parties may take actions in response to threats to the public health or
the environment or sue responsible persons for the associated costs. In the course of operations, the working interest owner and/or the
operator of the Company properties may have generated and may generate materials that could trigger cleanup liabilities. In addition,
the Company properties have produced oil and/or natural gas for many years, and previous operators may have disposed or released hydrocarbons,
wastes or hazardous substances at the Company properties. The operator of the Company properties or the working interest owners may be
responsible for all or part of the costs to clean up any such contamination. Although the Company is not the operator of such properties,
its ownership of the properties could cause it to be responsible for all or part of such costs to the extent CERCLA or any similar statute
imposes responsibility on such parties as owners. 

Various
state governments and regional organizations comprising state governments already have enacted legislation and promulgated rules restricting
greenhouse gases GHGs emissions or promoting the use of renewable energy, and additional such measures are frequently
under consideration. Although it is not possible at this time to estimate how potential future requirements addressing GHG emissions
would impact operations on the Company properties and revenue, either directly or indirectly, any future federal, state or local laws
or implementing regulations that may be adopted to address GHG emissions could require the operators of our properties to incur new or
increased costs to obtain permits, operate and maintain equipment and facilities, install new emission controls, acquire allowances to
authorize GHG emissions, pay taxes related to GHG emissions or administer a GHG emissions program. Regulation of GHGs could also result
in a reduction in demand for and production of oil and natural gas. Additionally, to the extent that unfavorable weather conditions are
exacerbated by global climate change or otherwise, the Company properties may be adversely affected to a greater degree than previously
experienced. 

We
did not incur any material capital expenditures for remediation or pollution control activities for the year ended March 31, 2023. Additionally,
as of the date of this report, we are not aware of any environmental issues or claims that will require material capital expenditures
during fiscal 2024. 

Other
Regulation 

Other
agencies with certain authority over the Company s business include the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS ), the SEC
and NYSE. Ensuring compliance with the rules, regulations and orders promulgated by such entities requires extensive effort and incremental
costs to comply, which affects the Company s profitability. Because public policy changes are commonplace, and existing laws and
regulations are frequently amended, the Company is unable to predict the future cost or impact of compliance. However, the Company does
not expect that any of these laws and regulations will affect its operations materially differently than they would affect other companies
with similar operations, size and financial strength. 

Title
to Properties 

The
leasehold properties we own are subject to royalty, overriding royalty and other outstanding interests customary in the industry. The
properties may be subject to burdens such as liens incident to operating agreements and current taxes, development obligations under
oil and gas leases and other encumbrances, easements and restrictions. We do not believe any of these burdens will materially interfere
with the use of these properties. 

8 

Prior
to drilling of an oil and natural gas well, it is normal practice in our industry for the person or company acting as the operator of
the well to obtain a preliminary title review to ensure there are no obvious defects in title to the well. Frequently, as a result of
such examinations, certain curative work must be done to correct defects in the marketability of the title, and such curative work entails
expense. Our operators failure to cure any title defects may delay or prevent us from utilizing the associated mineral interest.
We believe the title to our properties is good and defensible in accordance with standards generally acceptable in the oil and gas industry
subject to such exceptions that, in the opinion of counsel employed in the various areas in which we have activities, are not so material
as to detract substantially from the use of such properties. 

Substantially
all of our properties are currently mortgaged under a deed of trust to secure funding through a credit facility. 

Insurance 

Our
operations are subject to all the risks inherent in the exploration for and development and production of oil and gas including blowouts,
fires and other casualties. We maintain insurance coverage customary for operations of a similar nature, but losses could arise from
uninsured risks or in amounts in excess of existing insurance coverage. 

Executive
Officers 

The
following table sets forth certain information concerning the executive officers of the Company as of March 31, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Nicholas
 C. Taylor 
 
 85 
 
 Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Tamala
 L. McComic 
 
 54 
 
 President,
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Assistant Secretary 
 
 Donna
 Gail Yanko 
 
 78 
 
 Vice
 President 
 
 Stacy
 D. Hardin 
 
 58 
 
 Secretary
 and Assistant Treasurer 

Set
forth below is a description of the principal occupations during at least the past five years of each executive officer of the Company. 

Nicholas
C. Taylor was elected Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in September 2011 and continues to serve in such
capacity on a part time basis, as required. He served as Chief Executive Officer, President and Director of the Company from 1983 to
2011. From July 1993 to the present, Mr. Taylor has been involved in the independent practice of law and other business activities. In
November 2005 he was appointed by the Speaker of the House to the Texas Ethics Commission and served until February 2010. 

Tamala
L. McComic, a Certified Public Accountant and Chartered Global Management Accountant, became Controller for the Company in July 2001
and was elected President and Chief Financial Officer in September 2011. She served the Company as Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer from 2009 to 2011 and Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2003 to 2009. Prior thereto, Ms. McComic served
as Treasurer and Assistant Secretary of the Company. 

Donna
Gail Yanko was appointed to the position of Vice President of the Company in 1990. She also served as Corporate Secretary from 1992 to
2021 and from 1986 to 1992 was Assistant Secretary. From 1986 to 2015, on a part-time basis, she assisted the Chairman of the Board of
the Company in his personal business activities. Ms. Yanko also served as a director of the Company from 1990 to 2008. 

Stacy
D. Hardin joined the Company in 2006 and was elected Corporate Secretary of the Company in September 2021. She has also served the Company
as Assistant Treasurer of the Company since 2010 and from 2006 to 2021 was Assistant Secretary. Prior thereto, Ms. Hardin served as Assistant
Controller. 

Employees 

As
of March 31, 2023, we had three full-time and three part-time employees. We believe that relations with these employees are generally
satisfactory. From time to time, we utilize the services of independent geological, land and engineering consultants on a limited basis
and expect to continue to do so in the future. 

9 

Office
Facilities 

Our
principal offices are located at 415 W. Wall, Suite 475, Midland, Texas 79701 and our telephone number is (432) 682-1119. We believe
our facilities are adequate for our current operations and future needs. 

Access
to Company Reports 

Mexco
Energy Corporation files annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains
an internet website (www.sec.gov) that contains annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information that issuers,
including Mexco, file electronically with the SEC. 

We
also maintain an internet website at www.mexcoenergy.com. In the Investor Relations section, our website contains our Annual Reports
on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other reports and amendments to those reports as soon
as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with the SEC. Information on our website is not incorporated by
reference into this Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this report or any other filing that we make with the SEC. Additionally,
our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the charters of our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating Committee are
posted on our website. Any of these corporate documents as well as any of the SEC filed reports are available in print free of charge
to any stockholder who requests them. Requests should be directed to our corporate Secretary by mail to P.O. Box 10502, Midland, Texas
79702 or by email to mexco@sbcglobal.net. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

There
are many factors that affect our business and results of operations, some of which are beyond our control. The following is a description
of some of the important factors that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, liquidity and results
of operations. Some of the following risks relate principally to the industry in which we operate and to our business. Other risks relate
principally to the securities markets and ownership of our common stock. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY 

Volatility
of oil and gas prices significantly affects our results and profitability. 

Prices
for oil and natural gas fluctuate widely. We cannot predict future oil and natural gas prices with any certainty. Historically, the markets
for oil and gas have been volatile, and they are likely to continue to be volatile. Factors that can cause price fluctuations include
the level of global demand for petroleum products; foreign supply and pricing of oil and gas; the actions of OPEC, its members and other state-controlled oil companies relating to
oil price and production controls; nature and extent of governmental regulation and taxation, including environmental regulations; level
of domestic and international exploration, drilling and production activity; the cost of exploring for, producing and delivering oil
and gas; speculative trading in crude oil and natural gas derivative contracts; availability, proximity and capacity of oil and gas pipelines
and other transportation facilities; weather conditions; the price and availability of alternative fuels; technological advances affecting
energy consumption; national and international pandemics; and, overall political and economic conditions in oil producing countries. 

Increases
and decreases in prices also affect the amount of cash flow available for capital expenditures and our ability to borrow money or raise
additional capital. The amount we can borrow from banks may be subject to redetermination based on changes in prices. In addition, we
may have ceiling test writedowns when prices decline. Lower prices may also reduce the amount of crude oil and natural gas that can be
produced economically. Thus, we may experience material increases or decreases in reserve quantities solely as a result of price changes
and not as a result of drilling or well performance. 

Changes
in oil and gas prices impact both estimated future net revenue and the estimated quantity of proved reserves. Any reduction in reserves,
including reductions due to price fluctuations, can reduce the borrowing base under our credit facility and adversely affect the amount
of cash flow available for capital expenditures and our ability to obtain additional capital for our exploration and development activities. 

10 

Oil
and natural gas prices do not necessarily fluctuate in direct relationship to each other. Lower prices or lack of storage may have an
adverse affect on our financial condition due to reduction of our revenues, operating income and cash flows; curtailment or shut-in of
our production due to lack of transportation or storage capacity; cause certain properties in our portfolio to become economically unviable;
and, limit our financial condition, liquidity, and/or ability to finance planned capital expenditures and operations. 

Our
results of operations may be negatively impacted by current global events. 

The
economies in the United States and certain countries in Europe and Asia have been growing, with resulting improvements in industrial
demand and consumer confidence. However, other economies, such as those of certain South American nations, continue to face economic
struggles or slowing economic growth. If these conditions worsen, combined with a decline in economic growth in other parts of the world,
there could be a significant adverse effect on global financial markets and commodity prices. In addition, continued hostilities in the
Middle East and the occurrence or threat of terrorist attacks in the United States or other countries could adversely affect the global
economy. Global or national health concerns may adversely affect the Company by (i) reducing demand for its oil, NGLs and gas because of reduced global or national economic activity,
(ii) impairing its supply chain (for example, by limiting manufacturing of materials used in operations) and (iii) affecting the health
of its workforce, rendering employees unable to work or travel. If the economic climate in the United States or abroad were to deteriorate,
due to inflation, rising interest rates or otherwise, demand for petroleum products could diminish or stagnate, which could depress the
prices at which the Company could sell its oil, NGLs and gas, affect the ability of the Company s vendors, suppliers and customers
to continue operations and ultimately decrease the Company s cash flows and profitability. In addition, reduced worldwide demand
for debt and equity securities issued by oil and gas companies may make it more difficult for the Company to raise capital to fund its
operations or refinance its debt obligations. 

Changes
in environmental laws could increase our operators costs and adversely impact our business, financial condition and cash flows. 

President
Biden has indicated that he is supportive of, and has issued executive orders promoting various programs and initiatives designed to,
among other things, curtail climate change, control the release of methane from new and existing oil and natural gas operations, and
decarbonize electric generation and the transportation sector. In recent years the U.S. Congress has considered legislation to reduce
emissions of GHGs, including methane, a primary component of natural gas, and carbon dioxide, a byproduct of the burning of natural gas.
For example, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA ), which appropriates significant federal funding for renewable
energy initiatives and, for the first time ever, imposes a fee on GHG emissions from certain facilities, was signed into law in August
2022. The emissions fee and funding provisions of the law could increase operating costs within the oil and gas industry and accelerate
the transition away from fossil fuels, which could in turn adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Governmental,
scientific and public concern over the threat of climate change arising from GHG emissions has resulted in increasing political risks
in the United States, including climate change related pledges made by certain candidates elected to public office. President Biden has
issued several executive orders focused on addressing climate change, including items that may impact costs to produce, or demand for,
oil and gas. 

Lower
oil and gas prices and other factors may cause us to record ceiling test writedowns. 

Lower
oil and gas prices increase the risk of ceiling limitation write-downs. We use the full cost method to account for oil and gas operations.
Accordingly, we capitalize the cost to acquire, explore for and develop crude oil and natural gas properties including the cost of abandoned
properties, dry holes, geophysical costs and annual lease rentals. Sales or other dispositions of oil and natural gas properties are
accounted for as adjustments to capitalized costs, with no gain or loss recorded. Depletion of evaluated oil and natural gas properties
is computed in the units of production method, whereby capitalized costs are amortized over total proved reserves. Under the full cost
accounting rules, the net capitalized cost of crude oil and natural gas properties may not exceed a ceiling limit which
is based upon the present value of estimated future net cash flows from proved reserves, discounted at 10 plus the lower of cost or
fair market value of unproved properties. If net capitalized costs of oil and natural gas properties exceed the ceiling limit, we must
charge the amount of the excess against earnings. This is called a ceiling test writedown. We use the unweighted arithmetic
average first day of the month price for oil and natural gas for the 12-month period preceding the calculation date in estimating discounted
future net reserves. Under the accounting rules, we are required to perform a ceiling test each quarter. A ceiling test writedown does
not impact cash flow from operating activities, but does reduce stockholders equity and earnings. The risk that we will be required
to write down the carrying value of oil and natural gas properties increases when oil and natural gas prices are low. We incurred impairment
charges during fiscal 2016 and may incur additional impairment charges in the future, particularly if commodity prices decline, which
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for the periods in which such charges are taken. There were no ceiling
test impairments on our oil and gas properties during fiscal 2023 and 2022. 

11 

We
must replace reserves we produce. 

Our
future success depends upon our ability to find, develop or acquire additional, economically recoverable oil and gas reserves. Our proved
reserves will generally decline as reserves are depleted, except to the extent that we can find, develop or acquire replacement reserves.
One offset to the obvious benefits afforded by higher product prices especially for small to mid-cap companies in this industry, is that
quality domestic oil and gas reserves are hard to find. 

Approximately
26 and 37 of our total estimated net proved reserves at March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, were undeveloped, and those reserves
may not ultimately be developed. 

Recovery
of undeveloped reserves requires significant capital expenditures and successful drilling. Our reserve data assumes that we can and will
make these expenditures and conduct these operations successfully. These assumptions, however, may not prove correct. Delays in the development
of our reserves, increases in costs to develop such reserves, or decreases in commodity prices will reduce the future net revenues or
our estimated proved undeveloped reserves and may result in some projects becoming uneconomical. In addition, if we or the outside operators
of our properties choose not to spend the capital to develop these reserves, or if we are not able to successfully develop these reserves,
we will be required to write-off these reserves. Any such write-offs of our reserves could reduce our ability to borrow money and could
reduce the value of our common stock. 

Information
concerning our reserves and future net revenues estimates is inherently uncertain. 

Estimates
of oil and gas reserves, by necessity, are projections based on engineering data, and there are uncertainties inherent in the interpretation
of such data as well as the projection of future rates of production and the timing of development expenditures. Reserve engineering
is a subjective process of estimating underground accumulations of oil and gas that are difficult to measure. Estimates of economically
recoverable oil and gas reserves and of future net cash flows depend upon a number of variable factors and assumptions, such as future
production, oil and gas prices, operating costs, development costs and remedial costs, all of which may vary considerably from actual
results. As a result, estimates of the economically recoverable quantities of oil and gas and of future net cash flows expected therefrom
may vary substantially. As required by the SEC, the estimated discounted future net cash flows from proved reserves are based on a twelve
month un-weighted first-day-of-the-month average oil and gas prices for the twelve months prior to the date of the report. Actual future
prices and costs may be materially higher or lower. 

An
increase in the differential between NYMEX and the reference or regional index price used to price our oil and gas would reduce our cash
flow from operations. 

Our
oil and gas is priced in the local markets where it is produced based on local or regional supply and demand factors. The prices we receive
for our oil and gas are typically lower than the relevant benchmark prices, such as The New York Mercantile Exchange NYMEX ).
The difference between the benchmark price and the price we receive is called a differential. Numerous factors may influence local pricing,
such as refinery capacity, pipeline capacity and specifications, upsets in the midstream or downstream sectors of the industry, trade
restrictions and governmental regulations. Additionally, insufficient pipeline capacity, lack of demand in any given operating area or
other factors may cause the differential to increase in a particular area compared with other producing areas. During fiscal 2023, differentials
averaged 4.57 per Bbl of oil and 0.28) per Mcf of gas. Increases in the differential between the benchmark prices for oil and gas
and the wellhead price we receive could significantly reduce our revenues and our cash flow from operations. 

12 

Drilling
and operating activities are high risk activities that subject us to a variety of factors that we cannot control. 

These
factors include availability of workover and drilling rigs, well blowouts, cratering, explosions, fires, formations with abnormal pressures,
pollution, releases of toxic gases and other environmental hazards and risks. Any of these operating hazards could result in substantial
losses to us. In addition, we incur the risk that no commercially productive reservoirs will be encountered, and there is no assurance
that we will recover all or any portion of our investment in wells drilled or re-entered. 

We
may not be able to fund the capital expenditures that will be required for us to increase reserves and production. 

We
must make capital expenditures to develop our existing reserves and to acquire new reserves. Historically, we have used our cash flow
from operations and borrowings under our credit facility to fund our capital expenditures, however, lower oil and gas prices may prevent
these options. Volatility in oil and gas prices, the timing of our drilling programs and drilling results will affect our cash flow from
operations. Lower prices and/or lower production will also decrease revenues and cash flow, thus reducing the amount of financial resources
available to meet our capital requirements, including reducing the amount available to pursue our drilling opportunities. 

The
borrowing base under our credit facility will be determined from time to time by the lender. Reductions in estimates of oil and gas
reserves could result in a reduction in the borrowing base, which would reduce the amount of financial resources available under the
credit facility to meet our capital requirements. Such a reduction could be the result of lower commodity prices and/or production,
inability to drill or unfavorable drilling results, changes in oil and gas reserve engineering, the lender s inability to
agree to an adequate borrowing base or adverse changes in the lender s practices regarding estimation of reserves. If
cash flow from operations or our borrowing base decrease for any reason, our ability to undertake exploration and development
activities could be adversely affected. As a result, our ability to replace production may be limited. 

Our
identified drilling locations are scheduled out over several years, making them susceptible to uncertainties that could materially alter
the occurrence or timing of their drilling. 

Our
management and outside operators have specifically identified and scheduled drilling locations as an estimation of our future multi-year
drilling activities on our existing acreage. These drilling locations represent a significant part of our growth strategy. Our ability
to drill and develop these locations depends on a number of uncertainties, including crude oil and natural gas prices, the availability
of capital, costs, drilling results, regulatory approvals and other factors. If future drilling results in these projects do not establish
sufficient reserves to achieve an economic return, we may curtail drilling in these projects. Because of these uncertainties, we do not
know if the numerous potential drilling locations we have identified will ever be drilled or if we will be able to produce crude oil
or natural gas from these or any other potential drilling locations. 

Our
business depends on oil and natural gas transportation facilities which are owned by others. 

The
marketability of our production depends in part on the availability, proximity and capacity of natural gas gathering systems, pipelines
and processing facilities. Federal and state regulation of oil and gas production and transportation, tax and energy policies, changes
in supply and demand and general economic conditions could all affect our ability to produce and market our oil and gas. 

We
have limited control over activities on properties we do not operate, which could reduce our production and revenues. 

All
of our business activities are conducted through joint operating or other agreements under which we own working and royalty interests
in natural gas and oil properties in which we do not operate. As a result, we have a limited ability to exercise influence over normal
operating procedures, expenditures or future development of underlying properties and their associated costs. The failure of an operator
of our wells to adequately perform operations could reduce our revenues and production. 

13 

Acquiring
reserves in the oil and gas industry is highly competitive. 

Competition
for oil and gas reserve acquisitions is significant. We may compete with major oil and gas companies, other independent oil and gas companies
and individual producers and operators, some of which have financial and personnel resources substantially in excess of those available
to us. As a result, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage. Our ability to acquire and develop additional properties in the future
will depend upon our ability to select and acquire suitable producing properties and prospects for future development activities. 

We
may not be insured against all of the operating hazards to which our business is exposed. 

Our
operations are subject to all the risks inherent in the exploration for, and development and production of oil and gas including blowouts,
fires and other casualties. We maintain insurance coverage customary for operations of a similar nature, but losses could arise from
uninsured risks or in amounts in excess of existing insurance coverage. 

Certain
U.S. federal income tax deductions currently available with respect to crude oil and natural gas exploration and development may be eliminated
as a result of proposed legislation. 

Legislation
previously has been proposed that would, if enacted into law, make significant changes to U. S. federal income tax laws, including the
elimination of certain key U.S. federal income tax incentives currently available to crude oil and natural gas exploration and production
companies. These changes include, but are not limited to: (1) the repeal of the percentage depletion allowance for crude oil and natural
gas properties, (2) the elimination of current deductions for intangible drilling and development costs, (3) the elimination of the deduction
for certain U.S. domestic production activities, and (4) an extension of the amortization period for certain geological and geophysical
expenditures. It is unclear whether any such changes will be enacted and, if enacted, how soon any such changes could become effective.
The passage of this type of legislation or any other similar changes in U.S. federal income tax laws could eliminate or postpone certain
tax deductions that are currently available with respect to crude oil and natural gas exploration and development, and any such change
could have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our Common Stock as well as our financial position, results of operations
and cash flows. 

Our
reliance on information technology, including those hosted by third parties, exposes us to cyber security risks that could affect our
business, financial condition or reputation. 

The
oil and natural gas industry has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies to conduct certain exploration, development, production,
and processing activities, including digital technologies to interpret seismic data, manage drilling rigs, production equipment and gathering
systems, conduct reservoir modeling and reserves estimation, and process and record financial and operating data. At the same time, cyber
incidents, including deliberate attacks or unintentional events, have increased. The U.S. government has issued public warnings that
indicate energy assets might be specific targets of cyber security threats. Our and our operators technologies, systems, networks,
and those of vendors, suppliers and other business partners, may become the target of cyberattacks or information security breaches that
could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of proprietary and other information, or
other disruption of business activities. In addition, certain cyber incidents, such as surveillance, may remain undetected for an extended
period. Our systems for protecting against cyber security risks may not be sufficient. As cyber incidents continue to evolve, we may
be required to expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any
vulnerability to cyber incidents. 

The
loss of our chief executive officer or president could adversely impact our ability to execute our business strategy. 

We
depend, and will continue to depend in the foreseeable future, upon the continued services of our Chief Executive Officer, Nicholas C.
Taylor and our President and Chief Financial Officer, Tamala L. McComic, who have extensive experience and expertise in evaluating and
analyzing producing oil and gas properties and drilling prospects, maximizing production from oil and gas properties and developing and
executing acquisitions and financing. As of March 31, 2023, we do not have key-man insurance on the lives of Mr. Taylor and Ms. McComic.
The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of these individuals could, therefore, significantly and adversely affect our operations. 

14 

We
may be affected by one substantial shareholder. 

Nicholas
C. Taylor beneficially owns approximately 44 of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Mr. Taylor is also our Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer. As a result, Mr. Taylor has significant influence in matters voted on by our shareholders, including the
election of our Board members. Mr. Taylor participates in all facets of our business and has a significant impact on both our business
strategy and daily operations. The retirement, incapacity or death of Mr. Taylor, or any change in the power to vote shares beneficially
owned by Mr. Taylor, could result in negative market or industry perception and could have an adverse effect on our business. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK 

We
may issue additional shares of common stock in the future, which could cause dilution to all shareholders. 

We
may seek to raise additional equity capital in the future. Any issuance of additional shares of our common stock will dilute the percentage
ownership interest of all shareholders and may dilute the book value per share of our common stock. 

Control
by our executive officers and directors may limit your ability to influence the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval and
could discourage our potential acquisition by third parties. 

As
of March 31, 2023, our executive officers and directors beneficially owned approximately 47 of our common stock. These stockholders,
if acting together, would be able to influence significantly all matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election
of our board of directors and the approval of mergers or other business combination transactions. 

The
price of our common stock has been volatile and could continue to fluctuate substantially. 

Mexco
common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange s NYSE American. The market price of our common stock has and could continue
to experience volatility due to reasons unrelated to our operating performance. These reasons include: supply and demand for oil and
natural gas; political conditions in oil and natural gas producing regions; demand for our common stock and limited trading volume; investor
perception of our industry; fluctuations in commodity prices; variations in our results of operations; legislative or regulatory changes;
general trends in the oil and natural gas industry; market conditions and analysts estimates; and, other events in the oil and
gas industry. 

Many
of these factors are beyond our control, and we cannot predict their potential effects on the price of our common stock. We cannot assure
you that the market price of our common stock will not fluctuate or decline significantly in the future. In addition, the stock markets
in general can experience considerable price and volume fluctuations. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
properties consist primarily of oil and gas wells and our ownership in leasehold acreage, both developed and undeveloped. As of March
31, 2023, we had interests in approximately 6,400 gross (18.5 net) producing oil and gas wells and owned leasehold mineral, royalty and
other interests in approximately 544,000 gross (2,768 net) acres. 

15 

Oil
and Natural Gas Reserves 

In
accordance with current SEC rules, the average prices used in computing reserves at March 31, 2023 were 92.02 per bbl of oil compared
to 74.52 in 2022, an increase of 23 , and 5.68 per mcf of natural gas compared to 4.60 in 2022, an increase of 23 , such prices are
based on the 12-month unweighted arithmetic average market prices for sales of oil and natural gas on the first calendar day of each
month during fiscal 2023. The benchmark price of 87.45 per bbl of oil at March 31, 2023 versus 71.72 at March 31, 2022, was adjusted
by lease for gravity, transportation fees and market differentials and did not give effect to derivative transactions. The benchmark
price of 5.96 per mcf of natural gas at March 31, 2023 versus 4.09 at March 31, 2022, was adjusted by lease for BTU content, transportation
fees and market differentials. 

For
information concerning our costs incurred for oil and gas operations, net revenues from oil and gas production, estimated future net
revenues attributable to our oil and gas reserves, present value of future net revenues discounted at 10 and changes therein, see Notes
to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Proved
reserves are estimated reserves of crude oil (including condensate and natural gas liquids) and natural gas that geological and engineering
data demonstrate with reasonable certainty to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating
conditions. Proved developed reserves are those expected to be recovered through existing wells, equipment and operating methods. Proved
undeveloped reserves are proved reserves that are expected to be recovered from new wells drilled to known reservoirs on undrilled acreage
for which the existence and recoverability of such reserves can be estimated with reasonable certainty, or from existing wells on which
a relatively major expenditure is required to establish production. 

The
engineering report with respect to Mexco s estimates of proved oil and gas reserves as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 is based on evaluations
prepared by Russell K. Hall and Associates, Inc. Environmental Engineering Consultants, based in Midland, Texas Hall and Associates ),
a summary of which is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this annual report. 

Management
maintains internal controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that the estimates of proved reserves are computed and reported
in accordance with rules and regulations provided by the SEC. As stated above, Mexco retained Hall and Associates to prepare estimates
of our oil and gas reserves. Management works closely with this firm, and is responsible for providing accurate operating and technical
data to it. Our Chief Financial Officer who has over 25 years experience in the oil and gas industry reviews the final reserves estimate
and consults with a degreed geological consultant with extensive geological experience and if necessary, discusses the process used and
findings with Alan Neal, the technical person at Hall and Associates responsible for evaluating the proved reserves covered by this report.
Mr. Neal is a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers and has over 35 years of experience in the oil and gas industry. Our Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer who has over 45 years of experience in the oil and gas industry also reviews the final reserves estimate. 

Numerous
uncertainties exist in estimating quantities of proved reserves. Reserve estimates are imprecise and subjective and may change at any
time as additional information becomes available. Furthermore, estimates of oil and gas reserves are projections based on engineering
data. There are uncertainties inherent in the interpretation of this data as well as the projection of future rates of production. The
accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering and geological interpretation. Actual
future production, oil and gas prices, revenues, taxes, development expenditures, operating expenses and quantities of recoverable oil
and gas reserves will most likely vary from the assumptions and estimates. Any significant variance could materially affect the estimated
quantities and value of our oil and gas reserves, which in turn may adversely affect our cash flow, results of operations and the availability
of capital resources. 

Per
the current SEC rules, the prices used to calculate our proved reserves and the present value of proved reserves set forth herein are
made using the 12-month unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price. All prices are held constant throughout the
life of the properties. Actual future prices and costs may be materially higher or lower than those as of the date of the estimate. The
timing of both the production and the expenses with respect to the development and production of oil and gas properties will affect the
timing of future net cash flows from proved reserves and their present value. Except to the extent that we acquire additional properties
containing proved reserves or conduct successful exploration and development activities, or both, our proved reserves will decline as
reserves are produced. 

Our
estimated proved oil and gas reserves and present value of estimated future net revenues from proved oil and gas reserves in the periods
ended March 31 are summarized below. 

16 

PROVED
RESERVES 

March
 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Oil (Bbls): 

Proved developed Producing 
 451,000 
 391,060 
 
 Proved developed Non-producing 
 35,770 
 37,620 
 
 Proved undeveloped 
 240,060 
 380,550 
 
 Total 
 726,830 
 809,230 

Natural gas (Mcf): 

Proved developed Producing 
 3,826,370 
 3,454,310 
 
 Proved developed Non-producing 
 145,000 
 129,160 
 
 Proved undeveloped 
 978,010 
 1,258,220 
 
 Total 
 4,949,380 
 4,841,690 

Total net proved
 reserves (BOE) (1) 
 1,551,725 
 1,616,180 

PV-10 Value (2) 
 39,473,000 
 30,777,000 
 
 Present value of future
 income tax discounted at 10 
 (6,658,000 
 (4,857,000 
 
 Standardized measure
 of discounted future net cash flows (3) 
 32,815,000 
 25,920,000 

Prices used in Calculating Reserves: (4) 

Natural gas (per Mcf) 
 5.68 
 4.60 
 
 Oil (per Bbl) 
 92.02 
 74.52 

(1) These
 reserve estimates do not include the Company s interest in two LLCs referred to in Item
 1. Business Company Profile on page 4 hereto. The first LLC has returned 226,725 and 76 of the total investment since inception in fiscal 2020. 

(2) The
 PV-10 Value represents the discounted future net cash flows attributable to our proved oil
 and gas reserves before income tax, discounted at 10 per annum, which is the most directly
 comparable GAAP financial measure. PV-10 is relevant and useful to investors because it presents
 the discounted future net cash flows attributable to our estimated net proved reserves prior
 to taking into account future corporate income taxes. Further, investors may utilize the
 measure as a basis for comparison of the relative size and value of our reserves to other
 companies. We use this measure when assessing the potential return on investment related
 to our oil and natural gas properties. Our reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial measure
 is shown in the table as the PV-10, less future income taxes, discounted at 10 per annum,
 resulting in the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows. The standardized
 measure of discounted future net cash flows represents the present value of future cash flows
 attributable to our proved oil and natural gas reserves after income tax, discounted at 10 . 

(3) In
 accordance with SEC requirement, the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows
 was computed by applying 12-month first day of the month average prices for oil and gas during
 the fiscal year to the estimated future production of proved oil and gas reserves, less estimated
 future expenditures (based on year-end costs) to be incurred in developing and producing
 the proved reserves, less estimated future income tax expenses (based on year-end statutory
 tax rates, with consideration of future tax rates already legislated) to be incurred on pretax
 net cash flows less tax basis of the properties and available credits, and assuming continuation
 of existing economic conditions. 

(4) These
 prices reflect adjustment by lease for quality, transportation fees and market differentials. 

During
fiscal 2023, we added proved reserves of 101 thousand BOE MBOE through extensions and discoveries, added 52 MBOE through
acquisitions, subtracted 54 MBOE for downward revisions of previous estimates. Such downward revisions are primarily the result of reserves
written off due to the five-year limitation and the change in the timing of new development. They are primarily royalty interests on
leases in Loving, Pecos and Ward Counties, Texas which are held by production and still in place to be developed in the future. 

During
the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023, we had a working or royalty interest in the development of 59 wells converting reserves of approximately
186,000 BOE from proved undeveloped to proved developed producing with capital cost of approximately 3,612,000. 

17 

Oil
and gas prices significantly impact the calculation of the PV-10 and the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows. The
present value of future net cash flows does not purport to be an estimate of the fair market value of the Company s proved reserves.
An estimate of fair value would also take into account, among other things, anticipated changes in future prices and costs, the expected
recovery of reserves in excess of proved reserves and a discount factor more representative of the time value of money and the risks
inherent in producing oil and gas. Future prices received for production and costs may vary, perhaps significantly, from the prices and
costs assumed for purposes of these estimates. The 10 discount factor used to calculate present value, which is required by Financial
Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standard Codification ASC 932, Extractive Activities
 Oil and Gas , may not necessarily be the most appropriate discount rate. The present value, no matter what discount rate
is used, is materially affected by assumptions as to timing of future production, which may prove to be inaccurate. 

We
have not filed any other oil or gas reserve estimates or included any such estimates in reports to other federal or foreign governmental
authority or agency during the year ended March 31, 2023, and no major discovery is believed to have caused a significant change in our
estimates of proved reserves since that date. 

Drilling
Activities 

The
following table sets forth our drilling activity in wells in which we own a working interest for the years ended March 31: 

Year
 Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 

Gross 
 Net 
 Gross 
 Net 
 
 Exploratory Wells 

Beginning wells in progress 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Wells spud 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Successful
 wells 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Ending
 wells in progress 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Development Wells 

Beginning wells
 in progress 
 11 
 .04 
 12 
 .06 
 
 Wells spud 
 54 
 .36 
 44 
 .13 
 
 Successful
 wells 
 (44 
 (.35 
 (45 
 (.15 
 
 Ending
 wells in progress 
 21 
 .05 
 11 
 .04 

The
information contained in the foregoing table should not be considered indicative of future drilling performance, nor should it be assumed
that there is any necessary correlation between the number of productive wells drilled and the amount of oil and gas that may ultimately
be recovered by us. 

In
addition to the working interests mentioned above, other operators drilled 85 gross wells (.04 net wells) on company-owned minerals and
royalties at no expense to the Company. We expect the production of our mineral interests will increase as operators continue to drill,
complete and develop our acreage. We expect to capitalize on this development, which requires no capital expenditure funding from us,
and believe the anticipated aggregate royalty receipts will enable us to grow our cash flows. A number of the horizontal wells in which
the Company participates involve longer lateral which are more efficient and have greater estimated ultimate recovery. 

Productive
Wells and Acreage 

Productive
wells consist of producing wells and wells capable of production, including gas wells awaiting pipeline connections. Wells that are completed
in more than one producing zone are counted as one well. As of March 31, 2023, we held an interest in approximately 6,400 gross (18.5
net) productive wells, including approximately 5,200 wells in which we held an overriding or royalty interest and 1,100 wells in which
we held a working interest. 

18 

A
gross acre is an acre in which an interest is owned. A net acre is deemed to exist when the sum of fractional ownership interests in
gross acres equals one. The number of net acres is the sum of the fractional interests owned in gross acres. The following table sets
forth the approximate developed acreage in which we held a leasehold mineral or other interest as of March 31, 2023: 

Acreage 

Gross 
 Net 
 
 Texas 
 348,600 
 1,586 
 
 Oklahoma 
 70,900 
 884 
 
 Louisiana 
 35,300 
 25 
 
 New Mexico 
 30,600 
 185 
 
 North Dakota 
 22,600 
 29 
 
 Ohio 
 14,500 
 1 
 
 Kansas 
 8,500 
 41 
 
 Montana 
 5,000 
 1 
 
 Wyoming 
 3,800 
 5 
 
 Arkansas 
 1,600 
 5 
 
 Colorado 
 1,100 
 1 
 
 Alabama 
 1,000 
 2 
 
 Mississippi 
 700 
 2 
 
 Virginia 
 100 
 1 
 
 Total 
 544,300 
 2,768 

Net
Production, Unit Prices and Costs 

The
following table summarizes our net oil and natural gas production, the average sales price per barrel bbl of oil and
per thousand cubic feet mcf of natural gas produced and the average production (lifting) cost per unit of production
for the years ended March 31: 

Years
 Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Oil (a): 

Production
 (Bbls) 
 73,968 
 61,689 
 
 Revenue 
 6,522,163 
 4,685,094 
 
 Average Bbls per day (d) 
 203 
 169 
 
 Average sales price per Bbl 
 88.18 
 75.95 
 
 Gas (b): 

Production (Mcf) 
 534,363 
 393,841 
 
 Revenue 
 2,858,460 
 1,840,170 
 
 Average Mcf per day (d) 
 1,464 
 1,079 
 
 Average sales price per Mcf 
 5.35 
 4.67 
 
 Total BOE (c) 
 163,029 
 127,329 
 
 Production costs: 

Production expenses: 
 1,039,893 
 778,308 
 
 Production expenses per
 BOE 
 6.38 
 6.11 
 
 Production expenses per
 sales dollar 
 0.11 
 0.12 
 
 Production and ad valorem
 taxes: 
 679,826 
 502,804 
 
 Production and ad valorem
 taxes per BOE 
 4.17 
 3.95 
 
 Production and ad valorem
 taxes per sales dollar 
 0.07 
 0.08 
 
 Total oil and gas revenue 
 9,380,623 
 6,525,264 

(a) 
 Includes condensate. 

(b) 
 Includes natural gas products. 

(c) 
 Natural gas production is
 converted to oil production using a ratio of six Mcf to one Bbl of oil. 

(d) 
 Calculated on a 365 day year. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
may, from time to time, be involved in litigation and claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. We are not
aware of any legal or governmental proceedings against us, or contemplated to be brought against us, under various environmental protection
statutes or other regulations to which we are subject. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

19 

PART
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

In
September 2003, our common stock began trading on the NYSE American, formerly the American Stock Exchange and more recently the NYSE
MKT, under the symbol MXC . Prior to September 2003, the Company s common stock was traded on the over-the-counter
bulletin board market under the symbol MEXC . The registrar and transfer agent is Issuer Direct Corporation, 500 Perimeter
Park Drive, Suite D, Morrisville, North Carolina, 27560 (Tel: 877-481-4014). The following table sets forth certain information as to
the high and low sales price quoted for Mexco s common stock on the NYSE American. 

High 
 Low 
 
 2023: 
 April - June 2022 
 24.18 
 13.79 

July - September 2022 
 20.84 
 14.43 

October - December 2022 
 18.25 
 12.40 

January - March 2023 
 15.39 
 10.50 

2022: 
 April - June 2021 
 10.60 
 6.88 

July - September 2021 
 11.80 
 7.80 

October - December 2021 
 18.00 
 8.35 

January - March 2022 
 43.00 
 9.00 

On
March 31, 2023, the closing sales price of our common stock on the NYSE American was 11.38 per share. 

Stockholders 

As
of March 31, 2023, we had 2,221,416 shares issued and 849 shareholders of record which does not include shareholders for whom shares
are held in a nominee or street name. Of these issued shares, 85,416 are held in the treasury. 

Dividends 

As
of March 31, 2023, the Company had never paid a cash dividend to the Company s shareholders. Payment of dividends are at the discretion
of our Board of Directors after taking into account many factors, including our financial condition, operating results, current and anticipated
cash needs and plans for expansion. In addition, our current bank loan prohibits us from paying cash dividends on our common stock without
written permission. 

Subsequently,
on April 10, 2023, the Company announced that its Board of Directors declared a special dividend of 0.10 per common share to its shareholders
of record at the close of business on May 1, 2023. The special dividend was paid on May 15, 2023. The Company obtained written permission
from WTNB prior to declaring the special dividend. 

The
Company can provide no assurance that dividends will be authorized or declared in the future or as to the amount or type of any future
dividends. Our board of directors determination with respect to any such dividends, including the record date, the payment date
and the actual amount of the dividend, will depend upon our profitability and financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions
imposed by applicable law and other factors that the board deems relevant at the time of such determination. 

20 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Compensation Plans 

The
following table includes certain information about our Employee Incentive Stock Plan as of March 31, 2023, which has been approved by
our stockholders. 

Number
 of Shares Authorized for Issuance under Plan 
 Number
 of Shares to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options 
 Weighted
 Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options 
 Number
 of Shares Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Plan 
 
 2009 Plan 
 200,000 
 45,250 
 5.27 
 - 
 
 2019 Plan 
 200,000 
 94,000 
 9.85 
 98,000 
 
 Total 
 400,000 
 139,250 
 8.36 
 98,000 

Issuer
Repurchases 

In September 2022, the board of directors authorized the use of up to 250,000 to repurchase shares of our common stock for the treasury
account. This program does not have an expiration date and may be modified, suspended or terminated at any time by the board of directors.
Under the repurchase program, shares of common stock may be purchased from time to time through open market purchases or other transactions.
The amount and timing of repurchases will be subject to the availability of stock, prevailing market conditions, the trading price of
the stock, our financial performance and other conditions. Repurchases may also be made from time-to-time in connection with the settlement
of our share-based compensation awards. Repurchases will be funded from cash flow from operations. 

The
following table provides information related to repurchases of our common stock for the treasury account during the year ended March
31, 2023: 

Total
 Number of Shares Purchased 
 Average
 Price Paid per Share 
 Total
 Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program 
 Approximate
 Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Program 
 
 November 1-30, 2022 
 3,716 
 14.51 
 3,716 
 196,072 
 
 December 1-31, 2022 
 8,700 
 13.14 
 8,700 
 81,740 
 
 January 1-31, 2023 
 1,300 
 12.58 
 1,300 
 65,381 
 
 February 1-28, 2023 
 1,727 
 12.75 
 1,727 
 43,359 
 
 March 1-31, 2023 
 2,973 
 12.73 
 2,973 
 5,506 

During
the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company repurchased 18,416 shares for the treasury account at an aggregate cost of 244,494, an average
price of 13.28 per share. There were no shares of our common stock repurchased for the treasury account during the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2022. 

Subsequently,
in April 2023, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the use of up to 1,000,000 to repurchase shares of the Company s
common stock, par value, 0.50, for the treasury account. This authorization replaced the previously authorized 250,000 common stock
repurchase program which had 5,506 remaining at the time it was replaced. 

On
August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA 2022 ). The IRA 2022, among other
tax provisions, establishes a 1 excise tax on stock repurchases made by publicly traded U.S. corporations, effective for stock repurchases
after December 31, 2022. The IRA 2022 does provide for certain exceptions for repurchases of stock including an exception as long as
the aggregate value of the repurchases for the tax year does not exceed 1,000,000. 

ITEM 
 6. RESERVED 

21 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion is intended to provide information relevant to an understanding of our financial condition, changes in our financial
condition and our results of operations and cash flows and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and
notes thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources and Commitments 

Historically,
we have funded our operations, acquisitions, exploration and development expenditures from cash generated by operating activities, bank
borrowings, sales of non-core properties and issuance of common stock. Our primary financial resource is our base of oil and gas reserves.
We have pledged our producing oil and gas properties to secure our credit facility. We do not have any delivery commitments to provide
a fixed and determinable quantity of our oil and gas under any existing contract or agreement. 

Our
long-term strategy is on increasing profit margins while concentrating on obtaining reserves with low-cost operations by acquiring and
developing oil and gas properties with potential for long-lived production. We focus our efforts on the acquisition of royalties and
working interests and non-operated properties in areas with significant development potential. 

Cash
Flows 

Changes
in the net funds provided by or (used in) each of our operating, investing and financing activities are set forth in the table below: 

For
 the Years Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 Change 
 
 Net cash provided by operating
 activities 
 6,515,895 
 3,744,407 
 2,771,488 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (5,441,075 
 (1,710,024 
 3,731,051 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 (209,815 
 (721,430 
 (511,615 

Cash
Flow Provided by Operating Activities. Cash flow from operating activities is primarily derived from the production of our crude
oil and natural gas reserves and changes in the balances of non-cash accounts, receivables, payables or other non-energy property asset
account balances. Cash flow provided by our operating activities for the year ended March 31, 2023 was 6,515,895 in comparison to 3,744,407
for the year ended March 31, 2022. This increase of 2,771,488 in our cash flow operating activities consisted of an increase in our
non-cash expenses of 565,838; a decrease in our accounts receivable of 594,673; a decrease of 128,615 in our accounts payable and
accrued expenses; and, an increase in our net income of 1,807,636. Variations in cash flow from operating activities may impact our
level of exploration and development expenditures. 

Our
expenditures in operating activities consist primarily of production expenses and engineering services. Our expenses
also consist of employee compensation, accounting, insurance and other general and administrative expenses that we have incurred in order
to address normal and necessary business activities of a public company in the crude oil and natural gas production industry. 

Cash
Flow Used in Investing Activities. Cash flow from investing activities is derived from changes in oil and gas property balances.
For the year ended March 31, 2023, we had net cash of 5,014,357 used for additions to oil and gas properties and a 425,000 investment
in two limited liability companies compared to 1,635,024 and 75,000, respectively, for the year ended March 31, 2022. 

Cash
Flow Used in Financing Activities. Cash flow from financing activities is derived from our changes in long-term debt and in equity
account balances. Net cash flow used in our financing activities was 209,815 for the year ended March 31, 2023 compared to net cash
flow used in our financing activities of 721,430 for the year ended March 31, 2022. During the year ended March 31, 2023, we received
advances and made payments of 675,000 on our credit facility, received proceeds of 16,700 from the exercise of director stock options,
received payment of 30,179 form a director for profits on purchase of stock within the six-month window of a previous stock sale, expended
 244,494 for the purchase of 18,416 shares of our stock for the treasury and, expended 12,200 for the renewal of our credit facility.
During the year ended March 31, 2022, we received advances of 275,000 and made payments of 1,455,000 on our credit facility and received
proceeds of 458,570 for the exercise of employee and director stock options. 

22 

Accordingly,
net cash increased 865,005, leaving cash and cash equivalents on hand of 2,235,771 as of March 31, 2023. 

We
had working capital of 3,475,776 as of March 31, 2023 compared to working capital of 2,469,776 as of March 31, 2022, an increase of
 1,006,000 for the reasons set forth below. 

Oil
and Natural Gas Property Development. 

New
Participations in Fiscal 2023. The Company participated in the drilling and completion of 50 horizontal wells at a cost of approximately
 4,200,000, of which 3,750,000 was expended during the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023. Eighteen of these wells have not been completed.
Thirty-nine of these horizontal wells are in the Delaware Basin located in the western portion of the Permian Basin in Lea and Eddy Counties,
New Mexico and twelve are in the Midland Basin located in the eastern portion of the Permian Basin in Reagan County, Texas. 

In
addition to the above working interests, there were 85 gross wells (.04 net wells) drilled by other operators on Mexco s royalty
interests and 50 gross wells (.29 net wells) obtained through acquisitions. 

In
April 2022, Mexco expended approximately 176,000 to participate in the drilling of four horizontal wells in the Wolfcamp Sand formation
of the Delaware Basin in Lea County, New Mexico. Mexco s working interest in these wells is .52 . Subsequently, in May 2023, Mexco
expended approximately 211,000 to complete these wells. 

Mexco
expended approximately 1,196,000 to participate in the drilling and completion of three horizontal wells in the Wolfcamp Sand formation
of the Midland Basin located in the eastern portion of the Permian Basin in Reagan County, Texas. Mexco s working interest in these
wells is 3.2 . These wells were completed in October 2022 with initial average production rates of 507 barrels of oil, 2,147 barrels
of water and 2,147,000 cubic feet of gas per day, or, 560 barrels of oil equivalent per day. 

Mexco
expended approximately 681,000 to participate in the drilling and completion of eight horizontal wells in the Wolfcamp Sand formation
of the Delaware Basin in Lea County, New Mexico. Mexco s working interest in these wells is .52 . These wells were completed in
February and March 2023 with initial average production rates of 1,011 barrels of oil, 4,581 barrels of water and 3,577,000 cubic feet
of gas per day, or 1,607 barrels of oil equivalent per day. 

Mexco
expended approximately 607,000 to participate in the drilling and completion of a horizontal well in the Wolfcamp Sand formation of
the Midland Basin in Reagan County, Texas. Mexco s working interest in this well is 5.1 . This well was completed in October 2022
with initial average production rates of 295 barrels of oil, 1,313 barrels of water and 237,000 cubic feet of gas per day, or, 335 barrels
of oil equivalent per day. 

Mexco
expended approximately 649,000 to participate in the drilling and completion of four horizontal wells in the Bone Spring formation of
the Delaware Basin in Eddy County, New Mexico. Mexco s working interest in these wells is 2.1 . These wells began producing in
October 2022 with initial average production rates of 1,154 barrels of oil, 2,887 barrels of water and 2,966,000 cubic feet of gas per
day, or, 1,648 barrels of oil equivalent per day. 

Mexco
expended approximately 84,000 to participate in the drilling and completion of two horizontal wells in the Penn Shale formation of the
Delaware Basin in Lea County, New Mexico. Mexco s working interest in these wells is .22 . These wells began producing in January
2023 with initial average production rates of 1,367 barrels of oil, 3,900 barrels of water and 1,786,000 cubic feet of gas per day, or,
1,665 barrels of oil equivalent per day. 

Mexco
expended approximately 30,000 to participate in the drilling and completion of two horizontal wells in the Bone Spring formation of
the Delaware Basin in Lea County, New Mexico. Mexco s working interest in these wells is .1 . These wells began producing in February
2023 with initial average production rates of 622 barrels of oil, 1,991 barrels of water and 262,000 cubic feet of gas per day, or, 666
barrels of oil equivalent per day. 

23 

Mexco
expended approximately 93,000 to participate in the drilling and completion of eight horizontal wells in the Spraberry trend of the
Midland Basin in Reagan County, Texas. Mexco s working interest in these wells is approximately .11 . These wells began producing
in December 2022. 

Mexco
expended 16,000 to participate in the drilling and completion of three horizontal wells in the Bone Spring formation of the Delaware
Basin in Eddy County, New Mexico. Mexco s working interest in these wells is .05 . These wells were subsequently completed in May
2023 with initial average production rates of 437 barrels of oil, 983 barrels of water and 603,000 cubic feet of gas per day, or, 538
barrels of oil equivalent per day. 

In
February 2023, Mexco expended approximately 31,000 to participate in the drilling and completion of seven horizontal wells in the Bone
Spring formation of the Delaware Basin in Lea County, New Mexico. Mexco s working interest in these wells is approximately .03 .
These wells are currently being completed. 

In
January 2023, Mexco expended 180,000 to participate in the drilling of four horizontal wells in the Wolfcamp Sand formation of the Delaware
Basin in Lea County, New Mexico. Mexco s working interest in these wells is approximately .52 . These wells are currently awaiting
completion operations. 

In
March 2023, Mexco expended approximately 60,000 to participate in the drilling of two horizontal wells in the Penn Shale formation of
the Delaware Basin in Lea County, New Mexico. Mexco s working interest in these wells is approximately .285 . These wells began
drilling in April 2023. 

In
October 2022, the Company made an approximately 2 equity investment commitment in a limited liability company amounting to 2,000,000
of which 400,000 has been funded to date. The limited liability company is capitalized at approximately 100 million to purchase mineral
interests in the Utica and Marcellus areas in the state of Ohio. 

Completion
of Wells Drilled in Fiscal 2023. The Company expended approximately 329,000 for the completion costs of 8 horizontal wells located
in Lea County, New Mexico that the Company participated in drilling during fiscal 2022. The first 4 of these wells began producing in
May 2022 and the remaining 4 were completed in November 2022 with initial average production rates of 1,168 barrels of oil, 3,797 barrels
of water and 2,621,000 cubic feet of gas per day, or, 1,605 barrels of oil equivalent per day. 

Acquisitions
in Fiscal 2023. The Company acquired various royalty (mineral) interests in 22 wells and several additional potential locations for
development operated by Chesapeake Energy Corporation and located in the Eagleford area of Dimmit County, Texas for a purchase price
of 939,000 which was effective April 1, 2022. 

The Company also
acquired, for a purchase price of 117,200, royalty interests covering 28 producing wells in 6 counties in the Haynesville trend
area of Louisiana and 5 counties in Texas. 

Subsequent
Participations. In May 2023, Mexco expended approximately 133,000 to participate in the drilling of four horizontal wells in the
Wolfcamp Sand formation of the Delaware Basin in Lea County, New Mexico. 

Mexco
expended approximately 68,000 to participate in the drilling of two horizontal wells in the Penn Shale formation of the Delaware Basin
in Lea County, New Mexico. 

We
are participating in other projects and are reviewing projects in which we may participate. The cost of such projects would be funded,
to the extent possible, from existing cash balances and cash flow from operations. The remainder may be funded through borrowings on
the credit facility and, if appropriate, sales of non-core properties. 

Markets.
 Crude oil and natural gas prices generally remained volatile during the last year. The volatility of the energy markets makes it
extremely difficult to predict future oil and natural gas price movements with any certainty. For example, in the last twelve months,
the NYMEX West Texas Intermediate WTI posted price for crude oil has ranged from a low of 62.72 per bbl in March 2023
to a high of 118.09 per bbl in June 2022. The Henry Hub Spot Market Price Henry Hub for natural gas has ranged from
a low of 1.93 per MMBtu in March 2023 to a high of 9.85 per MMBtu in August 2022. 

On
March 31, 2023 the WTI posted price for crude oil was 71.65 per bbl and the Henry Hub spot price for natural gas was 2.10 per MMBtu.
See Results of Operations below for realized prices. 

24 

Results
of Operations 

Fiscal
2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 

We
had net income of 4,662,702 for the year ended March 31, 2023 compared to 2,855,066 for the year ended March 31, 2022, a 63 increase
as a result of an increase in operating revenues due to an increase in oil and natural gas prices and production partially offset by
an increase in operating expenses that is further explained below. 

Oil
and natural gas sales. Revenue from oil and natural gas sales was 9,380,623 for the year ended March 31, 2023, a 44 increase from
 6,525,264 for the year ended March 31, 2022. This resulted from an increase in oil and natural gas production volumes and an increase
in oil and natural gas prices. The following table sets forth our oil and natural gas revenues, production quantities and average prices
received during the fiscal years ended March 31: 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Difference 
 
 Oil: 

Revenue 
 6,522,163 
 4,685,094 
 39.2 
 
 Volume (bbls) 
 73,968 
 61,689 
 19.9 
 
 Average Price (per bbl) 
 88.18 
 75.95 
 16.1 

Gas: 

Revenue 
 2,858,460 
 1,840,170 
 55.3 
 
 Volume (mcf) 
 534,363 
 393,841 
 35.7 
 
 Average Price (per mcf) 
 5.35 
 4.67 
 14.6 

Production
and exploration. Production costs were 1,719,719 in fiscal 2023, a 34 increase from 1,281,112 in fiscal 2022. This was primarily
the result of an increase in production taxes and marketing charges as a result of the increase in oil and gas revenues. 

Depreciation,
depletion and amortization. Depreciation, depletion and amortization DD A expense was 1,854,047 in fiscal 2023,
a 38 increase from 1,345,435 in fiscal 2022. This was primarily due to an increase in oil and gas production and an increase in the
full cost pool amortization and a decrease in the oil and gas reserves. 

General
and administrative expenses. General and administrative expenses were 1,120,691 for the year ended March 31, 2023, an 18 increase
from 949,079 for the year ended March 31, 2022. This was primarily due to an increase in employee stock option compensation, salaries
and contract services, legal and accounting fees. 

Interest
expense. Interest expense was 13,097 in fiscal 2023, a 51 decrease from 26,512 in fiscal 2022, due to a decrease in borrowings. 

Income
taxes. There was no federal income tax for fiscal 2023 or fiscal 2022. We are in a net deferred tax asset position and believe it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will not be realized.
State income tax was 164,510 in fiscal 2023, a 61 increase from 102,356 in fiscal 2022, due to the increase in oil and natural gas
sales. The effective tax rate for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 was 3.4 and 3.5 , respectively. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
have no off-balance sheet debt or unrecorded obligations and have not guaranteed the debt of any other party. The following table summarizes
future payments we are obligated to make based on agreements in place as of March 31, 2023: 

Payments
 due in: 

Total 
 less
 than 1 year 
 1
 - 3 years 
 over
 3 years 
 
 Contractual obligations: 

Leases (1) 
 77,653 
 58,240 
 19,413 
 - 

(1) The
 lease amount represents the monthly rent amount for our principal office space in Midland,
 Texas under a 38-month lease agreement effective May 15, 2018 and extended another 36 months
 to July 31, 2024. Of this total obligation for the remainder of the lease, our majority shareholder
 will pay 15,572 less than 1 year and 5,191 1-3 years for his portion of the shared office
 space. 

25 

Alternative
Capital Resources 

Although
we have primarily used cash from operating activities, the sales of assets and funding from the credit facility as our primary capital
resources, we have in the past, and could in the future, use alternative capital resources. These could include joint ventures, carried
working interests and issuances of our common stock through a private placement or public offering. 

Other
Matters 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

In
preparing financial statements, management makes informed judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and affect the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. On an ongoing basis, management reviews its estimates, including those related to litigation, environmental liabilities, income
taxes, fair value and determination of proved reserves. Changes in facts and circumstances may result in revised estimates and actual
results may differ from these estimates. 

The
following represents those policies that management believes are particularly important to the financial statements and that require
the use of estimates and assumptions to describe matters that are inherently uncertain. 

Full
Cost Method of Accounting for Crude Oil and Natural Gas Activities . SEC Regulation S-X defines the financial accounting and reporting
standards for companies engaged in crude oil and natural gas activities. Two methods are prescribed: the successful efforts method and
the full cost method. We have chosen to follow the full cost method under which all costs associated with property acquisition, exploration
and development are capitalized. We also capitalize internal costs that can be directly identified with acquisition, exploration and
development activities and do not include any costs related to production, general corporate overhead or similar activities. The carrying
amount of oil and gas properties also includes estimated asset retirement costs recorded based on the fair value of the asset retirement
obligation ARO when incurred. 

Gain
or loss on the sale or other disposition of oil and gas properties is not recognized, unless the sale would significantly alter the relationship
between capitalized costs and proved reserves of oil and natural gas attributable to a country. Under the successful efforts method,
geological and geophysical costs and costs of carrying and retaining undeveloped properties are charged to expense as incurred. Costs
of drilling exploratory wells that do not result in proved reserves are charged to expense. Depreciation, depletion, amortization and
impairment of crude oil and natural gas properties are generally calculated on a well by well or lease or field basis versus the full
cost pool basis. Additionally, gain or loss is generally recognized on all sales of crude oil and natural gas properties under
the successful efforts method. As a result our financial statements will differ from companies that apply the successful efforts method
since we will generally reflect a higher level of capitalized costs as well as a higher DD A rate on our crude oil and natural gas
properties. 

At
the time it was adopted, management believed that the full cost method would be preferable, as earnings tend to be less volatile than
under the successful efforts method. However, the full cost method makes us more susceptible to significant non-cash charges during times
of volatile commodity prices because the full cost pool may be impaired when prices are low. These charges are not recoverable when prices
return to higher levels. Our crude oil and natural gas reserves have a relatively long life. However, temporary drops in commodity prices
can have a material impact on our business including impact from the full cost method of accounting. 

26 

Ceiling
Test . Companies that use the full cost method of accounting for oil and gas exploration and development activities are required to
perform a ceiling test each quarter. The full cost ceiling test is an impairment test to determine a limit, or ceiling, on the book value
of oil and gas properties. That limit is basically the after-tax present value of the future net cash flows from proved crude oil and
natural gas reserves plus the lower of cost or fair market value of unproved properties. If net capitalized costs of crude oil and natural
gas properties exceed the ceiling limit, we must charge the amount of the excess to earnings. This is called a ceiling limitation
write-down. This impairment to our oil and gas properties does not impact cash flow from operating activities, but does reduce
our stockholders equity and reported earnings. 

The
risk that we will be required to write down the carrying value of crude oil and natural gas properties increases when crude oil and natural
gas prices are depressed or volatile. In addition, write-downs may occur if we experience substantial downward adjustments to our estimated
proved reserves or if purchasers cancel long-term contracts for natural gas production. An expense recorded in one period may not be
reversed in a subsequent period even though higher crude oil and natural gas prices may have increased the ceiling applicable to the
subsequent period. 

Estimates
of our proved reserves are based on the quantities of oil and gas that engineering and geological analysis demonstrates, with reasonable
certainty, to be recoverable from established reservoirs in the future under current operating and economic parameters. Our reserve estimates
and the projected cash flows are derived from these reserve estimates, in accordance with SEC guidelines by an independent engineering
firm based in part on data provided by us. The accuracy of a reserve estimate is a function of the quality and quantity of available
data, the interpretation of that data, the accuracy of various mandated economic assumptions, and the judgment of the persons preparing
the estimate. Estimates prepared by other third parties may be higher or lower than those included herein. Because these estimates depend
on many assumptions, all of which may substantially differ from future actual results, reserve estimates will be different from the quantities
of oil and gas that are ultimately recovered. In addition, results of drilling, testing and production after the date of an estimate
may justify material revisions to the estimate. 

It
should not be assumed that the present value of future net cash flows is the current market value of our estimated proved reserves. In
accordance with SEC requirements, the cost ceiling represents the present value (discounted at 10 of net cash flows from sales of future
production using the average price over the prior 12-month period. 

The
estimates of proved reserves materially impact DD A expense. If the estimates of proved reserves decline, the rate at which we record
DD A expense will increase, reducing future net income. Such a decline may result from lower market prices, which may make it uneconomic
to drill for and produce higher cost projects. 

Use
of Estimates . In preparing financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America, management is required to make informed judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and affect the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. In addition, significant estimates are used in determining year end proved oil and gas reserves. Although management believes
its estimates and assumptions are reasonable, actual results may differ materially from those estimates. The estimate of our oil and
natural gas reserves, which is used to compute DD A and impairment of oil and gas properties, is the most significant of the estimates
and assumptions that affect these reported results. 

Excluded
Costs . Oil and gas properties include costs that are excluded from capitalized costs being amortized. These amounts represent investments
in unproved properties and major development projects. These costs are excluded until proved reserves are found or until it is determined
that the costs are impaired. All costs excluded are reviewed at least quarterly to determine if impairment has occurred. The amount of
any impairment is transferred to the capitalized costs being amortized (the DD A pool). Impairments transferred to the DD A pool
increase the DD A rate. 

Revenue
Recognition - Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Revenues from our royalty and non-operated working interest properties are recorded
under the cash receipts approach as directly received from the remitters statement accompanying the revenue check. Since the revenue
checks are generally received two to three months after the production month, the Company accrues for revenue earned but not received
by estimating production volumes and product prices. Any identified differences between its revenue estimates and actual revenue received
historically have not been significant. 

27 

Asset
Retirement Obligations . The estimated costs of plugging, restoration and removal of facilities are accrued. The fair value of a liability
for an asset s retirement obligation is recorded in the period in which it is incurred and the corresponding cost capitalized by
increasing the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. The liability is accreted to its then present value each period, and
the capitalized cost is depreciated by the units of production method. If the liability is settled for an amount other than the recorded
amount, a gain or loss is recognized. For all periods presented, we have included estimated future costs of abandonment and dismantlement
in the full cost amortization base and amortize these costs as a component of our depletion expense. 

Gas
Balancing . Gas imbalances are accounted for under the sales method whereby revenues are recognized based on production sold. A liability
is recorded when our excess takes of natural gas volumes exceed our estimated remaining recoverable reserves (over produced). No receivables
are recorded for those wells where Mexco has taken less than its ownership share of gas production (under produced). 

Stock-based
Compensation . We use the Binomial option pricing model to estimate the fair value of stock-based compensation expenses at grant date.
This expense is recognized as compensation expense in our financial statements over the vesting period. We recognize the fair value of
stock-based compensation awards as wages in the Consolidated Statements of Operations based on a graded-vesting schedule over the vesting
period. 

Accounts
Receivable. Our accounts receivable includes trade receivables from joint interest owners and oil and gas purchasers. Credit is extended
based on an evaluation of a customer s financial condition and, generally, is uncollateralized. Accounts receivable under joint
operating agreements have a right of offset against future oil and gas revenues if a producing well is completed. The collectability
of receivables is assessed and an allowance is made for any doubtful accounts. The allowance for doubtful accounts is determined based
on our previous loss history. 

Income
Taxes . The Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for future tax consequences of temporary differences between the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted
tax rates applicable to the years in which those differences are expected to be settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities
of a change in tax rates is recognized in net income in the period that includes the enactment date. Any interest and penalties are recorded
as interest expense and general and administrative expense, respectively. 

Other
Property and Equipment . Provisions for depreciation of office furniture and equipment are computed on the straight-line method based
on estimated useful lives of three to ten years. 

Investments.
 The Company accounts for investments of less than 3 of any limited liability companies at cost. The Company has no control of the
limited liability companies. The cost of the investment is recorded as an asset on the consolidated balance sheets and when income from
the investment is received, it is immediately recognized on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Reclassifications.
 Certain amounts in prior periods consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform with the current period s
presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on previously reported results of operations, retained earnings or net cash flows. 

Leases.
 The Company determines an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are recorded in operating lease right-of-use asset,
operating lease liability, current, and operating lease liability, long-term on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Operating
lease right-of-use assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent
its obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized at the commencement
date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As the Company s lease does not provide an implicit rate,
the Company uses the incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value
of lease payments. The incremental borrowing rate used at adoption was 3.75 . Significant judgement is required when determining the
incremental borrowing rate. Rent expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

28 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

The
primary source of market risk for us includes fluctuations in commodity prices and interest rates. All of our financial instruments are
for purposes other than trading. 

Credit
Risk. Credit risk is the risk of loss as a result of nonperformance by other parties of their contractual obligations. Our primary
credit risk is related to oil and gas production sold to various purchasers and the receivables are generally not collateralized. At
March 31, 2023, our largest credit risk associated with any single purchaser was 634,672 or 46 of our total oil and gas receivables.
We have not experienced any significant credit losses. 

Energy
Price Risk . Our most significant market risk is the pricing applicable to our crude oil and natural gas production. Our financial
condition, results of operations, and capital resources are highly dependent upon the prevailing market prices of, and demand for, oil
and natural gas. Prices for oil and natural gas production has been volatile and unpredictable for several years, and we expect this
volatility to continue in the future. 

Factors
that can cause price fluctuations include the level of global demand for petroleum products, foreign and domestic supply of oil and gas,
the establishment of and compliance with production quotas by oil-exporting countries, weather conditions, the price and availability
of alternative fuels and overall political and economic conditions in oil producing and consuming countries. 

For
example, in the last twelve months, the NYMEX West Texas Intermediate WTI posted price for crude oil has ranged from
a low of 62.72 per bbl in March 2023 to a high of 118.09 per bbl in June 2022. The Henry Hub Spot Market Price Henry Hub for natural gas has ranged from a low of 1.93 per MMBtu in March 2023 to a high of 9.85 per MMBtu in August 2022. On March 31, 2023
the WTI posted price for crude oil was 71.65 per bbl and the Henry Hub spot price for natural gas was 2.10 per MMBtu. See Results of
Operations above for the Company s realized prices during the fiscal year. Subsequently, on June 21, 2023, the WTI posted price
for crude oil was 68.51 and the Henry Hub posted price for natural gas was 2.24. 

Declines
in oil and natural gas prices will materially adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity, ability to obtain financing and operating
results. Changes in oil and gas prices impact both estimated future net revenue and the estimated quantity of proved reserves. Any reduction
in reserves, including reductions due to price fluctuations, can reduce the borrowing base under our credit facility and adversely affect
the amount of cash flow available for capital expenditures and our ability to obtain additional capital for our acquisition, exploration
and development activities. In addition, a noncash write-down of our oil and gas properties could be required under full cost accounting
rules if prices declined significantly, even if it is only for a short period of time. See Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
 Ceiling Test under Item 7 of this report on Form 10-K. Lower prices may also reduce the amount of crude oil and natural gas that
can be produced economically. Thus, we may experience material increases or decreases in reserve quantities solely as a result of price
changes and not as a result of drilling or well performance. 

Similarly,
any improvements in oil and gas prices can have a favorable impact on our financial condition, results of operations and capital resources.
Oil and natural gas prices do not necessarily fluctuate in direct relationship to each other. If the average oil price had increased
or decreased by ten dollars per barrel for fiscal 2023, our pretax income would have changed by 739,680. If the average gas price had
increased or decreased by one dollar per mcf for fiscal 2023, pretax income would have changed by 534,363. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
information required by this item appears on pages F2 through F20 hereof and are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

None. 

29 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). The Company s
internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting is supported by appropriate reviews by management, written policies and guidelines, careful
selection and training of qualified personnel, and a written Code of Conduct adopted by our Board of Directors, applicable to all directors,
officers and employees of Mexco. 

Our
chief executive officer and chief financial officer assessed the effectiveness our internal control over financial reporting using the
criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in the 2013 Internal Control - Integrated
Framework . Based upon that evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our internal control
over financial reporting was effective as of March 31, 2023. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. We maintain disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that the information we must disclose
in our filings with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis. At the end of the period covered by this
report, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e). Based on such evaluation, such officers concluded that, as of March 31, 2023,
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. No changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting occurred
during the year ended March 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION 

Not
applicable 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

See
 Mexco Energy Corporation Board of Directors , Named Executive Officers Who Are Not Directors , Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance , Corporate Governance and Code of Business Conduct and Meetings
and Committees of the Board of Directors in the Proxy Statement of Mexco Energy Corporation for our Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be held September 12, 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year
ended March 31, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

The
information required by this item with respect to executive officers of the Company is also set forth in Part I of this report. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement under the caption Executive Compensation , and
is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 

30 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement under the captions Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Employee Incentive Stock Option Plans , and is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement under the captions Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions and Meetings and Committees of the Board of Directors , and is hereby incorporated by reference herein. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The
information required by this item will be contained in the Proxy Statement under the caption Audit Fees and Services , and
is hereby incorporated by reference herein. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Consolidated
Financial Statements. For a list of the consolidated financial statements filed as part of this Form 10-K, see the Index to
Consolidated Financial Statements set forth on F-1 of this report. 

Financial
Statement Schedules. All schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required under the instructions or the
information requested is set forth in the consolidated financial statements or related notes thereto. 

Exhibits.
 For a list of the exhibits required by this Item and accompanying this Form 10-K see the Index to Exhibits set forth
on page F21 of this report. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None 

31 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MEXCO
ENERGY CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/
 Nicholas C. Taylor 
 
 By: 
 /s/
 Tamala L. McComic 

Chairman
 of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

President
 and Chief Financial Officer 

Dated:
June 26, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below as of June 26, 2023, by the following persons
on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacity indicated. 

/s/
 Nicholas C. Taylor 

Nicholas
 C. Taylor 

Chief
 Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors 

/s/
 Tamala L. McComic 

Tamala
 L. McComic 

Chief
 Financial Officer, President, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary 

/s/
 Michael J. Banschbach 

Michael
 J. Banschbach 

Director 

/s/
 Kenneth L. Clayton 

Kenneth
 L. Clayton 

Director 

/s/
 Thomas R. Craddick 

Thomas
 R. Craddick 

Director 

/s/
 Thomas H. Decker 

Thomas
 H. Decker 

Director 

/s/
 Christopher M. Schroeder 

Christopher
 M. Schroeder 

Director 

32 

Glossary
of Abbreviations and Terms 

The
following are abbreviations and definitions of terms commonly used in the oil and gas industry and this report. 

Basin.
 A large natural depression on the earth s surface in which sediments generally brought by water accumulate. 

Bbl .
One stock tank barrel, or 42 U.S. gallons of liquid volume, used herein in reference to crude oil, condensate or natural gas liquids
hydrocarbons. 

BOE.
 Barrels of oil equivalent, with six thousand cubic feet of natural gas being equivalent to one barrel of oil. 

BTU.
 British thermal unit. 

Completion .
The installation of permanent equipment for the production of oil or natural gas. 

Condensate.
 Liquid hydrocarbons associated with the production of a primarily natural gas reserve. 

Credit
Facility. A line of credit provided by a bank or group of banks, secured by oil and gas properties. 

DD A.
 Refers to depreciation, depletion and amortization of the Company s property and equipment. 

Developed
acreage . The number of acres which are allocated or assignable to producing wells or wells capable of production. 

Development
costs. Capital costs incurred in the acquisition, exploitation and exploration of proved oil and natural gas reserves divided by
proved reserve additions and revisions to proved reserves. 

Development
well . A well drilled into a proved oil or natural gas reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be productive. 

Dry
hole . A well found to be incapable of producing hydrocarbons in sufficient quantities such that proceeds from the sale of such production
exceed production expenses and taxes. 

Exploration.
 The search for natural accumulations of oil and natural gas by any geological, geophysical or other suitable means. 

Exploratory
well . A well drilled to find and produce oil or natural gas reserves not classified as proved, to find a new reservoir in a field
previously found to be productive of oil or natural gas in another reservoir or to extend a known reservoir. 

Extensions
and discoveries . As to any period, the increases to proved reserves from all sources other than the acquisition of proved properties
or revisions of previous estimates. 

Field.
 An area consisting of either a single reservoir or multiple reservoirs, all grouped on or related to the same individual geological
structural feature and/or stratigraphic condition. 

Formation.
 A layer of rock which has distinct characteristics that differs from nearby rock. 

Gross
acres or wells. Refers to the total acres or wells in which the Company owns any amount of working interest. 

Lease.
 An instrument which grants to another (the lessee) the exclusive right to enter and explore for, drill for, produce, store and remove
oil and natural gas from the mineral interest, in consideration for which the lessor is entitled to certain rents and royalties payable
under the terms of the lease. Typically, the duration of the lessee s authorization is for a stated term of years and for
so long thereafter as minerals are producing. 

Mcf .
One thousand cubic feet of natural gas at standard atmospheric conditions. 

33 

MBOE .
One thousand barrels of oil equivalent. 

MMBOE .
One million barrels of oil equivalent. 

MMBtu .
One million British thermal units of energy commonly used to measure heat value or energy content of natural gas. 

Natural
gas liquids NGLs . Liquid hydrocarbons that have been extracted from natural gas, such as ethane, propane, butane
and natural gasoline. 

Net
acres or wells. Refers to gross acres or wells multiplied, in each case, by the percentage interest owned by the Company. 

Net
production . Oil and gas production that is owned by the Company, less royalties and production due others. 

Net
revenue interest. An owner s interest in the revenues of a well after deducting proceeds allocated to royalty and overriding
interests. 

Oil .
Crude oil or condensate. 

Operator .
The individual or company responsible for the exploration, development and production of an oil or natural gas well or lease. 

Overriding
royalty interest ORRI ). A royalty interest that is created out of the operating or working interest. Its term is coextensive
with that of the operating interest from which it was created. 

Plugging
and abandonment. Refers to the sealing off of fluids in the strata penetrated by a well so that the fluids from one stratum will
not escape into another or to the surface. Regulations of all states require plugging of abandoned wells. 

Productive
well. A well that is found to be capable of producing hydrocarbons in sufficient quantities such that proceeds from the sale of the
production exceed operating and production expenses and taxes. 

Prospect.
 A specific geographic area which, based on supporting geological, geophysical or other data and also preliminary economic analysis
using reasonably anticipated prices and costs, is deemed to have potential for the discovery of commercial hydrocarbons. 

Proved
developed nonproducing reserves PDNP . Reserves that consist of (i) proved reserves from wells which have been completed
and tested but are not producing due to lack of market or minor completion problems which are expected to be corrected and (ii) proved
reserves currently behind the pipe in existing wells and which are expected to be productive due to both the well log characteristics
and analogous production in the immediate vicinity of the wells. 

Proved
developed producing reserves PDP ). Proved reserves that can be expected to be recovered from currently producing zones
under the continuation of present operating methods. 

Proved
developed reserves. The combination of proved developed producing and proved developed nonproducing reserves. 

Proved
reserves. The estimated quantities of oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids which geological and engineering data demonstrate
with reasonable certainty to be commercially recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating
conditions. 

Proved
undeveloped reserves PUD . Proved reserves that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage or
from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion. 

34 

PV-10.
 When used with respect to oil and natural gas reserves, PV-10 means the estimated future gross revenue to be generated from the production
of proved reserves, net of estimated production and future development and abandonment costs, using prices and costs in effect at the
determination date, before income taxes, and without giving effect to non-property-related expenses except for specific general and administrative
expenses incurred to operate the properties, discounted to a present value using an annual discount rate of 10 . 

Recompletion.
 A process of re-entering an existing wellbore that is either producing or not producing and completing new reservoirs in an attempt
to establish or increase existing production. 

Reservoir.
 A porous and permeable underground formation containing a natural accumulation of producible natural gas and/or oil that is confined
by impermeable rock or water barriers and is separate from other reservoirs. 

Royalty .
An interest in an oil and natural gas lease that gives the owner of the interest the right to receive a portion of the production from
the leased acreage, or of the proceeds of the sale thereof, but generally does not require the owner to pay any portion of the costs
of drilling or operating the wells on the leased acreage. Royalties may be either landowner s royalties, which are reserved by
the owner of the leased acreage at the time the lease is granted, or overriding royalties, which are usually reserved by an owner of
the leasehold in connection with a transfer to a subsequent owner. 

Shut
in. A well suspended from production or injection but not abandoned. 

Spacing.
 The distance between wells producing from the same reservoir. Spacing is often expressed in terms of acres (e.g., 640-acre spacing)
and is often established by regulatory agencies. 

Standardized
measure of discounted future net cash flows . The discounted future net cash flows relating to proved reserves based on prices used
in estimating the reserves, year-end costs, and statutory tax rates, and a 10 annual discount rate. The information for this calculation
is included in the note regarding disclosures about oil and gas reserve data contained in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in this Form 10-K. 

Undeveloped
acreage . Leased acreage on which wells have not been drilled or completed to a point that would permit the production of commercial
quantities of oil and natural gas regardless of whether such acreage contains proved reserves. 

Unit.
 The joining of all or substantially all interests in a reservoir or field, rather than a single tract, to provide for development
and operation without regard to separate property interests. Also, the area covered by a unitization agreement. 

Wellbore.
 The hole drilled by the bit that is equipped for crude oil or natural gas production on a completed well. Also called well or borehole. 

Working
interest . An interest in an oil and gas lease that gives the owner of the interest the right to drill for and produce oil and natural
gas on the leased acreage and requires the owner to pay a share of the costs of drilling and production operations. The share of production
to which a working interest is entitled will be smaller than the share of costs that the working interest owner is required to bear to
the extent of any royalty burden. 

35 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Board
of Directors and Shareholders 

 Mexco
Energy Corporation 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Mexco Energy Corporation (a Colorado corporation) and Subsidiaries (the
Company) as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity,
and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended
March 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to Mexco Energy Corporation in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matter communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Estimation
of proved reserves impacting the recognition and valuation of depletion expense and impairment of oil and gas properties. 

Critical
Accounting Matter Description 

As
described in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company accounts for its oil and gas properties using the full cost method of accounting
which requires management to make estimates of proved reserve volumes and future revenues and expenses to calculate depletion expense
and measure its oil and gas properties for potential impairment. To estimate the volume of proved reserves and future revenues, management
makes significant estimates and assumptions, including forecasting the production decline rate of producing properties and forecasting
the timing and volume of production associated with the Company s development plan for proved undeveloped properties. In addition,
the estimation of proved reserves is also impacted by management s judgments and estimates regarding the financial performance
of wells associated with proved reserves to determine if wells are expected, with reasonable certainty, to be economical under the appropriate
pricing assumptions required in the estimation of depletion expense and potential impairment measurements. We identified the estimation
of proved reserves of oil and gas properties, due to its impact on depletion expense and impairment evaluation, as a critical audit matter. 

F- 2 

The
principal consideration for our determination that the estimation of proved reserves is a critical audit matter is that changes in certain
inputs and assumptions, which require a high degree of subjectivity necessary to estimate the volume and future revenues of the Company s
proved reserves could have a significant impact on the measurement of depletion expense or the impairment assessment. In turn, auditing
those inputs and assumptions required subjective and complex auditor judgment. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

We
obtained an understanding of the design and implementation of management s controls and our audit procedures related to the estimation
of proved reserves included the following, among others. 

We
 evaluated the level of knowledge, skill, and ability of the Company s reservoir engineering
 specialists and their relationship to the Company, made inquiries of those reservoir engineers
 regarding the process followed and judgments made to estimate the Company s proved
 reserve volumes, and read the reserve report prepared by the Company s specialists. 

To
 the extent key, sensitive inputs and assumptions used to determine proved reserve volumes
 and other cash flow inputs and assumptions are derived from the Company s accounting
 records, such as commodity pricing, historical pricing differentials, operating costs, estimated
 capital costs and working and net revenue interests, we tested management s process
 for determining the assumptions, including examining the underlying support, on a sample
 basis. Specifically, our audit procedures involved testing management s assumptions
 as follows: 

- Compared
 the estimated pricing differentials used in the reserve report to realized prices related
 to revenue transactions recorded in the current year; 

- Evaluated
 the models used to estimate the operating costs at year-end compared to historical operating
 costs; 

- Compared
 the models used to determine the future capital expenditures and compared estimated future
 capital expenditures used in the reserve report to amounts expended for recently drilled
 and completed wells with similar locations; 

- Evaluated
 the working and net revenue interests used in the reserve report by inspecting a sample of
 ownership interests, historical pricing differentials, and operating costs to underlying
 support from the Company s accounting records; 

- Evaluated
 the Company s evidence supporting the amount of proved undeveloped properties reflected
 in the reserve report by examining historical conversion rates and support for the Company s
 or the operator s intent to develop the proved undeveloped properties; 

- Applied
 analytical procedures to the reserve report by comparing to historical actual results and
 to the prior year reserve report. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

PCAOB
ID # 

June
26, 2023 

F- 3 

Mexco
Energy Corporation and Subsidiaries 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

2023 
 2022 

March 31, 
 March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash
 equivalents 

Accounts receivable: 

Oil and natural gas sales 

Trade 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid drilling 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid costs and expenses 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment,
 at cost 

Oil and gas properties,
 using the full cost method 

Other 

Accumulated depreciation,
 depletion and amortization 

Property and equipment,
 net 

Investment cost
 basis 

Operating lease, right-of-use
 asset 

Other noncurrent assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued
 expenses 

Operating lease liability,
 current 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Long-term debt 
 - 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liability,
 long-term 

Asset retirement obligations 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock - 
 par value; shares authorized; outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock - par value; 
 shares authorized; and shares issued; and, and shares outstanding as of March 31, 2023
 and 2022 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Treasury stock, at cost
 and
 shares, respectively) 

Total stockholders 
 equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders 
 equity 

The
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 

F- 4 

Mexco
Energy Corporation and Subsidiaries 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Years
ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Operating revenues: 

Oil sales 

Natural gas sales 

Other 

Total operating revenues 

Operating expenses: 

Production 

Accretion of asset retirement
 obligation 

Depreciation, depletion
 and amortization 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income 

Other income (expenses): 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Net other expense 

Income before provision for income taxes 

State income tax expense 

Net income 

Income per common share: 

Basic: 

Diluted: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic: 

Diluted: 

The
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral
part of these statements. 

F- 5 

Mexco
Energy Corporation and Subsidiaries 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 Years
ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

Common
 Stock Par Value 
 Additional
 Paid-In Capital 
 Retained
 Earnings 
 Treasury
 Stock 
 Total
 Stockholders Equity 
 
 Balance at April 1, 2021 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance
 of stock through options exercised 

- 
 - 

Stock
 based compensation 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Balance at March 31, 2022 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of stock through
 options exercised 

- 
 - 

Profit from purchase of
 stock by insider 

Purchase of stock 

Stock
 based compensation 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Balance at March 31, 2023 

SHARE ACTIVITY 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Common stock shares, issued: 

At beginning
 of year 

Issued 

At end of year 

Common stock shares, held in treasury: 

At beginning of year 

Acquisitions 
 
 - 
 
 At
 end of year 

Common stock shares, outstanding 

At
 end of year 

The
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 

F- 6 

Mexco
Energy Corporation and Subsidiaries 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 Years
ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash flows from operating
 activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Depreciation, depletion
 and amortization 

Accretion of asset retirement
 obligations 

Amortization of debt issuance
 costs 

Changes in operating assets
 and liabilities: 

Increase in accounts receivable 

Decrease (increase) in
 right-of-use asset 

Increase in prepaid expenses 

(Decrease) increase in
 accounts payable and accrued expenses 

(Decrease) increase in
 operating lease liability 

Settlement
 of asset retirement obligations 

Net cash provided by operating
 activities 

Cash flows from investing
 activities: 

Additions to oil and gas
 properties 

Additions to other property
 and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Drilling refund 

Investment in limited liability
 companies at cost 

Proceeds
 from sale of oil and gas properties and equipment 
 - 

Net cash used in investing
 activities 

Cash flows from financing
 activities: 

Proceeds from exercise
 of stock options 

Profits from purchase of
 stock by insider 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from long-term
 debt 

Debt issuance costs 
 
 - 
 
 Acquisition of treasury
 stock 
 
 - 
 
 Reduction
 of long-term debt 

Net
 cash used in financing activities 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents
 at beginning of year 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Accrued capital expenditures
 included in accounts payable 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Asset retirement obligations 

Operating lease 
 right of use asset and associated liabilities 
 - 

The
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements are an integral
part of these statements. 

F- 7 

MEXCO
ENERGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Years
Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

allowance has been made for doubtful accounts. 

costs were excluded for the years ended March 31,
2023 and 2022. 

. 

. The Company has no control of the limited
liability companies. The cost of the investment is recorded as an asset on the consolidated balance sheets and when income from the investment
is received, it is immediately recognized on the consolidated statements of operations. 

with a maturity date of . The Agreement has no monthly
commitment reduction and a borrowing base to be evaluated annually. 

On
February 28, 2020, the Agreement was amended to increase the credit facility to , extend the maturity date to March 28, 2023
and increase the borrowing base to . On March 28, 2023, the Agreement was amended to extend the maturity date to . 

Under
the Agreement, interest on the facility accrues at a rate equal to the prime rate as quoted in the Wall Street Journal plus one-half
of one percent .5 floating daily. Interest on the outstanding amount under the Agreement is payable monthly. In addition, . The unused commitment fee is payable quarterly in arrears on the last day of each calendar quarter. As of March 31,
2023, there was available for borrowing by the Company on the facility. 

No
principal payments are anticipated to be required through the maturity date of the credit facility, . Upon closing the first amendment to
the Agreement, the Company paid a .1 
 loan origination fee of 
 and an extension fee of 
 plus legal and recording expenses totaling ,
which were also deferred over the life of the credit facility. Upon closing the second amendment to the Agreement, the Company paid a
loan origination fee of 
 plus legal and recording expenses totaling ,
which were also deferred over the life of the credit facility. 

Amounts
borrowed under the Agreement are collateralized by the common stock of the Company s wholly owned subsidiaries and substantially
all of the Company s oil and gas properties. 

. 

In
addition, the Agreement prohibits the Company from paying cash dividends on its common stock without prior written permission of WTNB.
The Company obtained written permission from WTNB prior to declaring the special dividend on April 10, 2023 as discussed in Note 14.
The Agreement does not permit the Company to enter into hedge agreements covering crude oil and natural gas prices without prior WTNB
approval. 

Borrowings 

Repayments 

Balance at March 31, 2022: 
 - 
 
 Borrowings 

Repayments 

Balance at March 31, 2023: 
 - 

Liabilities incurred 

Liabilities settled 

Accretion expense 

Revisions 
 - 
 - 
 
 Carrying amount of asset retirement obligations,
 end of year 

Less: Current portion 

Non-Current asset retirement
 obligation 

. The IRA 2022 did not impact the Company s current year tax provision or
the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

The
Company files a consolidated federal income tax return and various state income tax returns. The amount of income taxes the Company records
requires the interpretation of complex rules and regulations of federal and state taxing jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the earliest
year open to examination by U.S. federal and state income tax jurisdictions is 2018. 

Deferred stock-based compensation 

Asset retirement obligation 

Net operating loss 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Excess
 financial accounting bases over tax bases of property and equipment 

Deferred tax asset, net 

Valuation allowance 

Net
 deferred tax 
 - 
 - 

As
of March 31, 2023, the Company has a statutory depletion carryforward of approximately , which does not expire. At March 31,
2023, the Company had a net operating loss carryforward for regular income tax reporting purposes of approximately , which
will begin . The Company s ability to use some of its net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes
to reduce current and future U.S. federal taxable income is subject to limitations under the Internal Revenue Code. 

A
valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, including net operating losses, is recognized when it is more likely than not that some
or all of the benefit from the deferred tax asset will not be realized. To assess that likelihood, we use estimates and judgment regarding
our future taxable income, and we consider the tax consequences in the jurisdiction where such taxable income is generated, to determine
whether a valuation allowance is required. Such evidence can include our current financial position, our results of operations, both
actual and forecasted, the reversal of deferred tax liabilities, and tax planning strategies as well as the current and forecasted business
economics of our industry. 

Statutory depletion carryforward 

Change in valuation allowance 

U. S. tax reform, corporate rate reduction 
 - 
 - 
 
 Permanent differences 

State income expense 

Other 

Total
 income tax 

Effective income tax rate 

(1) for fiscal years ending March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

For
the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company did t have any uncertain tax positions. 

While
the amount of unrecognized tax benefits may change in the next 12 months, the Company does not expect any change to have a significant
impact on its results of operations. The recognition of the total amount of the unrecognized tax benefits would have an impact on the
effective tax rate. If these unrecognized tax benefits are disallowed, the Company will be required to pay additional taxes. 

Based
on the material write-downs of the carrying value of our oil and natural gas properties for the year ending March 31, 2016, we are in
a net deferred tax asset position for years ending March 31, 2023 and 2022. Our deferred tax asset is as of March 31, 2023 with
a valuation amount of . We believe it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will not be realized. Management considers
the likelihood that the Company s net operating losses and other deferred tax attributes will be utilized prior to their expiration,
if applicable. The determination to record a valuation allowance was based on management s assessment of all available evidence,
both positive and negative, supporting realizability of the Company deferred tax asset as required by applicable accounting standards.
In light of those criteria for recognizing the tax benefit of deferred tax assets, the Company s assessment resulted in application
of a valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset as of March 31, 2023. 

of the total operating revenues and of the total oil and natural gas accounts receivable
and another purchaser accounted for of the total operating revenues and of the total oil and natural gas accounts receivable.
In fiscal 2022, one purchaser accounted for of the total operating revenues and of the total oil and natural gas accounts receivable. 

Unproved 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exploration 
 - 
 - 
 
 Development 

Capitalized asset
 retirement obligations 

Total
 costs incurred for oil and gas properties 

Unproved oil and gas properties: 

subject to amortization 
 - 
 - 
 
 not
 subject to amortization 
 - 
 - 
 Oil and gas properties, gross 

Less accumulated
 DD A 

Total oil and gas properties 

DD A
amounted to and per BOE of production for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Shares outstanding: 

Weighted avg. common shares outstanding
 basic 

Effect of the assumed
 exercise of dilutive stock options 

Weighted avg. common
 shares outstanding dilutive 

Income per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

For
the year ended March 31, 2023, shares relating to stock options were excluded from the computation of diluted net income because
their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. Anti-dilutive stock options have a weighted average exercise price of at March 31, 2023.
For the year ended March 31, 2022, shares relating to stock options were excluded from the computation of diluted net income because
their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. Anti-dilutive stock options have a weighted average exercise price of at March 31, 2022. 

to repurchase shares of the Company s common stock
for the treasury account. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company repurchased shares for the treasury account at an
aggregate cost of , an average price of per share per share. There were shares of common stock repurchased for the
treasury account during fiscal 2022. Subsequently, in April 2023, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the use of up to
 to repurchase shares of the Company s common stock, par value, , for the treasury account. This authorization replaced
the previously authorized common stock repurchase program which had remaining at the time it was replaced. 

On
August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA 2022 ). The IRA 2022, among other
tax provisions, establishes a excise tax on stock repurchases made by publicly traded U.S. corporations, effective for stock repurchases
after December 31, 2022. The IRA 2022 does provide for certain exceptions for repurchases of stock including an exception as long as
the aggregate value of the repurchases for the tax year does not exceed . 

On September 6, 2022, one of the Company s directors paid the Company , representing profit on Company
stock purchased within the six-month window of a previous Company stock sale. Such payment was made in accordance with Section 16(b) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

shares and includes option awards as well as stock awards. Option awards are granted with the
restriction of requiring payment for the shares. Stock awards are granted without restrictions and without payment by the recipient.
Neither option awards nor stock awards may exceed shares granted to any one individual in any fiscal year. Stock options may be
an incentive stock option or a nonqualified stock option. Options to purchase common stock under the plan are granted at the fair market
value of the common stock at the date of grant, become exercisable to the extent of of the shares optioned on each of four anniversaries
of the date of grant, expire ten years from the date of grant and are subject to forfeiture if employment terminates. The 2019 Plan expires
 from the date of adoption. According to the Company s employee stock incentive plan, new shares will be issued upon the
exercise of stock options and the Company can repurchase shares exercised under the plan. 

During
the year ended March 31, 2023, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors approved and the Company granted stock options.
During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors approved and the Company granted stock
options. Subsequently, in April 2023, the Compensation Committee approved and the Company granted stock options. 

The
plan also provides for the granting of stock awards. No stock awards were granted during fiscal 2023 and 2022. 

The
Company recognized compensation expense of and related to vesting stock options in general and administrative expense
in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. The total cost related to non-vested awards not
yet recognized at March 31, 2023 totals , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average of years. 

The
fair value of each stock option is estimated on the date of grant using the Binomial valuation model. Expected volatilities are based
on historical volatility of the Company s stock over the contractual term of 120 months and other factors. The Company uses historical
data to estimate option exercise and employee termination within the valuation model. The expected term of options granted is derived
from the output of the option valuation model and represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding.
The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time
of grant. Since the Company has only declared a special one-time dividend, no dividend yield was used in the calculation. Actual value
realized, if any, is dependent on the future performance of the Company s common stock and overall stock market conditions. There
is no assurance the value realized by an optionee will be at or near the value estimated by the Binomial model. 

Volatility factor 

Dividend yield 
 - 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 
 .92 
 
 Expected term (in years) 

No
forfeiture rate is assumed for stock options granted to directors or employees due to the forfeiture rate history for these types of
awards. During the year ended March 31, 2023, unvested stock options were forfeited due to the resignation of an employee. During
the year ended March 31, 2022, there were stock options forfeited or expired. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited
 or Expired 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding at March 31, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited
 or Expired 

Outstanding at March 31, 2023 

Vested at March 31, 2023 

Exercisable at March 31, 2023 

During
the year ended March 31, 2023, stock options covering shares were exercised with a total intrinsic value of . The Company
received proceeds of from these exercises. During the year ended March 31, 2022, stock options covering shares were exercised
with a total intrinsic value of . The Company received proceeds of from these exercises. Subsequently, in May 2023,
stock options covering shares were exercised by a former employee. The Company received proceeds of from these exercises. 

Total fair value of options vested 

Total intrinsic value of options exercised 

Outstanding
options at March 31, 2023 expire between August 1, 2024 and August 2032 and have exercise prices ranging from to . 

and , respectively. The principal stockholder pays for his share of the lease amount for the shared office
space directly to the lessor. Amounts paid by the principal stockholder directly to the lessor for the year ending March 31, 2023 and
2022 were and , respectively. 

rentable square feet of office space from an unaffiliated third party for the corporate office located
in Midland, Texas. This includes square feet of office space shared with and reimbursed by the majority shareholder. The lease
does not include an option to renew and is a -month lease that was to expire in May 2021. . months. The amended lease now expires on . 

The
Company determines an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are recorded in operating lease right-of-use asset, operating
lease liability, current, and operating lease liability, long-term on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Operating
lease right-of-use assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent
its obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized at the commencement
date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As the Company s lease does not provide an implicit rate,
the Company uses the incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value
of lease payments. The incremental borrowing rate used at adoption was . Significant judgement is required when determining the
incremental borrowing rate. Rent expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

Current period amortization 

Lease amendment 
 - 
 
 Total operating lease right-of-use
 asset 

Liabilities 

Operating lease liability,
 current 

Operating lease liability,
 long term 

Total lease liabilities 

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2025 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Operating lease liability 

Less: operating lease
 liability, current 

Operating lease liability,
 long term 

Net
cash paid for our operating lease for the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. Rent expense, less
sublease income of and , respectively, is included in general and administrative expenses. 

Natural gas per MMBtu 

The
Company s total estimated proved reserves at March 31, 2023 were approximately MBOE of which was oil and natural gas
liquids and was natural gas. 

Revision of previous
 estimates 

Purchase of minerals
 in place 

Extensions and discoveries 

Sales of minerals in
 place 
 - 

Production 

As of March 31, 2022 

Revision of previous
 estimates 

Purchase of minerals
 in place 

Extensions and discoveries 

Sales of minerals in
 place 
 - 
 - 
 
 Production 

As of March 31, 2023 

Proved
developed reserves are those expected to be recovered through existing wells, equipment and operating methods. Proved undeveloped reserves PUD are proved reserves that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage or from existing wells
where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion within five years of the date of their initial recognition. Moreover,
the Company may be required to write down its proved undeveloped reserves if the operators do not drill on the reserves within the required
five-year timeframe. Such downward revisions are primarily the result of reserves written off due to the five-year limitation and the
change in the timing of new development. They are primarily royalty interests on leases in Loving, Pecos and Ward Counties, Texas which
are held by production and still in place to be developed in the future. 

As of March 31, 2022 

As of March 31, 2023 

Proved Undeveloped Reserves: 

As of April 1, 2021 

As of March 31, 2022 

As of March 31, 2023 

At
March 31, 2023, of its total estimated proved oil and gas reserves .
This figure primarily consists of a projected new wells (234 MBOE) operated by others, wells are currently being drilled with plans
for wells to follow in fiscal 2024, wells in fiscal 2025, wells in fiscal 2026 and wells fiscal 2027. The cost of these projects
would be funded, to the extent possible, from existing cash balances, cash flow from operations and bank borrowings. The remainder may
be funded through non-core asset sales and/or sales of our common stock. 

The
following table discloses the Company s progress toward the conversion of PUDs during fiscal 2023. 

Revision of previous estimates 

Sales of reserves 
 - 
 - 
 
 Conversions to PD reserves 

Additional PUDs added 

PUDs, end of year 

Estimated
future net cash flows represent an estimate of future net revenues from the production of proved reserves using average prices for 2023
and 2022 along with estimates of the operating costs, production taxes and future development costs necessary to produce such reserves.
No deduction has been made for depreciation, depletion or any indirect costs such as general corporate overhead or interest expense. 

Operating
costs and production taxes are estimated based on current costs with respect to producing oil and natural gas properties. Future development
costs including abandonment costs are based on the best estimate of such costs assuming current economic and operating conditions. The
future cash flows estimated to be spent to develop the Company s share of proved undeveloped properties through March 31, 2027
are . 

Income
tax expense is computed based on applying the appropriate statutory tax rate to the excess of future cash inflows less future production
and development costs over the current tax basis of the properties involved, less applicable carryforwards. 

The
future net revenue information assumes no escalation of costs or prices, except for oil and natural gas sales made under terms of contracts
which include fixed and determinable escalation. Future costs and prices could significantly vary from current amounts and, accordingly,
revisions in the future could be significant. 

The
current reporting rules require that year end reserve calculations and future cash inflows be based on the 12-month average market prices
for sales of oil and gas on the first calendar day of each month during the fiscal year discounted at per year and assuming continuation
of existing economic conditions. The average prices used for fiscal 2023 were per bbl of oil and per mcf of natural gas.
The average prices used for fiscal 2022 were per bbl of oil and per mcf of natural gas. 

The
standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows is computed by applying the 12-month unweighted average of the first day of
the month pricing for oil and natural gas (with consideration of price changes only to the extent provided by contractual arrangements)
to the estimated future production of proved oil and natural gas reserves, less estimated future expenditures (based on year end costs)
to be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves, discounted using a rate of per year to reflect the estimated timing
of the future cash flows. Future income taxes are calculated by comparing undiscounted future cash flows to the tax basis of oil and
natural gas properties plus available carryforwards and credits and applying the current tax rate to the difference. 

The
basis for this table is the reserve studies prepared by an independent petroleum engineering consultant, which contain imprecise estimates
of quantities and rates of production of reserves. Revisions of previous year estimates can have a significant impact on these results.
Also, exploration costs in one year may lead to significant discoveries in later years and may significantly change previous estimates
of proved reserves and their valuation. Therefore, the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flow is not necessarily indicative
of the fair value of proved oil and gas properties. 

The
following information is based on the Company s best estimate of the required data for the Standardized Measure of Discounted Future
Net Cash Flows as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 in accordance with ASC 932, Extractive Activities Oil and Gas which
requires the use of a discount rate. This information is not the fair market value, nor does it represent the expected present value
of future cash flows of the Company s proved oil and gas reserves. 

Future production costs and taxes 

Future development costs 

Future income taxes 

Future net cash flows 

Annual 10 discount
 for estimated timing of cash flows 

Standardized measure
 of discounted future net cash flows 

Net changes in price and production costs 

Changes in previously estimated development
 costs 

Revisions of quantity estimates 

Net change due to purchases and sales of
 minerals in place 

Extensions and discoveries, less related
 costs 

Net change in income taxes 

Accretion of discount 

Changes in timing
 of estimated cash flows and other 

Changes in standardized measure 

Standardized measure,
 beginning of year 

Standardized measure,
 end of year 

per common share to its shareholders
of record at the close of business on May 1, 2023. The special dividend was paid on May 15, 2023. 

In
April 2023, the Company expended approximately to participate in the drilling of 4 horizontal wells in the Wolfcamp Sand formation
of the Delaware Basin in Lea County, New Mexico. 

In
May 2023, the Company expended approximately to complete 4 horizontal wells in the Wolfcamp Sand formation of the Delaware Basin
in Lea County, New Mexico that were drilled during fiscal 2023. 

In
June 2023, the Company received approximately in cash from a sale of joint venture leasehold acreage and marginal producing
working interest wells in Reagan County, Texas. 

The
Company completed a review and analysis of all events that occurred after the consolidated balance sheet date to determine if any such
events must be reported and has determined that there are no other subsequent events to be disclosed. 

F- 20 

INDEX
TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 

Number 

3.1 
 Restated
 Articles of Incorporation of Mexco Energy Corporation filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s
 Annual Report on Form 10-K dated June 24, 1998, and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.2 
 Amended Bylaws of Mexco Energy Corporation as amended on September 13, 2011 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 14, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.1 
 2009 Employee Incentive Stock Plan of Mexco Energy Corporation filed as Exhibit A to the Company s Proxy Statement on Form 14C dated July 15, 2009, and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.2 
 2019 Employee Incentive Stock Plan of Mexco Energy Corporation filed as Exhibit A to the Company s Proxy Statement on Form 14C dated July 16, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.3 
 Loan Agreement dated December 28, 2018 between West Texas National Bank and Mexco Energy Corporation filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 31, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.4 
 First Amendment to Loan Agreement dated February 28, 2020 to the Loan Agreement between West Texas National Bank and Mexco Energy Corporation dated December 31, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.5 
 Second Amendment to Loan Agreement dated March 28, 2023 to the Loan Agreement between West Texas National Bank and Mexco Energy Corporation dated December 31, 2018. 

14.1 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics of Mexco Energy Corporation filed with the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 15, 2004, and incorporated herein by reference. 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Mexco Energy Corporation 

23.1 
 Consent of Weaver and Tidwell, L.L.P., Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

23.2 
 Consent of Russell K. Hall Associates, Inc., Independent Petroleum Engineers 

31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

99.1 
 Report of Russell K. Hall Associates, Inc., Independent Petroleum Engineering Firm 

101.INS 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover
 Page Innteractive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

36 

<EX-10.5>
 2
 ex10-5.htm

EXHIBIT
10.5 

EXECUTION
VERSION 

SECOND
AMENDMENT TO LOAN AGREEMENT 

This
Second Amendment to Loan Agreement (this Second Amendment is entered into as of the 28 th day of March,
2023, by and among MEXCO ENERGY CORPORATION , a Colorado corporation Mexco ), FORMAN ENERGY CORPORATION ,
a New York corporation Forman ), SOUTHWEST TEXAS DISPOSAL CORPORATION , a Texas corporation Southwest ),
and TBO OIL GAS, LLC , a Texas limited liability company TBO , and together with Mexco, Forman and Southwest,
collectively, the Borrowers or individually a Borrower ), and WEST TEXAS NATIONAL BANK ,
a national bank, as lender (the Lender ). 

Recitals : 

A.
The Borrowers and the Lender entered into that certain Loan Agreement dated as of December 28, 2018 (the Original Loan Agreement ),
as amended by that certain First Amendment to Loan Agreement dated as of February 28, 2020 by and among the Borrowers and the Lender
(the First Amendment and the Original Loan Agreement, as amended by the First Amendment, the Loan Agreement ). 

B.
Pursuant to the terms of the Original Loan Agreement, (i) the Lender provided the Borrowers a revolving line of credit loan with a Commitment
(as defined in the Original Loan Agreement) in the initial amount of 1,000,000.00 (the Original RLOC Loan ), and
(ii) the Borrowers executed that certain Revolving Line of Credit Promissory Note dated as of December 28, 2018 in the face amount of
 1,000,000.00, payable to the order of the Lender (the Original Note ). 

C.
Pursuant to the terms of the First Amendment, among other matters set forth therein, (i) the Lender increased the Commitment (as defined
in the Original Loan Agreement) for the revolving line of credit loan to the Borrowers to 2,500,000.00 (the RLOC Loan ),
and (ii) the Borrowers executed that certain Revolving Line of Credit Promissory Note dated as of February 28, 2020 in the face amount
of 2,500,000.00, payable to the order of the Lender (the Prior Note ), which was given in amendment, restatement,
renewal, extension and modification, but not extinguishment or novation, of the Original Note. 

D.
The Borrowers and the Lender desire to amend the Loan Agreement to, among other matters, extend the maturity date of the RLOC Loan. 

E.
Contemporaneously with the execution of this Second Amendment, the Borrowers have executed and delivered to the Lender that certain Revolving
Line of Credit Promissory Note dated of even date herewith in the face amount of 2,500,000.00, payable to the order of the Lender (the
 Note ), which Note is given in amendment, restatement, renewal, extension and modification, but not extinguishment
or novation, of the Original Note and the Prior Note. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, it is
hereby agreed among the Lender and the Borrowers as follows: 

Agreement : 

1.
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Loan Agreement. 

2.
The definition of the defined term Note set forth in Section 1.1 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended in its entirety
to read as follows: 

Note means that certain revolving line of credit promissory note in the face amount of 2,500,000.00, dated as of
March 28, 2023, made by the Borrowers payable to the order of the Lender, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit I ,
together with all deferrals, renewals or extensions thereof, which promissory note shall evidence the Advances made to the Borrowers
by the Lender pursuant to Section 2.1 . 

3.
Section 2.3 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows: 

2.3
 Repayment Provisions . Interest, computed on the unpaid principal balance of the Note, shall be due and payable in monthly
installments, with the first of such installments to be paid on April 28, 2023, and subsequent installments to be paid on the twenty-eighth
day of each month thereafter. All of the outstanding principal and accrued, unpaid interest hereunder shall be due and payable in full
on March 28, 2026 , being the date of final maturity hereunder. All payments of principal and interest required under the Note
shall be made in immediately available funds, and shall be made at Lender s principal banking offices in Midland, Texas, provided,
however, the Lender may, upon thirty (30) day s written notice to the Borrowers, designate a different place of payment. If a payment
under the Note is received by the Lender more than ten (10) days after it is due, the Borrowers agree to pay a late charge to the Lender
equal to five percent (5 of the delinquent amount. 

4.
Pursuant to Section 2.7 of the Loan Agreement, the amount of the Borrowing Base under the Loan Agreement shall remain at 1,500,000.00
until redetermined by the Lender in accordance with Section 2.7 of the Loan Agreement. 

5.
 Exhibit I to the Loan Agreement is hereby replaced with Exhibit I attached hereto. 

6.
The effectiveness of this Second Amendment shall be subject to the following conditions precedent: (a) the Borrowers shall have executed
and delivered to the Lender this Second Amendment, the Note, amendments to the Deed of Trust, and all other required documents, all in
form and substance satisfactory to the Lender, and (b) the Borrowers shall have paid to the Lender a renewal fee in the amount of 9,000.00. 

7.
As an inducement to the Lender to enter into this Second Amendment, the Borrowers represent and warrant to the Lender that (a) the representations
and warranties contained in the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true and correct as of the date hereof, (b) none of the
Borrowers has breached any of the covenants contained in the Loan Agreement or the other Loan Documents (except as may have been waived
in writing by the Lender), and (c) no default or Event of Default now exists, nor does there exist any condition or event which, with
notice and/or lapse of time, would constitute a default or Event of Default under the Loan Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. 

8.
Neither the execution by the Lender of this Second Amendment nor anything contained herein shall in any way be construed or operate as
a waiver by the Lender of any default or Event of Default (whether now existing or that may occur hereafter) or of any of the Lender s
rights under the Loan Agreement as hereby amended or under any of the other Loan Documents. 

9.
Except as provided herein, all terms and provisions of the Loan Agreement shall remain unchanged. The Borrowers hereby ratify, affirm
and reaffirm all of the terms and provisions of the Loan Agreement, as amended hereby, of the Note and of the other Loan Documents to
the extent each is a party thereto. 

10.
This Second Amendment may be executed in any number of identical separate counterparts (including by electronic or facsimile transmission),
each of which for all purposes is to be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute, collectively, one agreement. 

11.
Each of the Loan Documents is hereby amended so that any reference in the Loan Documents to the Loan Agreement shall mean a reference
to the Loan Agreement as amended hereby and any reference in the Loan Documents to the Prior Note shall mean a reference to the Note
(as defined herein). This Second Amendment, the Note, the amendments to the Deed of Trust, and all other documents executed in connection
with this Second Amendment constitute Loan Documents under the Loan Agreement. 

12.
 THIS SECOND AMENDMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY
EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE
PARTIES. 

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK. SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW.] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this instrument to be duly executed effective as of the date first above written. 

BORROWERS: 

MEXCO
 ENERGY CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/
 Nicholas C. Taylor 

Nicholas
 C. Taylor 

Chairman
 of the Board and 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

FORMAN
 ENERGY CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/
 Nicholas C. Taylor 

Nicholas
 C. Taylor 

Chairman
 of the Board and 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

SOUTHWEST
 TEXAS DISPOSAL CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/
 Nicholas C. Taylor 

Nicholas
 C. Taylor 

Chairman
 of the Board and 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

TBO
 OIL GAS, LLC 

By: 
 /s/
 Nicholas C. Taylor 

Nicholas
 C. Taylor 

Chairman
 of the Board and 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

LENDER: 

WEST
 TEXAS NATIONAL BANK 

By: 
 /s/
 Frank K. Stowers Frank K. Stowers 

Executive
 Vice President 

WEST
 TEXAS NATIONAL BANK 

By: 
 /s/
 Garrett Robinson Garrett Robinson 

Portfolio
 Manager 

Exhibit
I 

Form
of Note 

REVOLVING
LINE OF CREDIT PROMISSORY NOTE 

2,500,000.00 
 ______________,
 2023 

1.
 For value received, MEXCO ENERGY CORPORATION , a Colorado corporation Mexco ), FORMAN ENERGY CORPORATION ,
a New York corporation Forman ), SOUTHWEST TEXAS DISPOSAL CORPORATION , a Texas corporation Southwest ),
and TBO OIL GAS, LLC , a Texas limited liability company TBO , and together with Mexco, Forman and Southwest,
collectively, the Makers or individually a Maker ), jointly and severally, promise to pay to
the order of WEST TEXAS NATIONAL BANK , a national bank (the Lender ), at its offices at 6 Desta Dr., Suite
2400, Midland, Texas 79705, in lawful money of the United States of America, the principal sum of TWO MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND
AND NO/100 DOLLARS 2,500,000.00) , or so much thereof as may be advanced and outstanding at any time or from time to time pursuant
to the Loan Agreement (as hereinafter defined), together with interest on the principal amount from time to time outstanding hereunder,
from the date of the disbursement of such principal until maturity, at an annual rate of interest which shall from day to day be equal
to the lesser of (a) the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate in effect on such date (calculated on the basis of actual days elapsed, but computed
as if each calendar year consisted of 360 days), plus one half of one percent (0.50 ), or (b) the Highest Lawful Rate; provided, however,
all past due principal and interest on this Note will bear interest from the maturity thereof until paid, at the Default Rate, as defined
in the Loan Agreement. 

2.
 This Note is executed pursuant to the terms of that certain Loan Agreement, dated as of December 28, 2018, by and among the Makers,
as borrowers, and the Lender, as lender, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2020,
by and among the Makers, as borrowers, and the Lender, as lender, as further amended by that certain Second Amendment to Loan Agreement,
dated of even date herewith, by and among the Makers, as borrowers, and the Lender, as lender, as the same may be further amended, restated,
extended or otherwise modified from time to time (the Loan Agreement ). This Note incorporates by reference the terms
of the Loan Agreement. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Note and the terms of the Loan Agreement, the terms of the
Loan Agreement will be deemed to be controlling. Capitalized terms not defined in this Note shall have the meaning given to such terms
in the Loan Agreement. This is a Revolving Line of Credit Promissory Note. Accordingly, it is contemplated that there will be Advances
and payments on this Note from time to time, but no Advances or payments (including total payment of the unpaid principal balance outstanding
prior to maturity) shall affect or impair the validity or enforceability of this Note as to future Advances hereunder. Notwithstanding
the face amount of this Note, in no event shall the outstanding principal amount of all Advances made hereunder at any time exceed the
lesser of (i) the Commitment or (ii) the Borrowing Base then in effect. Reference is made to the Loan Agreement for further statements
regarding the obligation of Lender to make Advances hereunder. 

3.
 Interest, computed on the unpaid principal balance of this Note, shall be due and payable in monthly installments, with the first
of such installments to be paid on April 28, 2023, and subsequent installments to be paid on the twenty-eighth day of each month thereafter.
All of the outstanding principal and accrued, unpaid interest hereunder shall be due and payable in full on March 28, 2026, being the
date of final maturity hereunder. All payments of principal and interest required under this Note shall be made in immediately available
funds, and shall be made at Lender s principal banking offices in Midland, Texas, provided, however, the Lender may, upon thirty
(30) day s written notice to the Makers, designate a different place of payment. If a payment under this Note is received by the
Lender more than ten (10) days after it is due, the Makers agree to pay a late charge to the Lender equal to five percent (5 of the
delinquent amount. 

4.
 If an Event of Default should occur under the terms of the Loan Agreement, thereupon at the option of Lender, the principal balance
and accrued interest of this Note will become and be due and payable forthwith without presentment, demand, notice of default, protest,
notice of protest or dishonor, notice of nonpayment, notice of acceleration or the intent to accelerate, or other notice of any kind,
all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Maker and each other liable party. Lender may waive any default without waiving any
prior or subsequent default. 

5.
 To the extent not prohibited by applicable Law, Makers will pay all costs and expenses and reimburse Lender for any and all expenditures
of every character incurred or expended from time to time, regardless of whether a default or Event of Default will have occurred, in
connection with Lender exercising any of its rights and remedies under this or any other instrument now or hereafter securing the indebtedness
evidenced hereby or at Law, including, without limitation, all filing fees, taxes, brokerage fees and commissions, title review and abstract
fees, Uniform Commercial Code search fees, other fees and expenses incident to title searches, reports and security interests, escrow
fees, attorneys fees, legal expenses, and court costs, provided, however, that no right or option granted by Makers or Lender
or otherwise arising pursuant to any provision of this or any other instrument will be deemed to impose or admit a duty on Lender to
supervise, monitor or control any aspect of the character or condition of the assets of Makers or any operations conducted in connection
with it for the benefit of any Maker or any other person or entity other than Lender. 

6.
 If this Note is not paid at maturity whether by acceleration or otherwise and is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection,
or suit is filed hereon, or proceedings are had in probate, bankruptcy, receivership, reorganization, arrangement or other legal proceedings
for collection hereof, Makers and each other liable party agree to pay Lender its collection costs, including a reasonable amount for
attorneys fees, but in no event to exceed the maximum amount permitted by Law. Each Maker and each other liable party are and
will be directly and primarily, jointly and severally, liable for the payment of all sums called for hereunder, and each Maker and each
other liable party hereby expressly waive bringing of suit and diligence in taking any action to collect any sums owing hereon and in
the handling of any security, and each Maker and each other liable party hereby consent to and agree to remain liable hereon regardless
of any renewals, extensions for any period or rearrangements hereof, or partial prepayments hereon, or any release or substitution of
security hereof, in whole or in part, with or without notice, from time to time, before or after maturity. 

7.
 It is the intention of the parties hereto to comply strictly with the applicable usury Laws as in effect from time to time; and in
this connection, there shall never be taken, reserved, contracted for, collected, charged or received on this Note or any other Obligations
interest in excess of that which would accrue at the Highest Lawful Rate. For purposes of Chapter 303 of the Texas Finance Code, as amended,
the Makers agree that the Highest Lawful Rate shall be the weekly rate ceiling as defined in such chapter, provided that
the Lender may also rely, to the extent permitted by applicable Laws, on alternative maximum rates of interest under such other applicable
Laws, if greater. 

If
under any circumstances the aggregate amount paid on the Obligations includes amounts that are by Law deemed to be interest which exceed
the Highest Lawful Rate (the Excess Interest ), the Makers and the Lender stipulate that such payment and collection
will have been and will be deemed to have been, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws, the result of mathematical error
on the part of the Makers and the Lender, and the Lender shall promptly credit the amount of such Excess Interest on the principal amount
of the outstanding Obligations, or if the principal amount of the Obligations shall have been paid in full, refund the Excess Interest
to the Makers. In the event that the maturity of this Note is accelerated by reason of an election of the Lender resulting from any Event
of Default, or in the event of any prepayment, then such consideration that constitutes interest under Laws applicable to the Lender
may never exceed the Highest Lawful Rate, and Excess Interest, if any, provided for in this Note, the Loan Agreement or otherwise shall
be canceled automatically by the Lender as of the date of such acceleration or prepayment and, if theretofore paid, shall be credited
by the Lender on the principal amount of the Obligations, or if the principal amount of the Obligations shall have been paid in full,
refunded by the Lender to the Makers. 

All
sums paid, or agreed to be paid, to the Lender for the use, forbearance, and detention of the proceeds of the Loan shall, to the extent
permitted by applicable Law, be amortized, prorated, allocated, and spread throughout the full term of the Obligations until paid in
full so that the actual rate of interest is uniform, but does not exceed the Highest Lawful Rate, throughout the full term hereof. 

8.
 Makers reserve the option of prepaying the principal of this Note, in whole or in part, at any time after the date hereof without
penalty. At the option of Lender, it may demand (at any time at or after prepayment) all accrued and unpaid interest with respect to
the principal amount prepaid through the date of prepayment. All amounts of principal so prepaid and received by the owner and holder
of this Note will be applied to the last maturing installments of this Note in their inverse order of maturity. 

9.
 This Note is secured by the Security Documents described in the Loan Agreement. 

10.
 Lender reserves the right, exercisable in Lender s sole discretion and without notice to Makers or any other person, to sell
participations, to assign its interest or both, in all or any part of this Note or the debt evidenced by this Note. 

11.
 This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the United States of America and the State of Texas,
except to the extent the location or nature of the collateral securing this Note requires the application of the Laws of other jurisdictions
to be applied as to matters of creation, perfection and priority of liens and the rights of Lender upon default. 

12.
 This Note is given in amendment, restatement, renewal, extension and modification, but not extinguishment or novation, of (i) that
certain Revolving Line of Credit Promissory Note dated as of December 28, 2018 in the face amount of 1,000,000.00, made by Makers and
payable to the order of Lender, and (ii) that certain Revolving Line of Credit Promissory Note dated as of February 28, 2020 in the face
amount of 2,500,000.00, made by Makers and payable to the order of Lender. 

13.
 By execution of this Note, each Maker acknowledges the receipt of the following notices from Lender: 

THE
LOAN AGREEMENT, THIS NOTE, AND ALL OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS EXECUTED HEREWITH TOGETHER CONSTITUTE A WRITTEN LOAN AGREEMENT WHICH REPRESENTS
THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS
OF THE PARTIES. 

THERE
ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES. 

[ Signature
Page Follows ] 

Effective
as of the date first above written. 

MAKERS: 

MEXCO
 ENERGY CORPORATION 

By: 

Nicholas
 C. Taylor 

Chairman
 of the Board and 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

FORMAN
 ENERGY CORPORATION 

By: 

Nicholas
 C. Taylor 

Chairman
 of the Board and 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

SOUTHWEST
 TEXAS DISPOSAL CORPORATION 

By: 

Nicholas
 C. Taylor 

Chairman
 of the Board and 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

TBO
 OIL GAS, LLC 

By: 

Nicholas
 C. Taylor 

Chairman
 of the Board and 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

By
its signature, Lender acknowledges the truth of the notice hereinabove stated. 

LENDER: 

WEST
 TEXAS NATIONAL BANK 

By: 

Frank
 K. Stowers 

Executive
 Vice President 

WEST
 TEXAS NATIONAL BANK 

By: 

Garrett
 Robinson 

Portfolio
 Manager 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

EXHIBIT 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF MEXCO ENERGY CORPORATION 

1. Forman
 Energy Corporation, a New York corporation 

2. Southwest
 Texas Disposal Corporation, a Texas corporation 

3. TBO
 Oil Gas, LLC, a Texas limited liability company 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

EXHIBIT
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-165296) of Mexco Energy Corporation
of our report dated June 26, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements which appear in this Form 10-K for the year ended
March 31, 2023. 

/s/
WEAVER AND TIDWELL, L.L.P. 

Midland,
Texas 

 June
26, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 ex23-2.htm

EXHIBIT
23.2 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT PETROLEUM ENGINEERS 

As
independent engineering consultants, Russell K. Hall and Associates, Inc. hereby consents to the use of the name Russell K. Hall and
Associates, Inc. and references to Russell K. Hall and Associates, Inc. and to the inclusion of and references to our report, or information
contained therein, entitled Evaluation of Oil and Gas Reserves of Mexco Energy Corporation Effective March 31, 2023 prepared
for Mexco Energy Corporation in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Mexco Energy Corporation for the year ended March 31, 2023. 

/s/
Russell K. Hall and Associates, Inc. 

 PETROLEUM
AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING CONSULTANTS 

Midland,
Texas 

 June
26, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I,
Nicholas C. Taylor, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Mexco Energy Corporation; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

June
 26, 2023 
 /s/
 Nicholas C. Taylor 

Nicholas
 C. Taylor 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Tamala L. McComic, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Mexco Energy Corporation; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

June
 26, 2023 
 /s/
 Tamala L. McComic 

Tamala
 L. McComic 

Chief
 Financial Officer, President, Treasurer, and Assistant Secretary 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CEO AND CFO PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Mexco Energy Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending March 31,
2023, as filed with the SEC on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Nicholas C. Taylor, Chief Executive Officer and Tamala
L. McComic, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to our knowledge: 

(1) The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:
 June 26, 2023 
 /s/
 Nicholas C. Taylor 

Chairman
 of the Board and 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Dated:
 June 26, 2023 
 /s/
 Tamala L. McComic 

Chief
 Financial Officer, President, 

Treasurer
 and Assistant Secretary 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-99.1>
 9
 ex99-1.htm

Exhibit
99.1 

RUSSELL
K. HALL ASSOCIATES, INC. 

 303
West Wall Street, Suite 1102 

 Midland,
Texas 79701 

 (432)
683-6622 

June
16, 2023 

Mexco
Energy Corporation 

 Tammy
McComic, President 

 P.O.
Box 10502 

 Midland,
Texas 79701 

Re: 
 Evaluation of Oil and Gas
 Reserves to the interests of Mexco Energy Corporation Effective March 31, 2023 

Ms.
McComic, 

In
accordance with your request, we have estimated the extent and value of domestic proved crude oil, condensate and gas reserves owned
by Mexco Energy Corporation as of March 31, 2023. The properties to which proved reserves are attributable are located in the states
of Alabama, Arkansas, Colorado, Kansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Montana, New Mexico, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Texas, Virginia and Wyoming
(as shown in Figure 1) with the majority of the value in New Mexico and Texas. The estimated reserves are based on a detailed study of
properties owned by Mexco Energy Corporation. During this study, we consulted freely with the officers and employees of Mexco Energy
Corporation and were given access to such records, geological and engineering reports, and other data as were desired for examination.
In preparation of this report, we have relied, without independent verification, upon information furnished by Mexco Energy Corporation
with respect to property interest owned by it, production from such properties, current costs of operation, current prices for production
agreements relating to current and future operation and various other information and data which were accepted as represented. The results
of our third-party study, completed on June 16, 2023, are presented herein. The properties reviewed by Russell K. Hall Associates
represent 98 of the total net proved reserves of Mexco Energy Corporation. 

The
summary below includes Forman Energy, Southwest Texas Disposal Corporation and TBO Oil Gas, LLC, which are wholly owned
subsidiaries of Mexco Energy Corporation. Thirteen (13) Minor Net Income Streams have been evaluated in this report by projecting an
oil and gas stream and applying an oil and gas price. Twelve (12) joint ventures have been projected as income streams because it was
not economical to project all the properties on an individual basis. There are twenty-six (26) other minor income and unit properties
which have also been projected as income streams. Income streams have been converted to barrels of oil and MCF S of gas based on
their ratio of income. Where multiple gas wells with small interest exist, production has been summarized to reduce the cost of the evaluation.
It was not considered necessary to make a field examination of the physical condition and operation of the properties in which Mexco
Energy Corporation owns an interest. 

We
estimate the Net Proved Reserves, Future Net Revenue, and the Present Value of Future Net Revenue from the properties of Mexco Energy
Corporation as of March 31, 2023 to be as follows: 

Classification of Reserves 
 Oil
 and Condensate (MBBL) 
 Gas
 (MMCF) 
 Future
 Net Revenue (M 
 Present
 Value Discounted at 10 (M 
 
 Proved Developed: 

Producing 
 451 
 3,826 
 45,317 
 26,972 
 
 Non-Producing 
 36 
 145 
 2,529 
 1,532 

487 
 3,971 
 47,846 
 28,504 

Proved Undeveloped 
 240 
 978 
 19,045 
 10,969 

Total Proved 
 727 
 4,949 
 66,891 
 39,473 

The
following table sets forth the changes in total Proved Reserves owned by Mexco Energy Corporation as of March 31, 2023. 

Net
 Liquid (MBBL) 
 Net
 Gas (MMCF) 
 
 Total Proved Reserves Developed and Undeveloped: 

Beginning of Period March 31,
 2022 
 809 
 4,842 
 
 Revisions
 of Previous Estimates 
 (108 
 (328 
 
 Beginning of Period as Revised 
 701 
 5,170 

Additions from Drilling
 and Purchase 
 31 
 125 
 
 Extensions 
 69 
 188 
 
 Sales of Minerals-in-Place 
 0 
 0 
 
 Production 
 (74 
 (534 
 
 End of Period March 31, 2023 
 727 
 4,949 

Proved Developed Reserves: 

Beginning of Period March 31, 2022 
 429 
 3,583 
 
 End of Period March 31, 2023 
 487 
 3,971 

The
proved reserves included herein conform to the definition as set forth in the Securities and Exchange Commission s SEC Regulations Part 210.4-10(a). An abridged version of the SEC reserves definitions from 210.4-10(a) entitled Definitions of Oil
and Gas Reserves is included as an attachment to this report. Reserves for the producing properties were determined by extrapolation
of the production decline trends, where applicable, analogy with similar offset wells, by volumetric calculations using basic reservoir
parameters such as porosity, water saturation, net pay thickness, and estimated areal extent of the reservoir, or by material balance
calculations. Reserves for the Proved Developed Non-Producing and Proved Undeveloped properties were determined by volumetric calculations
and/or by analogy with offset wells. 

Proved
oil and gas reserves are those quantities of oil and gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with
reasonable certainty to be economically producible from a given date forward. Moreover, estimates of reserves may increase or decrease
as a result of future operations, effects of regulation by governmental agencies or geopolitical risks. As a result, the estimates of
oil and gas reserves have an intrinsic uncertainty. The reserves included in this report are therefore estimates only and should not
be construed as being exact quantities. They may or may not be actually recovered, and if recovered, the revenues therefrom and the actual
costs related thereto could be more or less than the estimated amounts. 

The
estimates of reserves presented herein were based upon a detailed study of the properties in which Mexco owns an interest; however, we
have not made any field examination of the properties. No consideration was given in this report to potential environmental liabilities
that may exist nor were any costs included for potential liability to restore and clean up damages, if any, caused by past operating
practices. 

Where
wells did not have significant income to Mexco during 2023, wells have been combined into an income stream in their respective Joint
Venture and evaluated as a single projection. This eliminated a significant amount of paper in the Report without detracting from the
accuracy of the numbers. 

Numerous
Proved Undeveloped locations have been added to Mexco s Drilling Program in the March 31, 2023 SEC Report in which Mexco has an
interest. 

1) Chesapeake
 Energy, ConocoPhillips, BTA Oil Producers, Diamondback Energy, Marathon Oil Corporation,
 and Pioneer Natural Resources all have continual drilling programs. 

2) Several
 other horizontal wells have been scheduled to be drilled in the future by companies where
 Mexco has an interest. 

To
estimate economically recoverable oil and gas reserves and related future net cash flows, we consider many factors and assumptions including,
but not limited to, the use of reservoir parameters derived from geological, geophysical and engineering data which cannot be measured
directly, economic criteria based on current costs and SEC pricing requirements, and forecasts of future production rates. Under the
SEC regulations 210.4-10(a)(22)(v) and (26), proved reserves must be demonstrated to be economically producible based on existing economic
conditions including the prices and costs at which economic producibility from a reservoir is to be determined as of the effective date
of the report. Mexco has informed us that they have furnished us all of the accounts, records, geological and engineering data, reports
and other data required for this investigation. In preparing our forecast of future production and income, we have relied upon data furnished
by Mexco with respect to property interests owned, production and well tests from examined wells, normal direct costs of operating the
wells or leases, other costs such as transportation and/or processing fees, ad valorem and production taxes, recompletion and development
costs, abandonment costs after salvage, product prices based on the SEC regulations, geological structural and isopach maps, well logs,
core analyses, and pressure measurements. Russell K. Hall Associates reviewed such factual data for its reasonableness; however,
we have not conducted an independent verification of the data supplied by Mexco. 

Property
identification, expense and revenue interests, actual product prices, and operating expenses were provided by Mexco Energy Corporation.
This data was not verified by inspection of internal records and files, nor was a physical inspection made of the properties. Information
regarding prices and the particular pricing categories under current governmental regulations was supplied by Mexco Energy Corporation. 

Net
oil and gas reserves are estimated quantities of crude oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids attributed to the revenue interests
of Mexco Energy Corporation. Net income to the interests of Mexco Energy Corporation is the future net revenue after deduction of state
and county taxes, operating expenses, and investments, if applicable. The resulting net income is before federal income tax and does
not consider any encumbrances against the properties, if such exist. Minor variations in composite columns totals result from computer
rounding. Values of the estimated net proved reserves are expressed in terms of future net revenue and present value of future net revenue.
Future net revenues are calculated by deducting estimated operating expenses, capital costs, and severance and ad valorem taxes from
the future gross revenue. 

Present
value of future net revenue is calculated by discounting the future net revenue at the rate of ten percent (10 per annum compounded
monthly over the expected period of realization. The present value set forth in this report does not necessarily represent the fair market
value of the evaluated interests. 

A
summary projection of the estimated future net revenue and present value of future net revenue as of March 31, 2023 is as follows: 

Year 
 Proved
 Developed Future Net Revenue 
 Discounted
 at 10 

2024 
 8,148,870 
 7,788,935 
 
 2025 
 5,782,437 
 5,026,706 
 
 2026 
 4,394,546 
 3,470,561 
 
 Remaining 
 29,520,305 
 12,217,926 

Total 
 47,846,158 
 28,504,128 

The
future net revenue set forth above reflects estimated capital expenditures in the amount of 441,519.00 necessary to develop those reserves
classified as Proved Developed Producing and Proved Developed Non-Producing. Proved Undeveloped net revenue reflects estimated capital
costs of 3,837,540.00 to drill and complete those wells. 

Estimated
reserves and future net income amounts presented in this report, as of March 31, 2023, are related to hydrocarbon prices. The hydrocarbon
prices used in the preparation of this report are based on the average prices during the twelve (12) month period prior to the ending
date of the period covered in this report (determined as unweighted arithmetic averages of the prices in effect on the first-day-of-the-month
for each month within such period, unless prices were defined by contractual arrangements as required by the SEC regulations). The benchmark
price of 87.45 per barrel has been adjusted by lease for gravity, transportation fees and regional price differentials to an average
of 92.02. Gas prices per thousand cubic feet (MCF) are based on a benchmark price of 5.96 per MCF and have been adjusted by lease for
BTU content, transportation fees and regional price differentials to an average of 5.675. The oil and gas prices were held constant
for the economic life of the properties as specified by the SEC. Oil volumes shown herein are expressed in barrels, which are equivalent
to forty-two (42) United States gallons. Gas volumes are expressed at standard conditions of sixty degrees (60 Fahrenheit and at
the standard pressure base of the respective area in which the reserves are located. 

Operating
expenses including direct and indirect overhead expenses were held constant for the life of all properties except new horizontal wells.
Operating expenses for new horizontal wells were held constant for six (6) months then reduced by fifty (50) percent and held constant
for the life of the properties. Severance and ad valorem taxes were deducted in the lease reserves and economics projections at the standard
state rates or rates provided by Mexco Energy Corporation. 

Russell
K. Hall Associates is an Independent Petroleum Engineering Consulting Firm that has been providing Petroleum Consulting Services
throughout the world for forty-eight (48) years. Russell K. Hall Associates does not have any financial interest, including stock
ownership in Mexco. Our fees were not contingent on the results of our evaluation. Russell K. Hall Associates has used all procedures
and methods that it considered necessary to prepare this report. The technical persons responsible for preparing the reserve estimates
presented herein meet the requirements regarding qualification, independence, objectivity, and confidentiality set forth in the Standards
Pertaining to the Estimating and Auditing of Oil and Gas Reserves Information promulgated by the Society of Petroleum Engineers. 

This
report is solely for the information of and assistance to Mexco Energy Corporation for their use in SEC filings. It is not to be used,
circulated, quoted, or otherwise referred to for any purpose without the express written consent of the undersigned except as required
by law. Data utilized in this report will be maintained in our files and is available for your use. 

In
summary, we consider the assumptions, data, methods and analytical procedures used in this report appropriate for the purpose hereof,
and we have used all such methods and procedures that we consider necessary and appropriate to prepare the estimates of reserves herein.
The proved reserves included herein were determined in conformance with the SEC Modernization of Oil and Gas Reporting; Final Rule, including
all references to Regulation S-X and Regulation S-K, referred to herein collectively as the SEC Regulations. In our opinion,
the proved reserves presented in this report comply with the definitions, guidelines and disclosure requirements as required by the SEC
regulations. 

It
has been our privilege to serve you by preparing this evaluation. 

Yours
 very truly, 

Russell
 K. Hall Associates 

Texas
 P. E. no. 69926 

Russell
 K. Hall and Associates, Inc. 

Registration
 No. F-022199 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 mxc-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 mxc-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 mxc-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 mxc-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

