<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230601_10-K_edgar_data_882800_0001493152-23-019832.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7157006</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>208797</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3119796</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1605435</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>973673</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1128392</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-019832.hdr.sgml : 20230602
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230601171253
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-019832
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230601
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230601

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pacific Ventures Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000882800
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				752100622
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54584
		FILM NUMBER:		23985617

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		117 WEST 9TH STREET SUITE 316
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90015
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-392-5606

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		117 WEST 9TH STREET SUITE 316
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90015

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN EAGLE GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940301

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-019832.txt : 20230602

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20429 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

, 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

Yes

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant computed by reference to the
last reported sale price of the common stock quoted on the OTCQB, operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc., as of June 30, 2022, the last
business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was . 

As
of May 25, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding, 0.001 par value. 

Page
 No. 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 6 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 18 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 18 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 19 

Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 19 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 19 

Item
 6. 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 20 

Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 25 

Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 26 

Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 27 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 27 

Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 28 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 28 

Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 32 

Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 33 

Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 35 

Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 36 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 37 

Signatures 
 39 

i 

Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements. The SEC encourages companies to disclose
forward-looking information so that investors can better understand a company s future prospects and make informed investment decisions.
This Annual Report and other written and oral statements that we make from time to time contain such forward-looking statements that
set out anticipated results based on management s plans and assumptions regarding future events or performance. We have tried,
wherever possible, to identify such statements by using words such as anticipate, estimate, expect, 
 project, intend, plan, believe, will and similar expressions in
connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. In particular, these include statements relating to future
actions, future performance or results of current and anticipated sales efforts, expenses, the outcome of contingencies, such as legal
proceedings, and financial results. 

We
caution that the factors described herein, and other factors could cause our actual results of operations and financial condition to
differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements we make and that investors should not place undue reliance on
any such forward-looking statements. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made,
and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such
statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances. New factors emerge from time
to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of such factors. Further, we cannot assess the impact of each such factor on our
results of operations or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from
those contained in any forward-looking statements. 

Use
of Market and Industry Data 

This
Annual Report includes market and industry data that we have obtained from third-party sources, including industry publications, as well
as industry data prepared by our management on the basis of its knowledge of and experience in the industries in which we operate (including
our management s estimates and assumptions relating to such industries based on that knowledge). Management has developed its knowledge
of such industries through its experience and participation in these industries. While our management believes the third-party sources
referred to in this Annual Report are reliable, neither we nor our management have independently verified any of the data from such sources
referred to in this Annual Report or ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon by such sources. Furthermore, references
in this Annual Report to any publications, reports, surveys or articles prepared by third parties should not be construed as depicting
the complete findings of the entire publication, report, survey or article. The information in any such publication, report, survey or
article is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. 

Forecasts
and other forward-looking information obtained from these sources involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on
numerous factors, including those discussed under Risk Factors, Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, 
and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report. 

Trademarks,
Service Marks and Trade Names 

This
Annual Report contains references to our trademarks, service marks and trade names and to trademarks, service marks and trade names belonging
to other entities. Solely for convenience, trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this Annual Report, including logos,
artwork and other visual displays, may appear without the or TM symbols, but such references are not intended
to indicate, in any way, that their respective owners will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights thereto.
We do not intend our use or display of other companies trade names, service marks or trademarks or any artists or other
individuals names to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies or persons. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 

Unless
the context requires otherwise or unless otherwise stated, references to our Company, Pacific Ventures, PACV, 
 we, us, our and similar references refer to Pacific Ventures Group, Inc. and its consolidated
subsidiaries. 

Our
Company 

We
strive to be one of America s great meat processors and a leading foodservice distributor in the Southwest. Built through organic
growth and acquisitions, we trace our roots back over 30 years to a number of heritage companies with long legacies in food innovation
and customer service. 

We
strive to inspire and empower chefs and foodservice operators to bring great food experiences to consumers. This mission is supported
by our strategy of Best Foods at Best Prices which is centered on providing customers with the innovative products business support
they need to operate their businesses profitably. 

We
supply approximately 400 customer locations in the Southwest. These customer locations include independently owned single and multi-unit
restaurants, regional restaurant chains, hospitals, nursing homes, hotels and motels, country clubs, government and military organizations,
colleges and universities, and retail locations. We provide more than 3,000 fresh, frozen, and dry food stock-keeping units, or SKUs,
as well as non-food items, sourced from multiple suppliers. Our sales associates manage customer relationships at local and regional
levels. Our distribution facilities and fleet of approximately 15 trucks allow us to operate efficiently and provide high levels of customer
service. 

Our
Industry 

America s
food distribution industry has a large number of companies competing in the space, including local, regional, and national foodservice
distributors. Foodservice distributors typically fall into three categories, representing differences in customer focus, product offering,
and supply chain: 

Broadline
 distributors which offer a broad line of products and services; 

System
 distributors which carry products specified for large chains; and 

Specialized
 distributors which primarily focus on specific product categories (e.g., meat or produce) or customer types. 

Given
our mix of products and services, we are considered a broadline distributor. A number of adjacent competitors also serve the food distribution
industry, including cash-and-carry retailers, commercial wholesale outlets, commercial website outlets, and grocery stores. Customer
buying decisions are based on the assortment of product offered, quality, price, and service levels. 

There
are several important dynamics affecting the industry, including: 

Evolving
 consumer tastes and preferences. Consumers demand healthy and authentic food choices with fewer artificial ingredients, and
 they value locally-harvested and sustainably-manufactured food and packaging products. In addition, many ethnic food offerings are
 becoming more mainstream as consumers show a greater willingness to try new flavors and cuisines. Changes in consumer preferences
 create opportunities for new and innovative products and for unique food away from home destinations. This, in turn, is expected
 to create growth, expand margins, and produce better customer retention opportunities for those distributors with the flexibility
 to balance national scale and local preferences. 

1 

Generational
 shifts with millennials and baby boomers. Given their purchasing power and diverse taste profiles, millennials, Generation
 Z and baby boomers will continue to significantly influence food consumption and the food away from home market. According to recent
 U.S. Census Bureau statistics, there were 89 million individuals born between 1982 and 2002 in the U.S., making millennials and Generation
 Z the largest demographic cohorts . When it comes to food, millennials and Generation Z are open-minded and curious, and willing
 to seek out new flavors, dining experiences and diverse menu offerings, while also demanding customization, convenience and sustainable
 products. Independent restaurants are well positioned to capitalize on these preferences. As millennials and Generation Z s
 disposable income increases, we believe this demographic will be key to driving growth in the broader U.S. food industry. We also
 expect that baby boomers will continue to shape the industry as they remain in the workplace longer, which is expected to prolong
 their contribution to food away from home expenditures. 

Our
Business Strategy 

Our
 Best Foods at Best Prices strategy is built on a differentiation focus in product assortment, customer experience and innovation.
Through this strategy, we also serve our customers as consultants and business partners, bringing our customers personalized solutions
and tailoring a suite of innovative products and services to fit each customer s needs. 

The
 Best Foods Portion of our strategy features more than 500 products that are sustainably sourced or contribute to waste reduction.
Our private brand portfolio is guided by a spirit of innovation and a commitment to delivering superior quality products and value to
customers. While we offer products under a spectrum of private brands, and at different price points, all are designed to deliver quality,
performance and value to our customers. 

Best
Prices is aimed at providing operators reliability and flexibility in our service model supported by tools and resources to support
them in running their businesses. This means on-time and complete orders and customer choice via the multi-channel offering we have to
serve our customers. 

Acquisitions
have also historically played an important role in supporting the execution of our growth strategy. 

Products
and Brands 

Seaport
Meat Company . Seaport Meat Company was established in 1980 and manufactures custom processed beef, pork, chicken, lamb, veal
and seafood. Seaport Meat Company has become Southern California s premier meat purveyor. Our meats are offered in favored restaurants
and butcher shops in Southern California, Arizona, Nevada and Colorado. 

Our
HACCP-Compliant facility is a state-of-the-art food distribution building, constructed specifically to meet the needs of you, our customer.
Our facility has a licensed USDA inspector housed onsite to ensure that products are processed timely, frequently exceeding our customers 
needs. Seaport Meat Company s current management team follows LEAN production methods ensuring that the customer is getting the
Best Meat at the Best Price. 

Seaport
Meat typically processes over 225,000 pounds of product per week. This enables us to have the purchasing power and diversification to
provide our customers with a one-stop supply experience, while providing the family style and personal customer support of a locally
owned, independent company. 

2 

Our
customers range from restaurants which feature Bar and Grill, Mexican, Italian, and steakhouse cuisines to institutions, schools and
re-distributors. This enables us to have the purchasing power and diversification to provide our customers with a one-stop supply experience
while providing the family style customer support of a locally owned, independent company. 

Because
some of our customers asked if we would offer various sundries that complement the proteins that we provide, we now offer Spices, Produce
and many more items to better serve the needs of our customers. 

Sn Bar .
Sn Bar Frozen Cocktails is Alcohol Infused Ice Cream and Ice Pops made with all natural ingredients and premium alcohol with a full
cocktail in every serving. 

The
Sn Bar idea came to our CEO, Shannon Masjedi, one night at home while she was trying to create a special dessert. She started mixing
alcohol into her ice cream to give it a little kick and voila! an idea was born! 

Soon
after her homemade trials, she teamed up with mixologists, chefs and food scientists to perfect the taste, texture and alcohol content.
Made with natural ingredients and premium alcohol, there s a full cocktail in every serving, the alcohol infused desserts are guaranteed
to stimulate and please even the most sophisticated palate. 

Sn Bar s
three types of ice-pops, Margarita, Mojito and Cosmopolitan, replicate the distinct flavor and experience of the traditional cocktails.
The Margarita ice-pop is made with premium tequila, lime and triple sec; the Cosmopolitan ice-pop is made with premium vodka, triple
sec and cranberry. 

The
superior-quality ice cream is available in the following flavors: Grasshopper, Pink Squirrel, Brandy Alexander Chocolate Chip, and Brandy
Alexander. Each serving of Sn Bar ice-pops and ice cream has the equivalent alcohol percentage of a full cocktail. 

Sn Bar s
ice-pops come in 50ml and 100ml, and Sn Bar ice cream comes in 100ml, 3.75ml, and 1.75 liter sizes. Sn Bar retail prices are
comparable to that of a regular cocktail or bottle of premium alcohol. 

Sn Bar
is available in Southern California in its branded freezers in all outlets which sell liquor, bars, restaurants and night clubs. 

San
Diego Farmers Outlet . San Diego Farmers Outlet is San Diego s premier supplier of affordable fresh fruits and vegetables
and specialty groceries for retail customers and wholesale restaurants. 

Diners
in a San Diego restaurant have likely enjoyed a meal that was prepared with produce supplied by San Diego Farmers Outlet. 

Health-conscious
shoppers will love cooking with the very best in fresh produce and grocery available at our retail market located at 10407 Friars Rd.,
at the corner of Friars and Riverdale, with the parking lot and front entrance just around that corner. Our long time clientele have
been flocking to our market for the best produce in town since 1983 when the company was established and incorporated in California by
lifelong friends, Ben and Sam, who married their dream of creating their own business with the desire to do well by their community by
providing fresh, affordable fruits and vegetables. We continue that dream today to feed our community well, so that we all remain well. 

Suppliers

We
purchase from approximately 300 individual suppliers. Our suppliers generally are large corporations selling national brand name and
private brand products. Additionally, regional and local suppliers support targeted geographic initiatives and private label programs
requiring regional and local distribution. 

Seasonality

Our
business does not fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and, as a result, is not considered seasonal. 

3 

Government
Regulation 

As
a marketer and distributor of food products, we are subject to various laws and regulations. A summary of the laws and regulations is
provided below. 

Food
Handling and Processing 

We
are subject to various laws and regulations relating to the manufacturing, handling, storage, transportation, sale and labeling of food
products, including the applicable provisions of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, Bioterrorism Act, Food Safety Modernization
Act, Federal Meat Inspection Act, Poultry Products Inspection Act, Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act, Country of Origin Labeling
Act, and regulations issued by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA and the U.S. Department of Agriculture USDA ). 

Our
distribution facilities must be registered with the FDA and are subject to periodic government agency inspections by federal and/ or
state authorities. We have a number of processing facilities for certain meat, poultry, seafood and produce products. These units are
registered and inspected by the USDA (with respect to meat and poultry) and the FDA (with respect to produce and seafood) as applicable. 

We
also distribute a variety of non-food products, such as food containers, kitchen cleaning materials, and are subject to various laws
and regulations relating to the storage, transportation, distribution, sale and labeling of those non-food products, including requirements
to provide information about the hazards of certain chemicals present in some of the products we distribute. 

Employment

The
U.S. Department of Labor and its agencies, the Employee Benefits Security Administration, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA ), and the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs, regulate our employment practices and standards for workers.
We are also subject to laws that prohibit discrimination in employment based on non-merit categories, including Title VII of the Civil
Rights Act and the Americans with Disabilities Act, and other laws relating to accessibility. Our workers compensation self-insurance
is subject to regulation by the jurisdictions in which we operate. 

Our
facilities are subject to inspections under the Occupational Safety and Health Act related to our compliance with certain manufacturing,
health and safety standards to protect our employees from accidents. We are also subject to the National Labor Relations Act, which governs
the process for collective bargaining between employers and employees and protects the rights of both employers and employees in the
workplace. 

Trade

For
the purchase of products produced, harvested or manufactured outside of the U.S., and for the shipment of products to customers located
outside of the U.S., we are subject to certain reporting requirements and applicable customs laws regarding the import and export of
various products. 

Trademark 

IPIC
sells the Sn Bar products under a number of trademarks, brand names and trade names that are important to its continued success.
The Sn Bar brand is fully trademarked within the United States. IPIC s business could be adversely affected by the loss of
any major brand or by material infringement of its intellectual property rights. The Sn Bar products are also subject to intellectual
property risks because existing trademark laws offer only limited protection, and the laws of some countries in which the Sn Bar
products are or may be developed, manufactured or sold may not fully protect the Sn Bar products from infringement by others. 

4 

Ground
Transportation 

The
U.S. Department of Transportation and its agencies, the Surface Transportation Board, the Federal Highway Administration, the Federal
Motor Carrier Safety Administration, and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, regulate our fleet operations through the
regulation of operations, safety, insurance and hazardous materials. We must comply with the regulations promulgated by the Federal Motor
Carrier Safety Administration, including those relating to drug and alcohol testing and hours of service for our drivers. Matters such
as weight and dimension of equipment also fall under U.S. federal and state regulations. 

Environmental

Our
operations are subject to a broad range of U.S. federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations, as well as zoning and building
regulations. Environmental laws and regulations cover a variety of procedures, including appropriately managing wastewater and stormwater;
complying with clean air laws, including those governing vehicle emissions; properly handling and disposing of solid and hazardous wastes. 

Human
Capital Management 

Compensation
and Benefits 

We
strive to make a positive difference in the lives of our associates. We are committed to compensation and benefits that respect and reward
our associates for their dedication and hard work. All of our exempt associates participate in our incentive plans, which provides eligible
associates with cash bonus opportunities based upon the Company s achievement of financial and other key performance metrics. Under
our long-term incentive plan, we grant equity compensation awards, such as stock options, restricted stock units and performance awards,
which vest over a period of time, to eligible associates in order to attract and retain key personnel, strengthen their commitment to
the welfare of the Company and align their interests with those of our stockholders. 

Diversity
and Inclusion 

As
a company, we are committed to building a diverse and inclusive workforce and hiring the best talent that reflects the customers and
communities we serve. We believe our success relies upon a diverse and dynamic workplace built upon our Cultural Beliefs, which define
how we live and create an equitable environment where all our associates can grow and thrive. Our diversity and inclusion strategy consists
of three strategic focuses: 

Creating
 a more inclusive work environment where everyone feels safe and valued and their voices matter; 

Increasing
 the diversity of our workforce and leaders by investing in programs to build a diverse talent pipeline and accelerate the development
 of diverse associates; and 

Supporting
 diverse communities and businesses by enhancing our outreach and sharing who we are and what we stand for. 

Health
and Safety 

During
fiscal years 2020 and 2021, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented, and continue to maintain, protocols and enhanced safety
measures to protect the health and safety of our associates and customers. We continue to proactively monitor guidance and requirements
from the Centers for Disease Control CDC ), OSHA and various other federal, state and local authorities and public health
agencies and adjust our protocols and safety measures as appropriate to help mitigate the impact of the pandemic on our associates and
customers. 

In
2022 our Company worked very closely with OSHA and have significantly improved our safety protocols and procedures to meet and exceed
all safety requirements. 

5 

Website
and Availability of Information 

Our
corporate website is located at www.pacvgroup.com. We file annual, quarterly and current reports, and other information with the Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC ). Our filings with the SEC are available to the public on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov.
Those filings are also made available for free as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish them to the SEC on our corporate
website via the Investors section at info@pacvgroup.com . The information contained on or accessible through our
corporate website or any other website that we may maintain is not incorporated by reference into and is not part of this Annual Report. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, Pacific Ventures comprised three employees who manage the affairs of the parent corporation and the operations
of its subsidiaries. On an as needed basis, the Company hires independent contractors to perform specific tasks related to the Company s
business interests. Seaport Group Enterprises LLC has 65 employees. Royalty Foods Partners LLC has 12 employees. 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 

An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other
information in this report before making a decision to invest in our common stock. If any of the following risks and uncertainties develop
into actual events, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. In those cases, the trading
price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks
Relating to Our Business 

We
are seeking to market and advertise food and beverage products and may not be able to accomplish our goal. 

A
key feature of our growth strategy is to engage in the marketing and advertising of food and beverage products. Doing so presents significant
challenges and subjects our business to significant risks. For example, we face substantial competition in some areas, and do not have
as extensive a history of operating in these areas as some of our competitors. 

The
alcohol and dessert industries are highly competitive and if we are unable to compete successfully, our business will be harmed. 

The
alcoholic beverage industry and the dessert industry are extremely competitive. If we are unable to compete successfully against current
or future competitors in such industries, our revenues, margins and market share could be adversely affected, any of which could significantly
harm our business, operating results or financial condition. 

Our
success depends on certain key personnel, including Shannon Masjedi 

Our
performance to date has been and will continue to be largely dependent on the talents, efforts and performance of our senior management
and key technical personnel. It is anticipated that our executive officers will enter into employment agreements. However, while it is
customary to use employment agreements as a method of retaining the services of key personnel, these agreements do not guarantee us the
continued services of such employees. In addition, we have not entered into employment agreements with most of our key personnel. The
loss of our executive officers or our other key personnel, particularly with little or no notice, could cause delays on projects and
could have an adverse impact on our client and industry relationships, our business, operating results or financial condition. 

We
rely on highly skilled and qualified personnel, and if we are unable to continue to attract and retain such qualified personnel it will
adversely affect our businesses. 

Our
success depends to a significant extent on our ability to identify, attract, hire, train and retain qualified creative, technical and
managerial personnel. We expect competition for personnel with the specialized creative and technical skills needed to create our products
and provide our services will continue to intensify. We often hire individuals on a project-by-project basis, and individuals who work
on one or more projects for us may not be available to work on future projects. If we have difficulty identifying, attracting, hiring,
training and retaining such qualified personnel, or incur significant costs in order to do so, our business and financial results could
be negatively impacted. 

6 

We
are dependent on one customer for the majority of our Total Sales Revenue. 

Our
primary customer, a redistributor is responsible for generating 43.39 of our Total Sales Revenue. The loss of this as a customer or
the reduction in this customers current business operations would have a material adverse effect on us as we would not have sufficient
capital to continue operations for an extended period of time. We may be unsuccessful in our continuous efforts to acquire new customers
to further diversify the sources of our revenue. 

Risks
associated with commodity price volatility and energy availability could adversely affect our business. 

We
are exposed to risks associated with commodity price volatility arising from supply conditions, geopolitical and economic variables,
weather, and other unpredictable external factors. We buy commodities such as fresh produce for the production, packaging and distribution
of our products. Availability increases and volatility in the prices of these commodities, as well as products sourced from third parties
and energy used in making, distributing and transporting our products, could increase the manufacturing and distribution costs of our
products. While in the past we have been able to mitigate the impact of these cost increases through productivity improvements and pricing
adjustments, there is no assurance that we will be able to offset such cost increases in the future. 

We
rely on the performance of wholesale distributors and other marketing arrangements and could be adversely affected by consolidation,
poor performance or other disruptions in our distribution channels and customers. 

The
replacement, poor performance or financial default of a major distributor or one of its major customers could adversely affect our business.
Industry consolidation could also adversely affect our margins and profitability. Though large customers can offer efficiencies and unique
opportunities, they can also seek to make significant changes in their volume of purchases, represent a large number of competing products,
negotiate more favorable terms and seek price reductions, which could negatively impact our financial results. 

We
are reliant on one key supplier who may fail to deliver our products according to schedules, prices, quality, and volumes that are acceptable
to us. 

We
purchase the majority of our product and supplies from one key supplier who is responsible for supplying 53 of our Total Cost of Sales
of Product. This exposes us to multiple potential sources of product shortages. Unexpected changes in business conditions, materials
pricing, labor issues, wars, governmental changes, tariffs, natural disasters, health epidemics such as the global COVID-19 pandemic,
and other factors beyond our supplier s control could adversely affect their operations or ability to remain solvent and operational.
Occurrence of any of these risks would disrupt our supply chain and delay or prevent our operations. 

As
the scale of our operations increases, our supplier may not be able to sustainably meet our timelines or our cost, quality and volume
needs, or may increase prices to do so, potentially requiring us to replace them with other sources and possibly on less favorable terms.
Additionally, we may be unsuccessful in our continuous efforts to negotiate with our existing supplier to obtain cost reductions and
avoid unfavorable changes to terms or to source less expensive suppliers. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition,
and operating results. We intend to enter into agreements with additional suppliers to meet our supply needs as we pursue expansion of
our operations. Any delay in entering into new supply agreements, the failure of a supplier to comply with its contractual obligations
or being able to secure favorable terms likely will have a material adverse effect on our prospects, financial condition, and operating
results. 

Our
operations may be adversely affected by failure to maintain or renegotiate distribution, supply, manufacturing or license agreements
on favorable terms. 

We
have a number of distributions, supply, manufacturing and license agreements for our supplies and products. These agreements vary depending
on the particular supply and/or product but tend to be for a fixed number of years. There can be no assurance that we will be able to
renew these agreements on favorable terms or that these agreements will not be terminated. Termination of these agreements or failure
to renew these agreements on favorable terms could have a negative effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

7 

If
we are unable to effectively manage organizational productivity and global supply chain efficiency and flexibility, then our business
could be adversely affected. 

We
need to continually evaluate our organizational productivity and supply chains and assess opportunities to reduce costs. We must also
enhance quality, speed and flexibility to meet changing and uncertain market conditions. Our success also depends in part on refining
our cost structure and supply chains so that we have flexibility and are able to respond to market pressures to protect profitability
and cash flow or ramp up quickly and effectively to meet demand. Failure to achieve the desired level of quality, capacity or cost reductions
could adversely affect our financial results. Despite our efforts to control costs and increase efficiency in our facilities, increased
competition could still cause us to realize lower operating margins and profitability. 

Our
operating results may fluctuate significantly, which may cause the market price of our common stock to decrease significantly. 

Our
operating results may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result of these fluctuations,
financial planning and forecasting may be more difficult and comparisons of our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not
necessarily be meaningful. Accordingly, you should not rely on our annual and quarterly results of operations as any indication of future
performance. Each of the risk factors described in this Risks Related to Our Business section, and the following factors,
may affect our operating results: 

our
 ability to continue to attract clients for our services and products; 

the
 amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the maintenance and expansion of our businesses, operations
 and infrastructure; 

our
 focus on long-term goals over short-term results; 

the
 results of our investments in high risk products; 

general
 economic conditions and those economic conditions specific to our industries; 

changes
 in business cycles that affect the markets in which we sell our products and services; and 

geopolitical
 events such as war, threat of war or terrorist actions. 

In
response to these fluctuations, the value of our common stock could decrease significantly in spite of our operating performance. In
addition, our business, and the alcoholic beverage business, has historically been cyclical and seasonal in nature, reflecting overall
economic conditions as well as client budgeting and buying patterns. 

The
cyclicality and seasonality in our business could become more pronounced and may cause our operating results to fluctuate more widely. 

We
have a history of losses, have generated limited revenue to date, and may continue to suffer losses in the future. 

We
have a history of losses and have generated limited revenue to date. We expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future.
If we cannot become profitable, our financial condition will deteriorate, and we may be unable to achieve our business objectives, including
without limitation, having to cease operations due to a lack of capital. 

Our
independent auditors have raised substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. 

As
noted in our consolidated financial statements, we had an accumulated stockholders deficit of 28,971,411 and recurring
losses from operations as of December 31, 2022. Our net loss for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 was 7,753,683. We also
had a working capital deficit of approximately 8,441,964 as of December 31, 2022. We intend to fund operations through raising additional
capital through debt financing and/or equity issuances and increased lending activities which may be insufficient to fund our capital
expenditures, working capital or other cash requirements for the year ending December 31, 2022. We are continuing to seek additional
funds to finance our immediate and long-term operations. The successful outcome of future financing activities cannot be determined at
this time and there is no assurance that if achieved, we will have sufficient funds to execute our intended business plan or generate
positive operating results. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The
audit report for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 contain a paragraph that emphasizes the substantial doubt as to our
continuance as a going concern. This is a significant risk that we may not be able to remain operational for an indefinite period of
time. 

8 

We
will require substantial additional funding, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all, and, if not available may
require us to delay, scale back or cease our marketing or product development activities and operations. 

We
will require substantial additional capital in order to continue the marketing of our existing products and complete the development
of our contemplated products. Raising funds in the current economic climate may be difficult and additional funding may not be available
on acceptable terms, or at all. 

The
amount and timing of our future funding requirements, both near- and long-term, will depend on many factors, including, but not limited
to: 

the
 number and characteristics of products that we pursue; 

our
 potential need to expand operations, including the hiring of additional employees; 

the
 costs of licensing, acquiring or investing in complimentary businesses, products and technologies; 

the
 effect of any competing technological or market developments; 

the
 need to implement additional internal systems and infrastructure, including financial and reporting systems; 

obtaining
 market acceptance of our alcohol-infused popsicles and ice cream; and 

the
 economic and other terms, timing of and success of our co-branding, licensing, collaboration or marketing relationships into which
 we have entered or may enter in the future. 

Some
of these factors are outside of our control. We will require an additional capital infusion in order to expand the marketing of our alcohol-infused
popsicles and ice cream to 40 states. Such additional fundraising efforts may divert our management from our day-to-day activities, which
may adversely affect our ability to develop and market our alcohol-infused products. In addition, we cannot guarantee that future financing
will be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when required
or on acceptable terms, we may be required to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or marketing of one or more
of our products or product candidates or curtail our operations, which will have a Material Adverse Effect on our business, operating
results and prospects. 

We
may sell additional equity or debt securities or enter into other arrangements to fund our operations, which may result in dilution to
our stockholders and impose restrictions or limitations on our business. 

We
may seek additional funding through a combination of equity offerings, debt-financings, or other third-party funding or other collaborations,
strategic alliances or licensing arrangements. These financing activities may have an adverse impact on our stockholders rights
as well as our operations. For instance, any debt financing may impose restrictive covenants on our operations or otherwise adversely
affect the holdings or the rights of our stockholders. In addition, if we seek funds through arrangements with partners, these arrangements
may require us to relinquish rights to some of our technologies, products or product candidates or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable
to us. 

Acquisitions
we pursue in our industry and related industries could result in operating difficulties, dilution to our stockholders and other consequences
harmful to our business. 

As
part of our growth strategy, we may selectively pursue strategic acquisitions in our industry and related industries. We may not be able
to consummate such acquisitions, which could adversely impact our growth. If we do consummate acquisitions, integrating an acquired company,
business or technology may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures, including: 

increased
 expenses due to transaction and integration costs; 

potential
 liabilities of the acquired businesses; 

potential
 adverse tax and accounting effects of the acquisitions; 

diversion
 of capital and other resources from our existing businesses; 

diversion
 of our management s attention during the acquisition process and any transition periods; 

loss
 of key employees of the acquired businesses following the acquisition; and 

inaccurate
 budgets and projected financial statements due to inaccurate valuation assessments of the acquired businesses. 

9 

Foreign
acquisitions also involve unique risks related to integration of operations across different cultures and languages, currency risks and
the particular economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. 

Our
evaluations of potential acquisitions may not accurately assess the value or prospects of acquisition candidates, and the anticipated
benefits from our future acquisitions may not materialize. In addition, future acquisitions or dispositions could result in potentially
dilutive issuances of our equity securities, including our common stock, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization
expenses, or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition. 

Interruption
or failure of our information technology systems could impair our ability to effectively and timely provide our services and products,
which could damage our reputation and have an adverse impact on our operating results. 

Our
systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, hurricanes, terrorist attacks, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications
failures, computer viruses or other attempts to harm our systems, and similar events. Our facilities are located in areas with a high
risk of major earthquakes and are also subject to break-ins, sabotage and intentional acts of vandalism. Some of our systems are not
fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. The occurrence of a natural disaster or other
unanticipated problems at our California facility or California manufacturing facility, could result in lengthy interruptions in our
projects and our ability to deliver services. An error or defect in the software, a failure in the hardware, a failure of our backup
facilities could delay our delivery of products and services and could result in significantly increased production costs, hinder our
ability to retain and attract clients and damage our brand if clients believe we are unreliable. Given our reliance on our industry relationships,
it could also result in a decrease in our revenues and otherwise adversely affect our business and operating results. 

We
cannot predict the effect that rapid changes in consumer taste may have on our business or industry. 

The
alcoholic beverage and dessert industries are rapidly evolving, primarily due to changing consumer preferences and technological developments.
The rapid growth of technology and shifting consumer tastes prevent us from being able to accurately predict the overall effect that
changing consumer preferences may have on our potential revenue and profitability. If we are unable to develop and effectively market
new products that adequately or competitively address the needs of these changing consumer preferences, it could have an adverse effect
on our business and growth prospects. 

Changes
in regulatory standards could adversely affect our business. 

Our
business is subject to extensive domestic and international regulatory requirements regarding distribution, production, labeling, and
marketing. Changes to regulation of the alcohol industry could include increased limitations on advertising and promotional activities
or other non-tariff measures that could adversely impact our business. In addition, we face government regulations pertaining to the
health and safety of our employees and our consumers as well as regulations addressing the impact of our business on the environment,
domestically as well as internationally. Compliance with these health, safety and environmental regulations may require us to alter our
manufacturing processes and our sourcing. Such actions could adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition,
and our inability to effectively and timely comply with such regulations could adversely impact our competitive position. 

Changes
in excise taxes, incentives and customs duties related to products containing alcohol could adversely affect our business. 

Products
containing alcohol are subject to excise taxation in many markets at the federal, state and/or local level. Any increase in federal,
state or local excise taxes could have an adverse effect on our business by increasing prices and reducing demand, particularly if excise
tax levels increase substantially relative to those for beer and wine. In addition, products containing alcohol are the subject of customs
duties in many countries around the world. An unanticipated increase in customs duties in the markets where we may sell our products
could also adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

10 

Our
insurance policies are expensive and only protect us from some business risks, which will leave us exposed to significant uninsured liabilities. 

We
do not carry insurance for all categories of risk that our business may encounter. Some of the policies that we generally maintain include
general liability, automobile and property insurance. We do not know, however, if we will be able to maintain insurance with adequate
levels of coverage. In addition, we do not know if we will be able to obtain and maintain coverage for the business in which we engage.
No assurance can be given that an insurance carrier will not seek to cancel or deny coverage after a claim has occurred. Any significant
uninsured liability may require us to pay substantial amounts, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and business
results. 

We
face potential product liability and, if successful claims are brought against us, we may incur substantial liability costs. If the use
of our products harm s customers or third parties or is perceived to harm such persons even when such harm is unrelated to our
products, our regulatory approvals could be revoked or otherwise negatively impacted, and we could be subject to costly and damaging
product liability claims. 

The
sale and use of our products expose us to the risks of product liability claims. Product liability claims may be brought against us by
consumers or other third parties. In addition, there is a risk that the use of our products could cause our customers to have an adverse
health event. If we cannot successfully defend our product liability claims, we could incur substantial liability and costs. In addition,
regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in: impairment of our business reputation; costs due to
related litigation; distraction of management s attention from our primary business; substantial monetary awards to customers or
other claimants; the inability to commercialize our products; and/or decreased demand for our products. 

We
believe our product liability insurance coverage as supplemented by our umbrella insurance policy is sufficient in light of our current
financial condition; however, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect
us against losses due to liability. 

Our
business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fires, floods, power outages and other catastrophic events, and to interruption by manmade
problems such as terrorism. A disruption at our production facility could adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows and
financial condition. 

A
significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, fire or a flood or a significant power outage could have a material adverse impact
on our business, financial condition or operating results. If there were a catastrophic failure at our major production facility, our
business would be adversely affected. The loss of a substantial amount of inventory through fire, other natural or man-made disaster,
contamination, or otherwise could result in a significant reduction in supply of the affected product or products. Similarly,
if we experienced a disruption in the supply of our products, our business could suffer. A consequence of any of these supply disruptions
could be our inability to meet consumer demand for the affected products for a period of time. In addition, there can be no assurance
that insurance proceeds would cover the replacement value of our products or other assets if they were to be lost. In addition, if a
catastrophe such as an earthquake, fire, flood or power loss should affect one of the third parties on which we rely, our business prospects
could be harmed. Moreover, acts of terrorism could cause disruptions in our business or the business of our third-party service providers,
partners, customers or the economy as a whole. 

Others
may assert intellectual property infringement claims against us. 

We
use alcohol products from other companies in the making of our alcohol infused frozen desserts. Infringement or misappropriation claims
(or claims for indemnification resulting from such claims) against us may be asserted or prosecuted, regardless of their merit, and any
such assertions or prosecutions may adversely affect our business and/or our operating results. Irrespective of the validity or the successful
assertion of such claims, we would incur significant costs and diversion of resources relating to the defense of such claims, which could
have an adverse effect on our business and/or our operating results. 

11 

The
inability to successfully manage the growth of our business may have an adverse effect on our operating results. 

We
expect to experience growth in the number of employees and the scope of our operations. Such growth will result in increased responsibilities
for our management. If our management is unable to successfully manage expenses in a manner that allows us to both improve operations
and at the same time pursue potential market opportunities, the growth of our business could be adversely impacted, which may, in turn,
negatively affect our operating results or financial condition. In addition, we believe that a critical contributor to our success has
been our creative culture. As we attempt to grow, we may find it difficult to maintain important aspects of our corporate culture, which
could negatively affect our future success. 

We
operate in a highly regulated area. 

The
alcohol industry is highly regulated on the national and state levels. These regulations are highly complex and, at times, may even be
contradictory. Our failure to comply with these overlapping regulatory structures could materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operation. 

Changes
in U.S., regional or global economic conditions could adversely affect our profitability. 

A
decline in economic conditions in the United States or in other regions of the world could lead to a decrease in discretionary consumer
spending, which in turn could adversely affect all businesses. In addition, an increase in price levels generally, or in product availability
a global change in the economy could affect our business . 

Our
operating results may fluctuate significantly, which may cause the market price of our common stock to decrease significantly. 

Our
operating results may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result of these fluctuations,
financial planning and forecasting may be more difficult and comparisons of our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not
necessarily be meaningful. Accordingly, you should not rely on our annual and quarterly results of operations as any indication of future
performance. Each of the risk factors described in this Risks Related to Our Business section, and the following factors,
may affect our operating results: 

our
 ability to continue to attract clients for our services and products; 

the
 amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the maintenance and expansion of our businesses, operations
 and infrastructure; 

our
 focus on long-term goals over short-term results; 

the
 results of our investments in high risk products; 

general
 economic conditions and those economic conditions specific to our industries; 

changes
 in business cycles that affect the markets in which we sell our products and services; and 

geopolitical
 events such as war, threat of war or terrorist actions, including, but not limited to the Ukraine crisis, the result of which is
 likely to be continued higher fuel costs and lack of availability of certain commodities, which we use. 

Current
global economic challenges may continue, and a recovery may be slow or reverse, adversely impacting our results of operations, cash flows
and financial condition. 

Stable
economic conditions globally, including strong employment, consumer confidence and credit availability, are important not only to the
basic health of our consumer markets, but also to our own financial condition. There are presently significant challenges in the global
economy, including high unemployment rates, low consumer confidence, record budget deficits and levels of government debt, and fragile
credit and housing markets. In addition, instability in the COVID environment in ALL parts of the world and other disruptions, may continue
to put pressure on global economic conditions. As a result, consumers increased price consciousness may endure, which may affect
consumers willingness to pay for premium brands as well as the overall level of consumption of products particularly in bars,
restaurants, nightclubs and other public environments. Furthermore, our suppliers and customers could experience cash flow problems,
increased costs or reduced availability of financing, credit defaults, and other financial hardships. These factors may increase our
bad debt expense, cause us to reduce the levels of unsecured credit that we may provide to customers and otherwise adversely impact our
results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. A prolonged global economic stagnation may impact our access to capital markets,
result in increased interest rates on debt that we may take on to expand operations and weaken operating cash flow and liquidity. Decreased
cash flow and liquidity could potentially impact our ability to finance operations. 

12 

Demand
for our products may be adversely affected by many factors, including changes in consumer preferences and trends. 

Consumer
preferences may shift due to a variety of factors including changes in demographic and social trends, public health initiatives, product
innovations, changes in travel, vacation or leisure activity patterns and a downturn in economic conditions, which may reduce consumers 
willingness to our products or cause a shift in consumer preferences toward alternatives. In addition, concerns about health issues relating
to a dietary effect, regulatory action or any litigation against companies in the industry may have an adverse effect on our business.
Our success depends in part on fulfilling available opportunities to meet consumer needs and anticipating changes in consumer preferences
with successful new products and product innovations. While we devote significant focus to the development of new products, we may not
be successful in their development, or these new products may not be commercially successful. In addition, global economic conditions
or market trends could cause consumer preferences to trend away from our products and look for alternatives, which may also adversely
impact our results of operations and cash flows. 

We
face substantial competition in our industry and many factors may prevent us from competing successfully. 

We
compete on the basis of product taste and quality, brand image, price, service and ability to innovate in response to consumer preferences.
It is possible that our competitors may either respond to industry conditions or consumer trends more rapidly or effectively or resort
to price competition to sustain market share, both of which could adversely affect our sales and profitability. 

Future
tax law changes and/or interpretation of existing tax laws may adversely affect our effective income tax rate and the resolution of unrecognized
tax benefits. 

We
are subject to income taxation in the U.S. It is possible that future income tax legislation may be enacted that could have a material
impact on our income tax provision. We believe that our tax estimates are reasonable and appropriate, however, there are inherent uncertainties
in these estimates. As a result, the ultimate outcome from any potential audit could be materially different from amounts reflected in
our income tax provisions and accruals. Future settlements of income tax audits may have a material effect on earnings between the period
of initial recognition of tax estimates in the financial statements and the timing of ultimate tax audit settlement. 

Some
provisions of our charter documents and Delaware law may have anti-takeover effects that could discourage an acquisition of us by others,
even if an acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders. 

Provisions
in our charter documents, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us, even if
doing so would benefit our stockholders. 

Potential
liabilities and costs from litigation and other legal proceedings could adversely affect our business. 

From
time to time we may be subject to various lawsuits, claims, disputes and investigations in the normal conduct of our operations. These
include, but are not limited to, commercial disputes, including purported class actions, employment claims, actions by tax and customs
authorities, and environmental matters. Some of these legal proceedings may include claims for substantial or unspecified damages. It
is possible that some of the actions could be decided unfavorably and could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or
financial condition. In addition, because litigation and other legal proceedings can be costly to defend, even actions that are ultimately
decided in our favor could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows. 

13 

Historical
financial statements may not be reflective of our future results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. 

Although
we believe that you have been provided access to all material information necessary to make an informed assessment of our assets and
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects, historical financial statements do not represent what our results
of operations, cash flows, or financial position will be in the future. 

It
is possible that the last impact of the Coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic, including the response thereto, could cause long-lasting
stock market volatility and weakness, as well as long-lasting recessionary effects on the United States and/or global economies. 
Should the negative economic impact caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, including the response thereto, result in continuing long-term economic
weakness in the United States and/or globally, our ability to maintain or expand our business could be negatively impacted. However,
we are unable to make any prediction in this regard. 

Forward-looking
sttements in the Annual Report may not prove to be accurate. 

Statements
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report which are not historical in nature are forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements often include words such as believe, 
 expect, project, anticipate, intend, plan, outlook, 
 estimate, target, seek, will, may, would, should, 
 could, forecast, mission, strive, more, goal, or
similar expressions and are based upon various assumptions and our experience in the industry, as well as historical trends, current
conditions, and expected future developments. However, you should understand that these statements are not guarantees of performance
or results, and there are several risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially
from those expressed in the forward-looking statements, including, among others: 

any
 declines in the consumption of food prepared away from home; 

the
 extent and duration of the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on us; 

cost
 inflation/deflation and commodity volatility; 

competition; 

reliance
 on third-party suppliers and interruption of product supply or increases in product costs; 

changes
 in our relationships with customers and group purchasing organizations; 

our
 ability to increase or maintain the highest margin portions of our business; 

effective
 integration of acquired businesses; 

achievement
 of expected benefits from cost savings initiatives; 

increases
 in fuel costs; 

economic
 factors affecting consumer confidence and discretionary spending; 

changes
 in consumer eating habits; 

reputation
 in the industry; 

labor
 relations and costs and continued access to qualified and diverse labor; 

cost
 and pricing structures; 

changes
 in tax laws and regulations and resolution of tax disputes; 

product
 recalls and product liability claims; 

adverse
 judgments or settlements resulting from litigation; 

disruption
 of existing technologies and implementation of new technologies; 

cybersecurity
 incidents and other technology disruptions; 

management
 of retirement benefits and pension obligations; 

extreme
 weather conditions, natural disasters and other catastrophic events, including pandemics and the rapid spread of contagious illnesses; 

risks
 associated with intellectual property, including potential infringement; 

indebtedness
 and restrictions under agreements governing indebtedness; and 

interest
 rate increases. 

14 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

There
currently is only a minimal public market for our common stock. Failure to develop or maintain a trading market could negatively affect
the value of our common stock and make it difficult or impossible for you to sell your shares. 

There
currently is only a minimal public market for shares of our common stock and an active market may never develop. Our common stock is
quoted on the OTC Pink Market operated by the OTC Market s Group, Inc. under the symbol PACV . We may not ever be
able to satisfy the listing requirements for our common stock to be listed on any stock exchange, including the trading platforms of
the NASDAQ Stock Market which are often more widely traded and liquid markets. Some, but not all, of the factors which may delay or prevent
the listing of our common stock on a more widely-traded and liquid market include the following: our stockholders equity may be
insufficient; the market value of our outstanding securities may be too low; our net income from operations may be too low; our common
stock may not be sufficiently widely held; we may not be able to secure market makers for our common stock; and we may fail to meet the
rules and requirements mandated by, any of the several exchanges and markets to have our common stock listed. 

The
market price for our common stock is particularly volatile given our status as a relatively unknown company with a small and thinly traded
public float, limited operating history and lack of profits which could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. You may be unable
to sell your common stock at or above your conversion price, which may result in substantial losses to you. 

The
market for our common stock is characterized by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers, and we expect that our
share price will continue to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. The volatility in our share price is
attributable to several factors. First, as noted above, our common stock is sporadically and thinly traded. Because of this lack of liquidity,
the trading of relatively small quantities of shares by our shareholders may disproportionately influence the price of those shares in
either direction. The price for our shares could, for example, decline precipitously if a large number of our common stock are sold on
the market without commensurate demand, as compared to a seasoned issuer which could better absorb those sales without adverse impact
on its share price. Secondly, we are a speculative or risky investment due to our limited operating history and lack of
profits to date, and uncertainty of future market acceptance for our potential products and services. Because of this enhanced risk,
more risk-adverse investors may, under the fear of losing all or most of their investment in the event of negative news or lack of progress,
be more inclined to sell their shares on the market more quickly and at greater discounts than would be the case with the stock of a
seasoned issuer. Many of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease the market price of our common stock, regardless of our
operating performance. We cannot make any predictions or projections as to what the prevailing market price for our common stock will
be at any time, including as to whether our common stock will sustain their current market prices, or as to what effect that the sale
of shares or the availability of common stock for sale at any time will have on the prevailing market price. 

The
application of the penny stock rules could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and increase your transaction
costs to sell those shares. 

The
SEC has adopted rule 3a51-1 which establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as any
equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject
to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, Rule 15g-9 requires: 

that
 a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, and 

the
 broker or dealer receives from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the
 penny stock to be purchased. 

In
order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: 

obtain
 financial information and investment experience objectives of the person, and 

make
 a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge
 and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

15 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to
the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: 

sets
 forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination, and 

that
 the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. 

Generally,
brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more
difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. 

The
application of Rule 144 creates some investment risk to potential investors; for example, existing shareholders may be able to rely on
Rule 144 to sell some of their holdings, driving down the price of the shares you purchased. 

The
SEC adopted amendments to Rule 144 which became effective on February 15, 2008 that apply to securities acquired both before and after
that date. Under these amendments, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock for at least six months
would be entitled to sell their securities provided that: (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time
of, or at any time during the three months preceding a sale, (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements
for at least 90 days before the sale and (iii) if the sale occurs prior to satisfaction of a one-year holding period, we provide current
information at the time of sale. 

Persons
who have beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of,
or at any time during the three months preceding a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled
to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of either of the following: 

1 
 of the total number of securities of the same class then outstanding (shares of common stock as of the date of this Report); or 

the
 average weekly trading volume of such securities during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with
 respect to the sale; 

provided,
in each case, that we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale. Such
sales by affiliates must also comply with the manner of sale, current public information and notice provisions of Rule 144. 

Shannon
Masjedi, our majority stockholder, director and executive officer, owns a large percentage of our voting stock, which allows her to exercise
significant influence over matters subject to stockholder approval. 

Shannon
Masjedi, our majority stockholder, director and executive officer, will have substantial influence over the outcome of corporate actions
requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors, any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of
our assets or any other significant corporate transaction. In particular, because our President, Chief Executive Officer, Interim Chief
Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and a director, Shannon Masjedi, who owns 169,183,000 shares of our common stock and 4,000,000
shares of Series E Preferred Stock (with 10 votes per share), and 10,000 Series F Preferred Stock (Each share of Series F Preferred Stock
is convertible into 0.1 of the issued and outstanding stock at the time of conversion). 

Conversion
of Series F Preferred Stock would cause significant dilution to existing common stock shareholders. 

We
currently have 10,000 shares of Series F Preferred Stock authorized with 10,000 shares issued and outstanding. Each share of Series F
Preferred Stock is convertible into 0.1 of our common stock issued and outstanding at the time of conversion. A conversion of Series
F Preferred Stock by a Series F shareholder would cause significant dilution to existing shareholders of our common stock. 

16 

We
do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock. 

We
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently anticipate that we will retain
all of our available cash, if any, for use as working capital and for other general corporate purposes. Any payment of future dividends
will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other things, our earnings, financial condition, capital
requirements, level of indebtedness, statutory and contractual restrictions applying to the payment of dividends and other considerations
that the Board of Directors deems relevant. Investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never
occur, as the only way to realize a return on their investment. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock. 

Risks
Related to Our Acquisition Strategy 

We
can give no assurances as to when we will consummate any other future acquisitions or whether we will consummate any of them at all. 

We
intend to continue to build our business through strategic acquisitions. However, any acquisition is subject to certain closing conditions
and other impediments to closing, including closing the financing and others that are beyond our control, and we may not be able to close
on the terms described herein or at all. 

We
intend to pursue and consummate one or more additional acquisitions and to possibly use any remaining proceeds from the Financing, if
any, to fund any cash portion of the consideration we will pay in connection with those acquisitions. However, such additional acquisitions
may also be subject to conditions and other impediments to closing, including some that are beyond our control, and we may not be able
to close any of them successfully. In addition, our future acquisitions will be required to be closed within certain timeframes as negotiated
between us and the acquisition target, and if we are unable to meet the closing deadlines for a given transaction, we may be required
to forfeit payments we have made, if any, be forced to renegotiate the transaction on less advantageous terms and could fail to consummate
the transaction at all. 

If
we are unable to close future acquisitions, it could significantly alter our business strategy and impede our prospects for growth. Further,
we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates to replace these acquisitions, and even if we were to do so, we may only
be able to consummate them on less advantageous terms. In addition, some of the businesses we acquire may incur significant losses from
operations, which, in turn, could have a material and adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
may face difficulty in integrating the operations of any businesses we may acquire in the future. As shown by our acquisition of SDFO,
acquisitions have been and will continue to be an important component of our growth strategy; however, we will need to integrate these
acquired businesses successfully in order for our growth strategy to succeed and for us to become profitable. We expect that the management
teams of the acquired businesses will adopt our policies, procedures and best practices, and cooperate with each other in scheduling
events, booking talent and in other aspects of their operations. We may face difficulty with the integration of any other businesses
we acquire, such as coordinating geographically dispersed organizations, integrating personnel with disparate business backgrounds and
combining different corporate cultures, the diversion of management s attention from other business concerns, the inherent risks
in entering markets or lines of business in which we have either limited or no direct experience; and the potential loss of key employees,
individual service providers, customers and strategic partners of acquired companies. 

Further,
we expect that future target companies may have material weaknesses in internal controls relating to the proper application of accrual-based
accounting under the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP prior to our acquiring
them. The Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB defines a material weakness as a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We will be relying on the proper implementation
of our policies and procedures to remedy any such material weaknesses and prevent any potential material misstatements in our financial
reporting. Any such misstatement could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock, cause investors to lose confidence in
our reported financial information, and subject us to civil and criminal fines and penalties. If our acquired companies fail to integrate
in these important ways, or we fail to adequately understand the business operations of our acquired companies, our growth and financial
results could suffer. 

17 

We
may enter into acquisitions and take actions in connection with such transactions that could adversely affect our business and results
of operations. 

Our
future growth rate depends in part on our selective acquisition of additional businesses and assets. We may be unable to identify suitable
targets for acquisition or make further acquisitions at favorable prices. If we identify a suitable acquisition candidate, our ability
to successfully complete the acquisition would depend on a variety of factors and may include our ability to obtain financing on acceptable
terms and requisite government approvals. In addition, any credit agreements or credit facilities that we may enter into in the future
may restrict our ability to make certain acquisitions. In connection with future acquisitions, we could take certain actions that could
adversely affect our business, including: 

using
 a significant portion of our available cash; 

issuing
 equity securities, which would dilute current stockholders percentage ownership; 

incurring
 substantial debt; 

incurring
 or assuming contingent liabilities, known or unknown; 

incurring
 amortization expenses related to intangibles; and 

incurring
 large accounting write-offs or impairments. 

We
may also enter into joint ventures, which involve certain unique risks, including, among others, risks relating to the lack of full control
of the joint venture, potential disagreements with our joint venture partners about how to manage the joint venture, conflicting interests
of the joint venture, requirement to fund the joint venture and its business not being profitable. 

In
addition, we cannot be certain that the due diligence investigation that we conduct with respect to any investment or acquisition opportunity
will reveal or highlight all relevant facts that may be necessary or helpful in evaluating such investment opportunity. For example,
instances of fraud, accounting irregularities and other deceptive practices can be difficult to detect. Executive officers, directors
and employees may be named as defendants in litigation involving a company we are acquiring or have acquired. Even if we conduct extensive
due diligence on a particular investment or acquisition, we may fail to uncover all material issues relating to such investment, including
regarding controls and procedures of a particular target or the full scope of its contractual arrangements. We rely on our due diligence
to identify potential liabilities in the businesses we acquire, including such things as potential or actual lawsuits, contractual obligations
or liabilities imposed by government regulation. However, our due diligence process may not uncover these liabilities, and where we identify
a potential liability, we may incorrectly believe that we can consummate the acquisition without subjecting ourselves to that liability.
Therefore, it is possible that we could be subject to litigation in respect of these acquired businesses. If our due diligence fails
to identify issues specific to an investment or acquisition, we may obtain a lower return from that transaction than the investment would
return or otherwise subject ourselves to unexpected liabilities. We may also be forced to write-down or write-off assets, restructure
our operations or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Charges of this nature could contribute
to negative market perceptions about us or our shares of common stock. 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, there were no unresolved SEC comments issued to the Company. 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

Pacific
Venture s corporate headquarters are now located at 117 West 9th Street, Suites 316 and 423, Los Angeles, California 90015 where
we occupy an aggregate of approximately 655 square feet pursuant to leases. The leases for Suites 316 and 423 are on a month-to-month
basis at a monthly rate of 550 and 500, respectively. 

18 

SDFO
operations are located at 10407 Friars Rd, San Diego, CA 92110, where they occupy an aggregate of approximately 10,000 square feet pursuant
to leases. The 5-year leases are on an annual basis at a monthly rate of 6,000 per month. 

Seaport
Group Enterprise LLC is located at 2533 Folex Way, Spring Valley CA 91978, where they occupy an aggregate of approximately 12,000 square
feet pursuant to the lease. The 5-year leases are on an annual basis starting at a monthly rate of 15,345.00 per month. 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, the Company may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business.
However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may have, individually or in
the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. The Company is currently not aware
of any pending legal proceedings, other than as set forth below. 

Mountain
Meadow Mushroom Farms, Inc. v. Pacific Ventures Group, Inc., Royalty Foods Partners, LLC, et al. In this case filed on November
23, 2020, in San Diego Superior Court (Case No. 37-2020-00042757-CU-CL-CTL), the plaintiff sought an award of damages in the sum of 41,168.
The parties entered into a settlement agreement, wherein the Company agreed to pay the sum of 29,000 over a period of approximately
30 months. The Company is current in its payment obligations. 

Seaport
Group Enterprises, Inc. v. Mousa Rahib dba Canada Steak . In this case filed on May 26, 2022, in San Diego Superior Court (Case
No. 37-2022-00020174-CL-BC-CTL), the Company seeks damages of 2,700 in connection with the defendant s failure to pay invoices
for products delivered. The Company has filed a Request for Entry of Default against the defendant, which pleading remains under consideration
by the court. The Company is unable to predict the resolution of this case. 

TraDigital
Marketing Group, Inc. -vs- Pacific Ventures Group, Inc . In this arbitration case filed on June 10, 2022. The arbitrator entered
an award in favor of TraDigital Marketing in the amount of 54,864.40, which is to be paid by the Company over ten months. The Company
is current in its payment obligations. 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTC PINK tier of the OTC Markets under the symbol PACV. Trading in OTC PINK stocks
can be volatile, sporadic and risky, as thinly traded stocks tend to move more rapidly in price than more liquid securities. Such trading
may also depress the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for our stockholders to resell their common stock. 

The
following table reflects the high and low closing price for our common stock for the periods indicated. The information was obtained
from the OTC Markets Group, Inc. and reflects inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or commission, and may not necessarily
represent actual transactions. 

19 

Year Ended
 December 31, 2022 

March 31, 2022 
 0.099 
 0.0281 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 0.0608 
 0.0117 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 0.0172 
 0.0043 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 0.0043 
 0.0014 

Year Ended
 December 31, 2021 

March 31, 2021 
 0.6721 
 0.361 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 0.623 
 0.3466 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 0.6066 
 0.29 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 0.301 
 0.0663 

Number
of Holders 

As
of the date of this Annual Report the Company had approximately 308 stockholders of record and 716,784,701 shares of common stock issued
and outstanding. 

Dividends 

Since
its inception, the Company has paid dividends one time in n 2018 to its share holds in the form of common stock but does not anticipate
that it will pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued a total of 436,999,500 of its common stock. This comprised of 281,841,207 of debt
converted and 155,158,293 of other considerations including services. 

The
Company believes that the offers, sales and issuances of the securities described above were exempt from registration under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 promulgated
thereunder as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. The recipients of securities in each of these transactions acquired
the securities for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof. Each of the recipients
of securities in these transactions was an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act
and had adequate access, through employment, business or other relationships, to information about us. The sales of these securities
were made without any general solicitation or advertising. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

See
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Securities Authorized
for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 

ITEM
 6. 
 SELECTED
 FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion highlights Pacific Ventures results of operations and the principal factors that have affected our financial
condition as well as our liquidity and capital resources for the periods described and provides information that management believes
is relevant for an assessment and understanding of the statements of financial condition and results of operations presented herein.
The following discussion and analysis are based on Pacific Ventures audited Financial Report, which we have prepared in accordance
with United States generally accepted accounting principles. You should read this discussion and analysis together with such financial
statements and the related notes thereto. 

20 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
audited financial statements for our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 include a summary of our significant accounting policies
and should be read in conjunction with the discussion below. In the opinion of management, all material adjustments necessary to present
fairly the results of operations for such periods have been included in these audited financial statements. All such adjustments are
of a normal recurring nature. 

The
following discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand the Company, our financial condition and results of operations
and our present business environment. It should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes contained
elsewhere in this Annual Report. The following discussion and analysis contain certain financial measures that are not required by, or
presented in accordance with, accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. GAAP ). We believe these non- GAAP financial
measures provide meaningful supplemental information about our operating performance and liquidity. Information regarding reconciliations
of and the rationale for these measures is discussed in Non-GAAP Reconciliations below. 

COVID-19 

Should
the negative economic impact caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, including the response thereto, result in continuing long-term economic
weakness in the United States and/or globally, our ability to maintain or expand our business could be negatively impacted. However,
we are unable to make any prediction in this regard.. 

Inflation 

During
2022, inflation became a significant negative factor in our operations and it continues to be a significant pressure on our ability to
operate at a profit. Since Spring 2022, food costs have increased dramatically and our margins have been reduced. Given the current economic
volatility, we are unable to predict with certainty how our operating results will be impacted by inflation during the remainder of 2023. 

Operating
Metrics 

Case
growth Case growth, by customer type (e.g., independent restaurants) is reported as of a point in time. Customers periodically
are reclassified, based on changes in size or other characteristics, and when those changes occur, the respective customer s historical
volume follows its new classification. 

Organic
growth Organic growth includes growth from operating business that has been reflected in our results of operations for at least
12 months. 

Overview
2021 

Our
sales and gross profit performance can be influenced by multiple factors, including price, volume, customer mix, product mix and the
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The biggest factor affecting performance in fiscal 2021 was the COVID-19 pandemic and the slow reopening
of restaurants and other food service industries. The restaurant sector of our business, however, had nearly achieved full recovery as
of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, as local sales volumes have exceeded fiscal 2019 volume levels. We are experiencing especially
strong results from independent customers. The Company has increased market share in this rapidly expanding market. 

The
return of robust customer demand has created pressure on us and our industry for available product supply in select categories. Our supplier
partners are struggling with meeting the demand of the Company s orders, and certain product categories remain in short supply.
We believe that the Company is performing better than the industry at large in delivering what we refer to as customer fill rate, but
we are performing below our historical performance standards. Our management teams are working closely with current suppliers and actively
sourcing incremental supply from new suppliers, and we are working with our sales teams to offer product substitutions to our customers.
In the current operating environment, we are experiencing a tight labor market, particularly with our warehouse and driver positions.
This is resulting in cost pressures, as we adopt mostly temporary wage actions, such as hiring bonuses, referral bonuses, and even retention
bonus programs. We are working aggressively to fill open positions and improve productivity to offset cost increases. 

21 

Overview
2022 

Our
operations, our industry and the U.S. economy continue to be impacted by higher than normal inflation, supply chain disruptions, and
labor shortages. These factors also influence the buying patterns of our customers and potentially impact consumer confidence and spending. 

Over
the past year, food prices overall have risen more than 10 . Egg prices , alone, soared 60 , butter is up more than 31 
and lettuce jumped 25 , according to Labor Department data through December. 

Strategy 

In
Fiscal Year 2023, the Company s strategy is focused on: 

incrementally
 increase sales and profitability of San Diego Farmers Outlet (SDFO) and Seaport Meat Company. 

expanding
 Sn bar production and distribution 

acquisition
 of food production or distribution companies that are synergistic with SDFO and Seaport Meat Company. 

Seaport
is looking to imrove the current processing line and add and upgrade to a more efficient and automated processing line. This will allow
Seaport to operate more efficiently and reduce the amount of overtime hours on the production line. Seaport plans to increase its customer
base. 

We
plan to grow SDFO s wholesale business by expanding its delivery territory from 40 miles to a 75-mile radius and add to the current
fleet of delivery trucks. The Company has already begun marketing to new restaurants in the area, most notably Asian and Italian restaurants,
and have let restaurants know that SDFO can deliver the finest produce in market. 

We
plan to relaunch Sn bar production and distribution by partnering with third-party manufacturers and co-packers, and with third-party
distributors that can sell Sn bar products to high-end restaurants, resorts, cruise lines and hotels worldwide. Initially, the focus
will be on establishing major accounts in four core markets consisting of Southern California, Phoenix, Las Vegas and Miami. The larger
vision is to sell products in grocery stores such as Kroger, Wal-Mart and others, and thereafter to begin a national marketing program
to all U.S. retailers. It is essentially a top-down marketing plan where products are placed with the largest retailer then trickle down
to the smallest seller in each market area 

We
plan to grow through acquisitions of similar meat and food processing/distributing companies located within the Southwest. Our company
has identified and are currently speaking with a few key opportunities. 

We
plan to acquire food production and distribution businesses that will help the Company grow its food, beverage and alcohol-related products
businesses. We continue to engage in preliminary discussions with potential investors in order to properly fund potential acquisitions,
however, there are no assurances that the required funding will be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern. As discussed in this
Annual Report and in the notes to the Company s consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein, we have incurred operating
losses, and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have accumulated deficit of 28,971,411 and 21,235,728 respectively. For the
year ended December 31, 2022, we have a working capital deficiency of 8,441,964. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. Additionally, our independent registered public accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph in
their report for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 regarding concerns about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

22 

Our
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our generating operating cash flow and raising capital sufficient to fund operations.
We have discussed our strategy and plans relating to these matters elsewhere in this Current Report although the consolidated financial
statements included herein do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. Our business strategy
may not be successful in funding ongoing operations and accelerating our domestic and international expansion, and if we cannot continue
as a going concern, our stockholders may lose their entire investment in us. 

Plan
of Operations for the Next Twelve Months 

Our
plan is to achieve meaningful sales revenue from the sale of the SDFO and Seaport Meat Company products to meet our operating needs.
It is also unlikely that we will be able to satisfy all of our obligations to pay interest and repay principal due and payable within
the next 12 months under the various forms of our outstanding debt. Although we have been able to extend the maturity dates as well as
repayment terms of a substantial amount of such debt, there is no assurance that we will be able to further extend such repayments or
maturity dates to avoid a default, as such further extension depends on the consent of the holders of such debt. If we are unable to
make such payments and repayments and unable to extend and delay required payments or maturities of such debt, the holders of such debt
will have the right to take legal action seeking enforcement of the debt. If any legal action is taken against us, we would face the
risk of having to deplete our limited cash resources to defend against such suit or face the entry of a default judgment. In either event,
such action would have grave impact on our operations. Our ability to continue operations will be dependent upon the successful completion
of additional long-term or permanent equity financing, the support of creditors and shareholders, and, ultimately, the achievement of
profitable operations. There can be no assurances that we will be successful, which would in turn significantly affect our ability to
be successful in our new business plan. If not, we will likely be required to reduce operations or liquidate assets. We will continue
to evaluate our projected expenditures relative to our available cash and to seek additional means of financing in order to satisfy our
working capital and other cash requirements. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

We
regularly evaluate the accounting estimates that we use to prepare our financial statements. A complete summary of these policies is
included in the Notes to our audited financial statements. In general, management s estimates are based on historical experience,
on information from third party professionals, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the facts and
circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management. 

We
believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements, the following
accounting policies involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, these are the policies we believe are the most
critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. 

Revenue
Recognition; We are generating substantially all our revenue from the domestic sale of fresh produce, meat, and other food related
products. Farmers Outlet and Seaport Meat specialty food products that the larger distributors do not carry on a daily basis. Our customers
comprise of redistributors, restaurants, hotels, schools, and nursing homes just to name a few. , Sales revenues are generally recognized
when the products are shipped or delivered to the customers, net of discounts, returns and allowance and collectability is reasonably
assured. 

Concentrations
of Credit Risk; Cash held in banks: we maintain cash balances at a financial institution that is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation FDIC up to federally insured limits. At times balances may exceed FDIC insured limits. We have not experienced
any losses in such accounts. 

23 

Accounts
Receivable (AR): AR as at the years-ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were 1,129,670 and 1,402,334, respectively. Historically, customer
accounts typically are collected within a short period of time and based on its assessment of current conditions and its experience collecting
such receivables, management believes it has no significant risk related to its concentration within its accounts receivable. 

Results
of Operations 

Year
ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 

Revenues
and Cost of Goods Sold. Revenue for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 decreased to 39,907,057 from 41,991,172 during the
comparable period. 

Cost
of goods sold COGS is comprised of production costs, shipping, and handling costs. For the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022, we had costs of goods sold of 34,655,506, as compared to 37,139,454 in the comparable period ended December 31, 2021. The
percentage of COGS against sales was 86.85 in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 88.45 in the fiscal year ended December
31, 2021. 

Operating
Expenses. Our Selling, General and Administrative SG A expenses consist of sales and marketing, professional
services, rents, and general office expenses (including wages for non-officer personnel). During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022
our SG A expenses increased to 6,521,266 from 5,933,273 in the comparable prior period, an increase of 587,994. These increases
were the result of increases in general office expenses, professional services and marketing expenses. On December 31, 2022, total general
office expense was 6,521,266, marketing expenses was 86,094 and professional fees was 896,567. Amortization and depreciation expenses
decreased from 602,987 to 498,739 for the fiscal years December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 

Total
operating expenses for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 were 8,320,167 representing an increase of 52,197, as compared to 8,267,970
for the comparable prior period ended December 31, 2021. 

Other
Non-Operating Income and Expenses . Non-operating expenses for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 were 4,487,739, consisting
all in interest expense compared to a non-operating expense of 3,452,693, consisting of also all in interest expense, in the comparable
prior period ended December 31, 2021. 

Net
Loss. Net loss for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 was 7,735,683, an increase in loss for 2,178,004 from
 5,557,679 in the comparable prior period ended December 31, 2021. 

Financial
Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Fiscal
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had a working capital deficit of 8,441,964 comprised of 259,934 in cash and cash equivalents, 1,129,670 of
accounts receivable, 898,995 inventory assets, other current assets of 301,379 (includes current portion of Rent to Use Asset) and
 16,845 in deposits which were offset by accounts payable of 3,779,490, 1,639,049 in accrued expenses, 23,611 in lease payables, 5,339,639
in current note payables and 267,000 in lease liability. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we used 4,007,659 in operating
activities. Cash provided by investing activities was 172,766. Cash provided in financing activities totaled 4,078,396,
consisting of 4,008,588 in proceeds from notes payable, 465,100 from long term notes, 2,095,207 for debt conversion, 529,336 for
issuance of shares for services, repayment of debt by shares 1,954,973 and loan repayments for 794,863 and 270,000 for non-related
notes and long-term loans, respectively 

In
the comparable prior period in 2021, we had a working capital deficit of 5,287,673 comprised of 16,435 in cash and cash equivalents,
 1,402,334 of accounts receivable, 1,393,215 inventory assets, other current assets of 283,379 (includes current portion of Rent to
Use Asset) and 16,845 in deposits which were offset by accounts payable of 3,475,443, 1,414,526 in accrued expenses, 42,344 in lease
payables, 3,218,567 in current note payables and 249,000 in lease liability. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 we used 2,334,760
in operating activities. Cash used in investing activities totaled 55,498, consisting of purchase of equipment, building and improvement
and fixed assets. Cash provided in financing activities totaled 2,348,459, consisting of 3,216,460 in proceeds from notes payable and
 79,193 of long term notes, 287,110 for debt conversion, 237,500 shares issued for services, 422,500 shares issued for cash, 1,000
for conversion issuance of preferred shares, and 385,731 in prior year adjustments, which is offset with note or loan repayments for
 1,076,952, 150,083 and 776,000 for non-related notes, related notes and long-term loans, respectively. 

24 

On
December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 259,938 as compared to 16,435 on December 31, 2021. 

Cash
used in operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 was 4,007,659 as compared to 2,334,760 in the comparable prior
fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. Cash used increased by 1,672,899 between periods. 

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by investing totaled 172,766. We used 55,498 from investing activities
in the prior fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 

Cash
provided from financing activities on December 31, 2022 was 4,078,396 as compared to 2,348,459 on December 31, 2021. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had total current liabilities of 11,048,789 and total liabilities were 26,042,392 as compared to 8,399,880
and 22,357,138, respectively, for December 31, 2021. 

We
depend upon debt and/or equity financing to fund our ongoing operations and to execute our business plan. If continued funding and capital
resources are unavailable at reasonable terms, we may curtail our plan of operations. We will be required to obtain alternative or additional
financing from financial institutions or otherwise, in order to maintain and expand our existing operations. The failure by us to obtain
such financing would have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Capital
Resources 

Our
principal sources of liquidity have been cash generated by loan proceeds and cash generated from operations. 

We
plan to continue raising capital from outside sources in order to meet our liquidity needs. However, we may be unable to raise sufficient
additional capital when we need it or to raise capital on favorable terms. If we are unable to obtain adequate funds on reasonable terms,
we may be required to significantly curtail or discontinue operations or obtain funds by entering into financing agreements on unattractive
terms. 

We
do not currently have any contractual restrictions on our ability to incur debt and, accordingly we could incur significant amounts of
indebtedness to finance operations. Any such indebtedness could contain covenants which would restrict our operations. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

There
are no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that
is material to investors. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S.
GAAP requires estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and
related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. The SEC has
defined a company s critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of the company s financial
condition and results of operations, and which require the company to make its most difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result
of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. Based on this definition, we have identified the critical accounting
policies and judgments addressed below. We also have other key accounting policies, which involve the use of estimates, judgments and
assumptions that are significant to understanding our results, which are described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements.
Although we believe that our estimates, assumptions and judgments are reasonable, they are based upon information presently available.
Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions, judgments or conditions. 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

25 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

PACIFIC
VENTURES GROUP, INC. 

December
31, 2021 

Page 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID NO: 
 F-1 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

26 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors 

 Pacific
Ventures Group Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Pacific Ventures Group Inc. (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, for each of the two years in the period
ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Going
Concern Uncertainty 

The
Company s financial statements are prepared using the generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern, which
contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has an accumulated
deficit of 28, 971,411 and a negative cash flow from operations amounting to 7,735,683 for the year ended December 31, 2022. These factors
as discussed in Note 2 of the financial statements raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosure that are material to the financial statements and (2) involve especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on
the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit maters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 1 

Concentration
risk 

As
discussed in Note 12 to the financial statements, The Company is potentially subject to concentration risk in its sales revenue and from
a major supplier of goods for sale. 

The
Company has one major customer that accounted for approximately 43.39 and 16,220,091 of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022.
The Company expects to maintain this relationship with the customer. The Company has one major vendor that accounted for approximately
53.23 and 16,547,785 of cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company expects to maintain this relationship with
the vendor. 

We
identified the Company s concentration risk in its sales revenue and from a major supplier of goods for sale as a critical audit
matter. 

The
procedures performed to address the matter included; 

(a)
For the Company s major customer - testing the sales invoices and collections of revenue during the year, confirming the accounts
receivable at year end, examining subsequent cash collections and inquiry of the Company s risk management. 

(b)
For the Company s major vendors - applied analytical review on accounts payable at the year end, confirming the accounts payable
balances at year end, examining subsequent cash payments and inquiry of the Company s risk management. 

DylanFloyd
Accounting Consulting 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 

April
 , 2023 

F- 2 

PACIFIC
VENTURES GROUP, INC. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash
 equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory Asset 

Other Current Asset 

Right to Use Asset 

Deposits 

Total
 Current Assets 

Fixed Assets 

Fixed
 assets, net 

Total
 Fixed Assets 

Other Assets 

Intangible Assets 

Right to Use Asset 

Rent
 Utilities Deposit 

Total Other Assets 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Lease Liability 

Current portion, notes
 payable 

Current portion, notes
 payable - related party 
 - 

Current
 portion, leases payable 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Long-Term Liabilities: 

Notes payable 

Notes payable - related
 party 
 - 

Lease
 Liability 

Total
 Long-Term Liabilities 

Total
 Liabilities 

STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Preferred stock, 
 par value, shares authorized, Series E, issued and outstanding 

Series F, issued
 and outstanding 

Preferred
 stock value 

Common stock, par
 value, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022, which reflects the reverse
 stock split that occurred on Apr 13, 2020 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

PACIFIC
VENTURES GROUP, INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

2022 
 2021 

For the period ended 

December
 31 

2022 
 2021 

Sales, net
 of discounts 

Cost
 of Goods Sold 

Gross Profit 

Operating Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative 

Marketing and Advertising 

Amortization and Depreciation
 expense 

Professional fees 

Officer
 Compensation 

Operating Expenses/(Loss) 

Income/ (Loss) from Operations 

Other Non-Operating Income and Expenses 

Interest
 expense 

Net
 Income/(Loss) before Income Taxes 

Provision
 for income taxes 

Net Ordinary Income/(Loss) 

Other Income / Expense 

Other
 Income - Other 

Net
 Income/(Loss) 

Basic and Diluted Loss
 per Share - Common Stock 

Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding: 

Basic
 and Diluted Class A Common Stock 

Common
stock outstanding shares reflect the 1-for-500 reverse stock split that occurred on Apr 13, 2020. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

PACIFIC
 VENTURES GROUP, INC. 

 Statement
of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Class
 A Common Stock 
 Series
 E 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Series
 F 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Shares
 Sold for Cash 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Note
 conversion 

- 

Shares
 Issued for Services 

- 
 - 

Cancelled
 shares 

- 

- 
 
 Shares
 Issued in exchange of preferred E shares 

- 
 
 Prior
 Period Adjustment 

- 

Net
 loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 

- 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

Balance, value 

Shares
 Sold for Cash 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 Note
 conversion 

- 

Shares
 Issued for Services 

- 

- 

Cancelled
 shares 
 - 

- 

- 
 
 Shares
 Issued in exchange of preferred E shares 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

- 
 
 Prior
 Period Adjustment 

- 
 
 Net
 loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

Balance,
 value 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

PACIFIC
VENTURES GROUP, INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

2022 
 2021 

For the period 

ended
 December 31 

2022 
 2021 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Shares issued for services 
 - 

Depreciation Amortization
 Expense 

Changes in operating assets
 and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Other Current Assets 
 - 

Other Assets 
 - 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Other Current liabilities 

Capitalized
 interest or penalty fees 

Other
 Changes in Assets 

Net Cash Provided by /
 (Used in) Operating Activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Receivable - Related 
 - 

Purchase of equipment,
 building improvements fixed assets 
 - 

Goodwill
 and Intangible Assets 

Net Cash Provided by /
 (Used In) Investing Activities 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Proceeds from notes payable
 - Related 
 - 
 - 
 
 Repayment
 of notes payable 

Repayment
 of notes payable - Related 
 - 

Proceeds from long-term
 loans 

Repayment
 of long-term loans 

Repayment of debt by
 Shares 

Shares Issued for Debt 

Shares Issued for Services 

Shares Issued For Cash 
 - 

Preferred Stocks Issued 
 - 

Common Stock Issued In
 Exchange of Preferred shares 
 - 

Prior
 period adjustment to retained earnings 
 - 

Net Cash Provided by /
 (Used in) Financing Activities 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 

CASH AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AT END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES
 OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

CASH PAID FOR: 

Interest fees 

NON CASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Issuance of shares for
 debt conversion 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Pacific
Ventures Group, Inc. 

 Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

of the issued and
outstanding shares of Sn bar Holdings Class A and Class B common stock in exchange for restricted shares of the
Company s common stock, while simultaneously issuing restricted shares of the Company s common stock to certain
other persons, including for services provided and to a former officer of the Company (the Share Exchange ). 

As
the result of the Share Exchange, Sn bar Holdings became the Company s wholly owned operating subsidiary and the business
of Sn bar Holdings became the Company s sole business operations and MAS Global Distributors, Inc., a California corporation MGD ), became an indirect subsidiary of the Company. 

Prior
to the Share Exchange, the Company operated as an insurance holding company and through its subsidiaries, which marketed and underwrote
specialized property and casualty coverage in the general aviation insurance marketplace. However, in 1997, after selling several of
its divisions, the Company s remaining insurance operations were placed into receivership and the Company ceased operating its
insurance business. 

Since
the Share Exchange represented a change in control of the Company and a change in business operations, the Company s business operations
changed to that of Sn bar Holdings and the discussions of business operations accompanying this filing are solely that of Sn bar
Holdings and its affiliates and subsidiaries comprising of Sn bar Trust , International Production Impex Corporation, a California
corporation IPIC , and MGD. 

Sn bar
Holdings was formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on January 7, 2013. Sn bar Holdings is the trustor and sole beneficiary
of Sn bar Trust, a California trust Trust ), which was formed in June 1, 2013. Shannon Masjedi, the Company s
President, Chief Executive Officer, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and majority stockholder. The Trust owns of the
shares of IPIC, which was formed on August 2, 2001. IPIC is in the business of selling alcohol-infused ice cream and ice-pops and holds
all of the rights to the liquor licenses to sell such products and trade names Sn bar . As such, the Trust holds all
ownership interest of IPIC and its liquor licenses, permitting IPIC to sell its product to distributors, with all income, expense, gains
and losses rolling up to the Trust, of which Sn bar Holdings is the sole beneficiary. Sn bar Holdings also owns of the
shares of MGD. MGD is in the business of selling and leasing freezers and providing marketing services. As a result of the foregoing,
Sn bar Holdings is the primary beneficiary of all assets, liabilities and any income received from the business of the Trust and
IPIC through the Trust and is the parent company of MGD. 

The
Trust and IPIC are considered variable interest entities VIEs and Sn bar Holdings is identified as the primary beneficiary
of the Trust and IPIC. Under the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 810, Sn bar Holdings performs ongoing reassessments of whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE. As the assessment of Sn bar
Holdings management is that Sn bar Holdings has the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact
the VIE s activities (it is responsible for establishing and operating IPIC), and the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that
could potentially be significant to the VIE and the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the
VIE s economic performance, it was therefore concluded by management that Sn bar Holdings is the primary beneficiary of the
Trust and IPIC. As such, the Trust and IPIC were consolidated in the financial statements of Sn bar Holdings since the inception
of the Trust, in the case of the Trust, and since the inception of Sn bar Holdings, in the case of IPIC. 

On
May 1, 2018, Royalty Foods Partners, LLC a Florida Limited Liability Corporation and a subsidiary of Pacific Ventures Group,
Inc. completed an asset acquisition of San Diego Farmers Outlet, Inc. (SDFO), a California Corporation. San Diego Farmers Outlet
was started in over thirty-five years ago to provide primarily restaurants customers in southern California s three largest counties
with quality food and produce and does business under the name of Farmers Outlet and San Diego Farmers Outlet. 

On
December 8, 2019, Seaport Group Enterprises LLC a California Limited Liability Corporation and a subsidiary of Pacific Ventures
Group, Inc. complete an asset acquisition of Seaport Meat Company, a California Corporation. Seaport Meat Company was started in
over thirty years ago and is a USDA inspected fresh meat processing company. Seaport Meat Company delivers to all of Southern California
as well as Arizona, customers include US Foods, SYSCO, and large restaurant chains. 

Principles
of Consolidation 

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company, Sn bar Holdings and its subsidiaries, in which Sn bar
Holdings has a controlling voting interest and entities consolidated under the variable interest entities VIE provisions
of ASC 810, Consolidation ASC 810 ). Inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

The
Company applies the provisions of ASC 810 which provides a framework for identifying VIEs and determining when a company should include
the assets, liabilities, non-controlling interests and results of activities of a VIE in its consolidated financial statements. 

In
general, a VIE is a corporation, partnership, limited-liability corporation, trust, or any other legal structure used to conduct activities
or hold assets that either (1) has an insufficient amount of equity to carry out its principal activities without additional subordinated
financial support, (2) has a group of equity owners that is unable to make significant decisions about its activities, (3) has a group
of equity owners that does not have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive returns generated by its operations or (4)
the voting rights of some investors are not proportional to their obligations to absorb the expected losses of the entity, their rights
to receive the expected residual returns of the entity, or both and substantially all of the entity s activities (for example,
providing financing or buying assets) either involve or are conducted on behalf of an investor that has disproportionately fewer voting
rights. 

ASC
810 requires a VIE to be consolidated by the party with an ownership, contractual or other financial interest in the VIE (a variable
interest holder) that has both of the following characteristics: a) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly
impact the VIE s economic performance and b) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to
the VIE, or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 

A
variable interest holder that consolidates the VIE is called the primary beneficiary. If the primary beneficiary of a variable interest
entity (VIE) and the VIE are under common control, the primary beneficiary shall initially measure the assets, liabilities, and non-controlling
interests of the VIE at amounts at which they are carried in the accounts of the reporting entity that controls the VIE (or would be
carried if the reporting entity issued financial statements prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles). ASC
810 also requires disclosures about VIEs in which the variable interest holder is not required to consolidate but in which it has a significant
variable interest. 

in deferred
revenue. 

in disputed liabilities on its balance sheet. 

in cash and cash equivalents, compared to on December 31, 2021. 

. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible
accounts. The allowance is calculated based upon the level of past due accounts and the relationship with and financial status of our
customers. As of December 31, 2021, the Company wrote off of bad debt expense. The Company write off during the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

consisting of fresh and frozen proteins and seafood and all other restaurants supply items. As of December
31, 2021, the Company has in inventories. 

; office furniture and equipment, three to ; equipment, . 

Trade Name (Seaport Meat) 

Wholesale Customer Relationships
 (San Diego Farmers Outlet) 

Wholesale Customer Relationships
 (Seaport Meat) 

Total Identifiable Intangible Assets 

Total Accumulated Amortization is 

Total Intangible Assets
 and Goodwill 

There
is an impairment of for the year ending December 31, 2022. 

. The Company has not experienced any losses with regard to its
bank accounts and believes it is not exposed to any risk of loss on its cash bank accounts. 

In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). The core principle of this amendment is
that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. This standard is effective for
fiscal years and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date. The amendments in this update deferred the effective date for implementation
of ASU 2014-09 by one year and is now effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. 

In
April 2015, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2015-03, Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic
835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs , to simplify presentation of debt issuance costs by requiring that
debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying
amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The ASU does not affect the recognition and measurement guidance for debt
issuance costs. For public companies, the ASU is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted. 

In
April 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-04, Compensation Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Practical Expedient for the Measurement
Date of an Employer s Defined Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets , which permits the entity to measure defined benefit plan
assets and obligations using the month-end that is closest to the entity s fiscal year-end and apply that practical expedient consistently
from year to year. The ASU is effective for public business entities for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted. 

In
April 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05, Intangibles Goodwill and Other Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40):
Customer s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement , which provides guidance to customers about whether
a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If such includes a software license, then the customer should account for
the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If the arrangement does not
include a software license, the customer should account for it as a service contract. For public business entities, the ASU is effective
for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2015. Early application is permitted.
We are currently reviewing the provisions of this ASU to determine if there will be any impact on our results of operations, cash flows
or financial condition. 

In
April 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-06, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260): Effects on Historical Earnings per Unit of Master Limited
Partnership Dropdown Transactions , which specifies that, for purposes of calculating historical earnings per unit under the two-class
method, the earnings (losses) of a transferred business before the date of a drop down transaction should be allocated entirely to the
general partner. In that circumstance, the previously reported earnings per unit of the limited partners (which is typically the earnings
per unit measure presented in the financial statements) would not change as a result of the dropdown transaction. Qualitative disclosures
about how the rights to the earnings (losses) differ before and after the dropdown transaction occurs for purposes of computing earnings
per unit under the two-class method also are required. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim
periods within those fiscal years. Earlier application is permitted. 

In
June 2014, FASB issued ASU No. 2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements,
Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810, Consolidation . The update removes all incremental
financial reporting requirements from GAAP for development stage entities, including the removal of Topic 915 from the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification. In addition, the update adds an example disclosure in Risks and Uncertainties (Topic 275) to illustrate one way
that an entity that has not begun planned principal operations could provide information about the risks and uncertainties related to
the company s current activities. Furthermore, the update removes an exception provided to development stage entities in Consolidations
(Topic 810) for determining whether an entity is a variable interest entity-which may change the consolidation analysis, consolidation
decision, and disclosure requirements for a company that has an interest in a company in the development stage. The update is effective
for the annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2014, including interim periods therein. Early application is permitted
with the first annual reporting period or interim period for which the entity s financial statements have not yet been issued (Public
business entities) or made available for issuance (other entities). Our company adopted this pronouncement. 

In
June 2014, FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12, Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718); Accounting for Share-Based Payments
When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period . The amendments
in this ASU apply to all reporting entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms of the award provide that
a performance target that affects vesting could be achieved after the requisite service period. The amendments require that a performance
target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. A reporting
entity should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it relates to awards with performance conditions that affect vesting to account
for such awards. For all entities, the amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Earlier adoption is permitted. Entities may apply the amendments in this ASU either (a) prospectively
to all awards granted or modified after the effective date or (b) retrospectively to all awards with performance targets that are outstanding
as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements and to all new or modified awards thereafter.
If retrospective transition is adopted, the cumulative effect of applying this Update as of the beginning of the earliest annual period
presented in the financial statements should be recognized as an adjustment to the opening retained earnings balance at that date. Additionally,
if retrospective transition is adopted, an entity may use hindsight in measuring and recognizing the compensation cost. This updated
guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

In
August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15 on Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) Disclosure
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern . Currently, there is no guidance in GAAP about
management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going
concern or to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments in this Update provide that guidance. In doing so, the amendments
are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments require management to assess an entity s
ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards.
Specifically, the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt, (2) require an evaluation every reporting period
including interim periods, (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management s plans, (4) require certain
disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management s plans, (5) require an express statement
and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated, and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year after the date
that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). 

All
other newly issued accounting pronouncements which are not yet effective have been deemed either immaterial or not applicable. 

We
reviewed all other recently issued accounting pronouncements and determined these have no current applicability to the Company or their
effect on the financial statements would not have been significant. 

for the year ended December 31,
2022 and has an accumulated deficit of 
 as of December 31, 2022. 

In
order to continue as a going concern, the Company will need, among other things, additional capital resources. The Company is significantly
dependent upon its ability, and will continue to attempt, to secure equity and/or additional debt financing. There are no assurances
that the Company will be successful and without sufficient financing it would be unlikely for the Company to continue as a going concern. 

The
audited consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded
assets, or the amounts of and classification of liabilities that might be necessary in the event the Company cannot continue in existence.
These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These audited consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might arise from this uncertainty. 

. Inventory of was recorded as of December 31,
2021. 

Office Furniture 

Building Improvement 

Forklift 1 

Forklift 2 

Truck 2019 Hino 3710 

Truck 2019 Hino 7445 

Truck 2018 Hino 155 5647 

Machinery Equipment 

Leasehold Improvements 

Office Equipment 

Vehicles 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Property,
 plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation
and Amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was compared to for the same period of December 31, 2021. 

compared to for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

M. Shenkman 

BNA TRA Capital 

1800 Diagonal Lending 

ClearThink Capital Partners. 

LGH Investments 

Jefferson Capital 

SBA Loan 

Dicer 

Seaport loan 

TCA Global fund 

TCA Global fund 2 

The
following description represents unrelated note payable transactions post-merger between Sn bar and the Company: 

In
May 17, 2022, the Company entered into a financing arrangement with 1800 Diagonal Lending pursuant to which the Company borrowed a loan
for a total principal of secured by shares of the Company s common stock. The current balance as of December 31, 2022 is
 . 

On
May 1, 2018, Pacific Ventures Group entered into a secured promissory note with TCA Global Master Fund. The note was secured by interests
in tangible and intangible property of Pacific Ventures Group. The effective interest rate on the note is . The outstanding balance
of the notes with TCA Global Fund for San Diego Farmers Outlet is as of December 31, 2022, which includes capitalized interests. 

On
December 17, 2019 Pacific Ventures Group entered into a secured promissory note with TCA Special Situations Credit Strategies ICAV. The
note was secured by interests in tangible and intangible property of Pacific Ventures Group. The effective interest rate is . The
outstanding balance of the notes for Seaport Meat is as of December 31, 2022, which includes capitalized interests. 

On
July 20, 2020, Seaport Group Enterprises LLC entered into a note in the amount of for a new piece of machinery in order to
upgrade the processing line. The note is payable monthly in installment payments of . As of December 31, 2022, the note is current. 

In
August, 2021, The Company entered into a settlement agreement on the Seller Carryback note with PNC Inc in the amount of . . As of December 31, 2022, the balance is . 

In
the second quarter 2021 and in February 2022, The Company entered into three notes with Tysadco Partners now ClearThink Capital Partners
in the total amount of . The note can be repaid in cash or converted common stock or a combination of both. Balance of the
note is . 

In
May of 2021, The Company entered into two notes with LGH Financial in the total amount of . The note can be repaid in cash or
converted common stock or a combination of both. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of the notes is . 

In
December 2022, the company entered into a convertible promissory note with Jefferson Street Capital in the amount of and can
be repaid in cash or converted into common stock. As of December 31, 2022 the note has a balance of . 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had short-term notes payable of and long-term notes payable of . The Company had
purchase receivables of . 

in exchange for of future receipts relating to monies collected from customers or other
third-party payors. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company is required to make payments of , and . As of
December 31, 2022 the balance was . 

In
November 2021, Seaport Group Enterprises LLC and Fox Capital entered into a revenue based factoring agreement and received an aggregate
of in exchange for of future receipts relating to monies collected from customers or other third-party payors. Under
the terms of the agreement, the Company is required to make daily payments to . As of December 31, 2022 the balance was . 

In October of In June of 2022, Seaport Group Enterprises LLC entered into a revenue-based factoring agreement with Lendspark Capital and received an aggregate of Lendspark in exchange for of future receipts to monies collected from customers or other third-party payors. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company is required to make daily payments for 46 weeks. Payments are current. 

Fox Capital 

Lends Park Corp 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had a total of of purchase receivables. 

shares of restricted common
stock of the Company and the issuance of restricted shares of the Company s common stock to certain other persons (as
set forth below) . 

The
 restricted shares of the Company s common stock issued during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 were for the
following: shares for debt conversion and for issued shares of its common stock for services. 

Common
Stock and Preferred Stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue up to shares of its preferred stock, par value per share. The Company designated 
shares of preferred stock as Series E Preferred Stock (the Series E Preferred Stock ). Under the rights, preferences and
privileges of the Series E Preferred Stock, for every share of Series E Preferred Stock held, the holder thereof has . As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Series E Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

From
January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock in exchange for various services
and shares for repayment of debt. 

The
Company is authorized to issue up to shares of its common stock, par value per share. Holders of common stock have
one vote per share. As of December 31, 2021, and 2022, there were and shares of the Company s common stock
issued and outstanding, respectively. 

operating leases for office spaces and associated building expenses. Both leases are on a month-to-month
basis at a monthly rate of and , respectively. 

SDFO
operations are located at 10407 Friars Rd, San Diego, CA 92110, where they occupy an aggregate of approximately square feet pursuant
to leases. The -year leases are on an annual basis at a monthly rate of per month. 

Seaport
Group Enterprise LLC is located at 2533 Folex Way, Spring Valley CA 91978, where they occupy an aggregate of approximately square
feet pursuant to the lease. The -year leases are on an annual basis starting at a monthly rate of per month. 

San
Diego Farmers Outlet and Seaport Meat Company Operating Leases 

The
Company on May 1, 2018 assumed a lease agreement for a facility site and entered into a lease agreement for office space for San Diego
Farmers Outlet. The lease has a term of expiring on . 

2023 

The
Company on December 1, 2019 entered into a lease agreement for a facility site for office space for Seaport Meat Company. The lease has
a term of expiring on . 

2023 

2024 

Concentration
Risk 

The
Company is potentially subject to concentration risk in its sales revenue and from a major supplier of goods for sale. 

Major
Customer 

The
Company has one major customer that accounted for approximately and of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022.
The Company expects to maintain this relationship with the customer. 

Major
Vendor 

The
Company has one major vendor that accounted for approximately and of cost of sales for the year ended December 31,
2022. The Company expects to maintain this relationship with the vendor. 

F- 17 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer performed an evaluation (the Evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end
of the period covered by this Annual Report. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to provide a reasonable level of assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or
persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, due to the presence of material weaknesses
described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective because of the material weaknesses described below. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, there can be no assurance that our disclosure controls and procedures will detect or uncover all failures of persons within
our Company and our consolidated subsidiaries to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in our periodic reports.
There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of
human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures
can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving their control objectives. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting for our Company. Internal control
over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under
the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our board of directors, management and other
personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
 of the company; 

Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
 authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 Internal
control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent
limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses
in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failure. Internal control over financial reporting can also be circumvented by collusion
or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial
reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

We
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020. In making this assessment, our management
used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO of the Treadway Commission s Internal
Control-Integrated Framework. The following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting continued to exist at
December 31, 2022: 

Written
 documentation of key internal controls over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

we
 outsourced the functions of the principal financial officer on an interim basis to assist us in implementing the necessary financial
 controls over the financial reporting and the utilization of internal management and staff to effectuate these controls; 

we
 do not have an independent audit committee of our board of directors; and 

We
believe that these material weaknesses primarily relate, in part, to our lack of sufficient staff with appropriate training in GAAP and
SEC rules and regulations with respect to financial reporting functions, and the lack of robust accounting systems, as well as the lack
of sufficient resources to hire such staff and implement these accounting systems. 

27 

Pending
obtaining sufficient resources to implement these measures, we plan to take a number of actions to correct these material weaknesses,
including, but not limited to, establishing an audit committee of our board of directors comprised of three independent directors, adding
experienced accounting and financial personnel and retaining third-party consultants to review our internal controls and recommend improvements.
However, we may need to take additional measures to fully mitigate these issues, and the measures we have taken, and expect to take,
to improve our internal controls may not be sufficient to (1) address the issues identified, (2) ensure that our internal controls are
effective or (3) ensure that the identified material weakness or other material weaknesses will not result in a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements. 

It
should be noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance
that the objectives of the system are met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about
the likelihood of certain events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems, there can be no assurance that
any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 

Attestation
Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Our management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting
firm pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act that permanently exempted smaller reporting companies from the auditor attestation requirement. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

An
evaluation was performed under the supervision of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer,
of whether any change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2019. Based on that evaluation, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Interim Chief Financial Officer, concluded that there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the fourth fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2019 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

CEO
and CFO Certifications 

Exhibits
31.1 and 31.2 to this Annual Report are the Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and the Interim Chief Financial Officer, respectively.
These Certifications are required in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (the Section 302 Certifications ).
This Item 9A. of this Annual Report, which you are currently reading, is the information concerning the Evaluation referred to above
and in the Section 302 Certifications and this information should be read in conjunction with the Section 302 Certifications for a more
complete understanding of the topics presented. 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 

None 

PART
III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Officers
and Board of Directors 

The
following individuals serve as executive officers and directors of Pacific Ventures as of March 28, 2018: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions 

Shannon
 Masjedi (1) 
 
 50 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer, Interim Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director 

Marc
 Shenkman 
 
 62 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 

(1)
In October 2017, Shannon Masjedi was appointed as the Company s Interim Chief Financial Officer. 

28 

Our
directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed
from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the
board. All officers and directors listed above will remain in office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders, and until their
successors have been duly elected and qualified. There are no agreements with respect to the election of Directors. Our Board of Directors
appoints officers annually and each Executive Officer serves at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 

At
this time, we do have a written employment agreement and/or a formal compensation agreement with our new officers and directors. Compensation
arrangements are the subject of ongoing development and we will make appropriate additional disclosures as they are further developed
and formalized. 

Marc
Shenkman . Mr. Shenkman, as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Pacific Ventures, is responsible for, among other things, the
general oversight of the affairs of Pacific Ventures, has corporate oversight of all of its business, including implementation of long-term
plans, and preside when present at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors. Mr. Shenkman has served as a director
of Sn bar Holdings since January 2013. From year 2000 to present, Mr. Shenkman worked as the President of Priority Financial Network.
Priority Financial Network is a mortgage brokerage company that closes FHA, and A through D residential and
commercial loans over the past several years. In 2020, Priority Financial Network, has produced loans totaling almost 1.67 billion and
has over 300 employees and loan officers. Mr. Shenkman graduated from the University of Vermont with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics
and a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science. Mr. Shenkman brings knowledge and experience in the banking and financial industries. His
experience in the financial markets will help Pacific Ventures Group navigate in the public marketplace. Mr. Shenkman does not hold,
and has not previously held, any directorships in any other reporting companies. 

Shannon
Masjedi . Shannon Masjedi, as President, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary of Pacific Ventures, will be responsible for, among
other things, subject to the supervision and direction of the Board of Directors of Pacific Ventures, the general management and control
of its specified day-to-day business operations, and implementing its short and long term plans, and, as Secretary of Pacific Ventures,
will be responsible for, among other things, attending all meeting of the stockholders, the Board, and, as required, committees of the
Board and recording all the proceedings of such meetings in books to be kept for that purpose. 

Shannon
Masjedi has served as a director and Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer, President, Vice President, Treasurer,
Chief Financial Officer, Secretary of Sn bar Holdings since January 2013. From June 1, 2010 to present, Shannon Masjedi worked as
a director of operations for IPIC, where she implemented all current operating platforms including development of Sn Bar product
line, packaging and research and development and oversaw all day-to-day operations of IPIC as well as managing all the contractors of
IPIC. Shannon Masjedi was in charge of all compliance and regulatory issues for IPIC and obtained all necessary licenses for IPIC to
distribute and export products worldwide. 

Shannon
Masjedi attended Arizona State University where she studied Aeronautical Technology. Shannon Masjedi also attended flight school and
obtained her pilot s license. Shannon Masjedi has had extensive experience with creating the distribution platform for the Sn Bar
product line in the alcohol industry. Her knowledge in the frozen ice cream category and alcohol category combined make her indispensable
to Pacific Ventures. Shannon Masjedi has long standing relationships within these industries which allow Snobar products to be distributed
efficiently. Shannon Masjedi does not hold, and has not previously held, any directorships in any other reporting companies. 

Committees
of our Board of Directors 

Our
securities are not quoted on an exchange that has requirements that a majority of our Board members be independent, and we are not currently
otherwise subject to any law, rule or regulation requiring that all or any portion of our Board of Directors include independent 
directors, nor are we required to establish or maintain an Audit Committee or other committee of our Board of Directors. 

29 

We
have not established any committees, including an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee or a Nominating Committee, any committee
performing a similar function. The functions of those committees are being undertaken by Board of Directors as a whole. Because we have
only two directors, none of whom are independent, we believe that the establishment of these committees would be more form over substance. 

We
do not have a policy regarding the consideration of any director candidates which may be recommended by our stockholders, including the
minimum qualifications for director candidates, nor has our Board of Directors established a process for identifying and evaluating director
nominees. We have not adopted a policy regarding the handling of any potential recommendation of director candidates by our stockholders,
including the procedures to be followed. Our Board has not considered or adopted any of these policies as we have never received a recommendation
from any stockholder for any candidate to serve on our Board of Directors. Given our relative size and lack of directors and officers
insurance coverage, we do not anticipate that any of our stockholders will make such a recommendation in the near future. While there
have been no nominations of additional directors proposed, in the event such a proposal is made, all members of our Board will participate
in the consideration of director nominees. In considering a director nominee, it is likely that our Board will consider the professional
and/or educational background of any nominee with a view towards how this person might bring a different viewpoint or experience to our
Board. 

None
of our directors is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of Item 401(e) of Regulation S-K. In general,
an audit committee financial expert is an individual member of the audit committee or Board of Directors who: 

understands
 generally U.S. GAAP and financial statements, 

is
 able to assess the general application of such principles in connection with accounting for estimates, accruals and reserves, 

has
 experience preparing, auditing, analyzing or evaluating financial statements comparable to the breadth and complexity to our financial
 statements, 

understands
 internal controls over financial reporting, and 

understands
 audit committee functions. 

Indemnification
of Directors and Officers 

Section
145 of the Delaware Corporation Law provides in relevant parts as follows: 

(1)
A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending,
or completed action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative (other than an action by or in the
right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee, or agent of the corporation, or is or
was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee, or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust, or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines, and amounts paid in settlement actually
and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit, or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably
believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had
no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit, or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement,
conviction, or on a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act
in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and with
respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 

(2)
A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending,
or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is
or was a director, officer, employee, or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director,
officer, employee, or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise against expenses (including
attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if
he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and except
that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue, or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be
liable for negligence or misconduct in the performance of his duty to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the court in
which such action or suit was brought shall determine on application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all circumstances
of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which such court shall deem proper. 

30 

(3)
To the extent that a director, officer, employee, or agent of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense
of any action, suit, or proceeding referred to in (1) or (2) of this subsection, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein,
he shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith. 

(4)
The indemnification provided by this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification
may be entitled under any bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his official
capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, and shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director,
officer, employee, or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, and administrators of such a person. 

The
foregoing discussion of indemnification merely summarizes certain aspects of indemnification provisions and is limited by reference to
the above discussed sections of the Delaware Corporation Law. 

The
Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that the Company may indemnify to the full extent of its
power to do so, all directors, officers, employees, and/or agents. It is anticipated that the Company will indemnify its officer and
director to the full extent permitted by the above-quoted statute. 

Insofar
as indemnification by the Company for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to officers and directors of the
Company pursuant to the foregoing provisions or otherwise, the Company is aware that in the opinion of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC ), such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore,
unenforceable. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between or among any of our directors or executive officers or persons nominated or chosen by us to become
directors or executive officers. 

Where
You Can Find More Information 

We
file with the SEC, located on 100 F Street NE, Washington, D.C. 20549, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Annual
Reports on Form 10-K, and other reports, statements and information as required under the Exchange Act. The reports, statements and other
information that we have filed with the SEC may be read and copied at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street NE, Washington,
D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. 

The
SEC maintains a web site (http://www.sec.gov.) that contains the registration statements, reports, proxy and information statements and
other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC such as us. 

You
may access our SEC filings electronically at this SEC website. These SEC filings are also available to the public from commercial document
retrieval services. 

31 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 

Pacific
Ventures Compensation 

The
following table sets forth certain compensation information for: (i) Pacific Ventures principal executive officer serving in such
capacity during fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; (ii) our two most highly compensated executive officers other than our
principal executive officer who were serving as executive officers at December 31, 2022 and 2021; and (iii) up to two additional individuals
for whom disclosure would have been required but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an executive officer at December
31, 2022 and 2021. Compensation information is shown for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards )
 
 Option Awards )
 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 Total Deferred/Accrued 

Shannon Masjedi, CEO 
 2022 
 385,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 385,000 
 
 ShannonMasjedi, CEO 
 2021 
 385,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 385,000 

(1)
Mr. Smith was terminated as CEO in March 2017. 

Seaport/San
Diego Farmers Outlet Compensation 

The
following table sets forth certain compensation information for: (i) San Diego Farmers Outlet and Seaport Meat Company principal
executive officer serving in such capacity during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; (ii)Compensation information is
shown for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards )
 
 Option Awards )
 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 Total 

Shannon Masjedi, CEO 
 2022 
 367,462 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 385,000 
 
 ShannonMasjedi, CEO 
 2021 
 408,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 408,000 

Employment
Agreements 

We
have entered into a written employment agreement with our Chief Executive Officer, Shannon Masjedi. Under this employment agreement,
Ms. Masjedi is paid an annual salary of 385,000. 

Compensation
of Directors 

We
have not established standard compensation arrangements for our directors and the compensation payable to each individual for their service
on our Board is determined from time to time by our Board of Directors based upon the amount of time expended by each of the directors
on our behalf. During the 2022 fiscal year, none of our directors received any compensation specifically for their services as a director. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

We
have no compensation committee of our board of directors, and during the year ended December 31, 2022, our directors and officers participated
in deliberations of our board of directors regarding officer compensation. During the year ended December 31, 2022,no executive officer
of our Company (i) served as a member of the compensation committee (or other committee performing equivalent functions or, in the absence
of any such committee, the entire board of directors) of another entity, one of whose executive officers served on our board of directors,
(ii) served as a director of another entity, one of whose executive officers served on our board of directors, or (iii) served as a member
of the compensation committee (or other committee performing equivalent functions or, in the absence of any such committee, the entire
board of directors) of another entity, one of whose executive officers served as a director of our Company. 

Narrative
Disclosure of Compensation Policies and Practices as They Relate to the Company s Risk Management 

We
believe that our compensation policies and practices for all employees and other individual service providers, including executive officers,
do not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. 

32 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth information regarding beneficial ownership of our capital stock by: 

each
 person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding voting stock; 

each
 director; 

each
 named executive officer; and 

all
 of our current executive officers and directors as a group. 

The
following table is based upon information supplied by to us by our officers, directors and certain principal stockholders. We have determined
beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons
who possess sole or shared voting power or investment power with respect to those securities. These shares are deemed to be outstanding
and beneficially owned by the person holding those options or warrants for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of that
person, but they are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Unless otherwise
indicated, the persons or entities identified in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares shown as
beneficially owned by them, subject to applicable community property laws. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, the business address of each person listed is in care of Pacific Ventures Group, Inc., 117 West 9th Street, Suite
316, Los Angeles, California 90015. 

COMMON
STOCK 

Amount
 and Nature
 of Beneficial Ownership
 (1) 
 Percentage
 of Class
 Common (2) 
 
 Executive
 Officers and Directors 

Shannon Masjedi
 (2) 
 169,187,040 
 23.60 
 
 Marc Shenkman 
 39,522,828 
 5.51 
 
 All officers and directors a group (2 persons) 
 208,709,868 
 29.11 

(1) 
 Beneficial
 ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the shares.
 Except as otherwise indicated, and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table have sole voting
 and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock held by them. 

(2) 
 Applicable
 percentage ownership is based on 716,784,701 shares of our common stock outstanding as of the
 date of this Annual Report. 

(3) 
 Includes
 57,103,000 shares of our common stock owned by ACD Trust Trust ). The trustee
 of the Trust is Shannon Masjedi who holds voting and investment power over the shares of
 our common stock owned by the Trust. 

PREFERRED
STOCK 

Amount
 and Nature
 of Beneficial
 Ownership (1) 
 Percentage
 of Class 

Series
 E 
 Series
 F 
 Preferred (1) 
 
 Executive Officers and Directors 

Shannon Masjedi 
 6,000,000 
 10,000 
 100.0 
 
 Marc Shenkman 
 
 0 
 0.0 
 
 All officers and directors a group (2 persons) 
 6,000,000 (2) 
 10,000 (3) 
 100.0 

5 Shareholders 

None 
 
 0 
 0 

(1) 
 Beneficial
 ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the shares.
 Except as otherwise indicated, and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table have sole voting
 and investment power with respect to all shares of our preferred stock held by them. Applicable percentage ownership is based on
 6,000,000 shares of our Series E Preferred Stock and 10,000 of our Series F Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

33 

(2) 
 Each
 share of Series E Preferred Stock has a 10-to-1 voting preference where everyone share of
 Series E Preferred Stock is equivalent in votes to ten shares of Common Stock, resulting
 in the equivalent of 60,000,000 voting shares of common stock. When combined with the voting
 rights of current common and preferred shareholders, the Series E Preferred shareholder(s)
 has a 21.2 vote on all company matters on a fully diluted basis. 

(3) 
 Represents
 10,000 shares of our Series F Preferred Stock owned directly by Shannon Masjedi. Each share of Series F Preferred Stock is convertible
 into 0.1 of the issued and outstanding stock at the time of conversion and has voting rights equivalent to the conversion rights
 for a total of 468,618,642 common stock voting share equivalents representing 91.6 of the voting power on fully diluted basis. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

On
November 3, 2017, Pacific Ventures board of directors (the Board of Directors adopted, by written consent, in accordance
with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the Company s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan ),
which reserves a total of 1,500,000 shares of the Company s common stock, 0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock for issuance under the 2017 Plan. As described below, incentive awards authorized under the 2017 Plan include, but are not limited to,
incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ).
If an incentive award granted under the 2017 Plan expires, terminates, is unexercised or is forfeited, or if any shares are surrendered
to us in connection with the exercise of an incentive award, the shares subject to such award and the surrendered shares will become
available for further awards under the 2017 Plan. 

Administration
 The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, or the Board of Directors in the absence of such a committee, will administer
the 2017 Plan. Subject to the terms of the 2017 Plan, the Compensation Committee or the Board of Directors has complete authority and
discretion to determine the terms upon which awards may be granted under the 2017 Plan. 

Grants. The 2017 Plan authorizes the grant to participants of nonqualified stock options, incentive stock options, restricted
stock awards, restricted stock units, performance grants intended to comply with Section 162(m) of the Code and stock appreciation rights,
as described below: 

Options
 granted under the 2017 Plan entitle the grantee, upon exercise, to purchase up to a specified number of shares from us at a specified
 exercise price per share. The exercise price for shares of Common Stock covered by an option generally cannot be less than the fair
 market value of Common Stock on the date of grant unless agreed to otherwise at the time of the grant. In addition, in the case of
 an incentive stock option granted to an employee who, at the time the incentive stock option is granted, owns stock representing
 more than 10 of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any parent or subsidiary, the per share exercise price
 will be no less than 110 of the fair market value of Common Stock on the date of grant. 

Restricted
 stock awards and restricted stock units may be awarded on terms and conditions established by the compensation committee, which may
 include performance conditions for restricted stock awards and the lapse of restrictions on the achievement of one or more performance
 goals for restricted stock units. 

The
 Compensation Committee or the Board of Directors may make performance grants, each of which will contain performance goals for the
 award, including the performance criteria, the target and maximum amounts payable, and other terms and conditions. 

The
 2017 Plan authorizes the granting of stock awards. The Compensation Committee or the Board of Directors will establish the number
 of shares of our common stock to be awarded (subject to the aggregate limit established under the 2017 Plan upon the number of shares
 of our common stock that may be awarded or sold under the 2017 Plan) and the terms applicable to each award, including performance
 restrictions. 

Stock
 appreciation rights SARs entitle the participant to receive a distribution in an amount not to exceed the number
 of shares of Common Stock subject to the portion of the SAR exercised multiplied by the difference between the market price of a
 share of Common Stock on the date of exercise of the SAR and the market price of a share of Common Stock on the date of grant of
 the SAR. 

34 

Duration,
Amendment, and Termination; The Board of Directors has the power to amend, suspend or terminate the 2017 Plan without stockholder
approval or ratification at any time or from time to time. No change may be made that increases the total number of shares of Common
Stock reserved for issuance pursuant to incentive awards or reduces the minimum exercise price for options or exchange of options for
other incentive awards, unless such change is authorized by our stockholders within one year of such change. Unless sooner terminated,
the 2017 Plan would terminate ten years after it is adopted. 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Employment
Agreement 

We
have entered into a written employment agreement with our Chief Executive Officer, Shannon Masjedi. Under this employment agreement,
Ms. Masjedi is paid an annual salary of 385,000. 

Indemnification
Agreements 

Our
Bylaws provide that none of our officers or directors shall be personally liable for any obligations of our Company or for any duties
or obligations arising out of any acts or conduct of said officer or director performed for or on behalf of our Company, including without
limitation, acts of negligence or contributory negligence. In addition, our Bylaws provide that we shall indemnify and hold harmless
each person and their heirs and administrators who shall serve at any time hereafter as a director or officer of our Company from and
against any and all claims, judgments and liabilities to which such persons shall become subject by reason of their having heretofore
or hereafter been a director or officer of our Company, or by reason of any action alleged to have heretofore or hereafter taken or omitted
to have been taken by him or her as such director or officer, and that we shall reimburse each such person for all legal and other expenses
reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with any such claim, judgment or liability, including our power to defend such persons
from all suits or claims as provided for under the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law; provided, however, that no such
persons shall be indemnified against, or be reimbursed for, any expense incurred in connection with any claim or liability arising out
of his (or her) own willful misconduct. In addition, in the future, we may enter into indemnification agreements with our directors and
officers and some of our executives may have certain indemnification rights arising under their employment agreements with us. We believe
that these bylaw provisions and indemnification agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. 

The
limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our Bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our
directors for breach of their fiduciary duties. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and
officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and our stockholders. A stockholder s investment may be harmed
to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

Policies
and Procedures for Transactions with Related Persons 

We
have not yet adopted a written related-person transactions policy that sets forth our policies and procedures regarding the identification,
review, consideration and oversight of related-person transactions. 

35 

Director
Independence 

We
are not subject to listing requirements of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements that
a majority of the board of directors be independent and, as a result, we are not at this time required to have our board
of directors comprised of a majority of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that neither of the
members of our board of directors qualifies as an independent director under Nasdaq s definition of independence. 

Our
board of directors acts as the audit committee and we currently have no separate committees. Due to the small size of our board
of directors, we believe that currently it is appropriate and most efficient for our entire board of directors to execute the functions
that a separate audit committee, compensation committee and nominating committee would typically perform. 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
Fees 

For fiscal year end December 31,
 2021: 
 70,000.

We
did not pay any other fees as specified in Item 9(e) of Schedule 14A. 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures 

We
do not currently have a separate audit committee. Our board of directors is responsible for the pre-approval of all audits and permitted
non-audit services to be performed for our Company by the independent auditors. The fees paid to the independent auditors that are shown
in the chart above for 2022 and 2021 were approved by our board of directors in accordance with the procedures described below. 

Our
board of directors reviews and approves all audit and non-audit services proposed to be provided, other than de minimis non-audit services
which may instead by preapproved in accordance with applicable SEC rules. 

There
were no audit or non-audit services provided to us for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 that were not approved by our board
of directors. Our board of directors determined that the services rendered by Dylan Floyd Accounting Consulting are compatible
with maintaining their independence as our independent auditors. 

36 

PART
IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 List
 of Documents Filed. 

(1)
Financial Statements (Included in Item 8 of this Annual Report) 

Consolidated
Financial Statements of Pacific Ventures Group, Inc.: 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Notes
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
schedules have been omitted since they are either not applicable or the information is contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

SEC Counsel or CPA to add footnotes below 

(b) 
 Exhibits. 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of this Form 10-K and this list includes the Exhibit Index. 

Exhibit
 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Share
 Exchange Agreement, dated August 14, 2015, by and among the Company, Sn bar Holdings, Inc., and certain shareholders of Sn bar
 Holdings, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
 June 30, 2015, filed with the SEC on August 14, 2015). 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to Share Exchange Agreement, dated August 21, 2015, by and among the Company, Sn bar Holdings, Inc., and certain shareholders
 of Sn bar Holdings, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed
 with the SEC on September 25, 2015). 
 
 2.3 
 
 Asset
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2018, by and among the Company, Royalty Foods, LLC and San Diego Farmers Outlet, Inc.
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on February 5,
 2018). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Fourth
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on November 16, 2017). 
 
 3.2 
 
 By-laws
 of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, as filed with
 the SEC on June 14, 2017). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Series F Preferred Stock 
 
 10.1 
 
 Co-Packaging
 Letter Agreement dated April 24, 2013, by and between International Production Impex Corporation and Brothers International Desserts,
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on September
 25, 2015). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Distribution
 Agreement, dated March 16, 2015, by and between International Production Impex Corporation and Spectrum Entertainment Events
 LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on September
 25, 2015). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Distribution
 Agreement, dated June 5, 2015, by and between International Production Impex Corporation and Eddie Holman (Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on September 25, 2015). 

37 

Exhibit
 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 10.4 
 
 Exclusive
 Distribution Agreement, dated February 3, 2015, by and between International Production Impex Corporation and Yes Consolidated, LLC
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on September 25,
 2015). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Distribution
 Agreement, dated May 1, 2015, by and between International Production Impex Corporation and Dejako Trading Company (Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on September 25, 2015). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form
 of Lock-Up/Leak-Out Agreement between the Company and certain Sn bar Shareholders party thereto (Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on September 25, 2015). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Anti-Dilution
 Agreement, dated September 25, 2015, by and among the Company and Brett Bertolami and Danzig Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.7 to the Company s Current Report Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on September 25, 2015). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Piggyback
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 25, 2015, by and among the Company, Sn bar Shareholders and other persons thereto
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Current Report Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on September 25,
 2015). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Trust
 Agreement, dated June 1, 2013, by and between Snobar Holding, Inc. and Azizollah Masjedi (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9
 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A, as filed with the SEC on October 16, 2017). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form
 of Promissory Note by and between the Company and certain related parties (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s
 Annual Report on Form 10-K/A, as filed with the SEC on October 16, 2017). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Pacific
 Ventures Group, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on November 8, 2017). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form
 of Pacific Ventures Group, Inc. Incentive Stock Option Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on November 8, 2017). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form
 of Pacific Ventures Group, Inc. Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on November 8, 2017). 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter
 from Anderson Bradshaw PLLC, dated April 20, 2016, addressed to the Securities and Exchange Commission (incorporated by reference
 from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on April 20, 2016, Exhibit 16). 
 
 21.1 
 
 List
 of subsidiaries of the Company. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Management
 contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to the requirements of Item 15(a)(3) of
 Form 10-K. 

Schedules
 have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(ii) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule will be furnished supplementally
 to the SEC upon request. 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

38 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

PACIFIC
 VENTURES GROUP, INC. 

Date:
 June 1, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Shannon Masjedi 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer, 
 Principal
 Financial Officer and 
 Principal
 Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Shannon Masjedi 
 
 Director,
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 
 June 1, 2023 
 
 Shannon
 Masjedi 

/s/
 Marc Shenkman 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 
 
 June 1, 2023 
 
 Marc
 Shenkman 

39 

<EX-3.3>
 2
 ex3-3.htm

Exhibit 3.3 

</EX-3.3>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Pacific
Ventures Group, Inc. 

List
of Subsidiaries 

Name 
 
 State
 of Formation 

Sn bar
 Holdings, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Pacific Ventures Group, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

MAS
 Global Distributors, Inc., a majority (99.9 owned subsidiary of Sn bar Holdings, Inc. 
 
 California 

Royalty
 Foods, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Pacific Ventures Group, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 

International
Production IMPEX Corp, a wholly owned subsidiary of Pacific Ventures Group Inc. 
 
 California 

Royalty
Foods Partners LLC, a Florida Limited Liability Corporation 90.1 owned by Pacific Ventures Group Inc. 

Seaport
Group Enterprises LLC, a California Limited Liability Corporation 90.1 owned by Pacific Ventures Group Inc. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) 

 OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Shannon Masjedi, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pacific Ventures Group, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant
 s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/
 Shannon Masjedi 

Shannon
 Masjedi 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

Date:
June 1, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) 

 OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Shannon Masjedi, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pacific Ventures Group, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant
 s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/
 Shannon Masjedi 
 
 Date:
 June 1, 2023 
 
 Shannon
 Masjedi 

Interim
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CEO AND CFO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Pacific Ventures Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Shannon Masjedi,
as the Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)
the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/
 Shannon Masjedi 

Shannon
 Masjedi 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer and 
 Interim
 Chief Financial Officer 

June
1, 2023 

This
Certification accompanies this Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed by the
Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 pacv-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 pacv-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 pacv-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 22
 pacv-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

