<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1838876_0001683168-23-002393.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3322469</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>106771</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>991090</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>689179</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>699999</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>772390</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-002393.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414131717
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-002393
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GeoSolar Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001838876
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		IRS NUMBER:				854106353
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-255887
		FILM NUMBER:		23820515

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1400 16TH STREET, SUITE 400
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		720-732-8109

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1400 16TH STREET, SUITE 400
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-002393.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 geosolar_i10k-123122.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Annual Report Pursuant To Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act Of 1934 

For the year ended , 2022 

Transition Report Under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act Of 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , ,

Address of principal executive offices 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area
code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a small reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 was . 

State the number of shares outstanding of each
of the registrant s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: 
shares of common stock as of April 14, 2023. 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 
 1 
 
 Item 1 Business 
 2 
 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 9 
 
 Item 2 Properties 
 13 
 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
 13 
 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 13 

PART II 
 14 
 
 Item 5 Market for Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 14 
 
 Item 6 Selected Financial Data 
 14 
 
 Item 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 14 
 
 Item 7A Qualitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 15 
 
 Item 8 Financial Statements 
 16 
 
 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 17 
 
 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 
 17 
 
 Item 9B Other Information 
 17 

PART III 
 18 
 
 Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 18 
 
 Item 11 Executive Compensation 
 19 
 
 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 24 
 
 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 24 
 
 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 25 

PART IV 
 26 
 
 Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 26 
 
 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 26 

i 

PART I 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements, other than purely historical
information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results,
and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements
generally are identified by the words believes, projects, expects, anticipates, 
 estimates, intends, strategy, plan, may, will, would, 
 will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements
are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ
materially from the forward-looking statements. Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently
uncertain. Factors which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and future prospects on a consolidated basis include,
but are not limited to: changes in economic conditions, legislative/regulatory changes, availability of capital, interest rates, competition,
and generally accepted accounting principles. These risks and uncertainties should also be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements
and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. 

Other uncertainties that could
affect the accuracy of forward-looking statements include: 

Technological changes in the solar energy industry; 

Our operating costs and other costs of doing business; 

Access to and availability of materials, equipment, supplies, labor and supervision, power and water; 

Results of current and future feasibility studies; 

The level of demand for our solar energy systems; 

Changes in our business strategy, plans and goals; 

Acts of God such as floods, earthquakes, and any other natural disasters; and 

The impact of the COVID-19 Coronavirus. 

This list, together with the factors
identified in the Risk Factors section of this report, is not exhaustive of the factors that may affect any of our forward-looking statements.
You should read this report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what
we expect. These forward-looking statements represent our beliefs, expectations, and opinions only as of the date of this report. We do
not intend to update these forward-looking statements except as required by law. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these
cautionary statements. 

1 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 

We were incorporated in Colorado
on December 2, 2020. We acquired all rights to the GSP system on March 9, 2021 from Fourth Wave Energy, Inc FWAV in return
for the issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares of our common stock to FWAV. 

We also assumed all liabilities
(approximately 380,000) associated with seven consulting agreements previously signed by FWAV. The agreements with the consultants generally
provided that the consultants would advise FWAV in matters concerning the development of natural energy systems, referred to as the GSP
system , in newly built and existing residences as well as new apartments and commercial buildings. Although these consulting agreements
have since expired, we still owe 380,000 to the former consultants. 

We plan to install natural energy
systems, referred to as the GeoSolar Plus System (the GSP system in newly built and existing residences as well as green
new apartments and commercial buildings. The GSP System is based on combining solar power, geothermal ground sourced energy and other
clean energy technologies into one fully integrated system. Our GSP system is designed to significantly reduce energy consumption
and associated carbon emissions and improve the atmospheric and indoor air quality in residences. 

Our business strategy is to form
strategic dealership/licensing agreements with local solar power and plumbing companies making them our installation partners for the
sale and installation of the GSP system. 

Through our strategic dealership/licensing
agreements we plan to grant all homeowners that purchase a GSP system a 25-year warranty and 100 financing through our anticipated licensees,
of which we currently do not have any and we cannot guarantee that we will find any licensees that will be adequate to our business plans. 

The Company through research and
testing has developed, successfully tested, and is preparing to launch its first commercial product, a patent pending new system called
GeoSolar Plus for powering homes that creates all the energy a homeowner uses with no carbon emissions or utility bills. 

Solar Energy Overview 

Solar power is energy from the
sun that is converted into thermal or electrical energy. Solar energy is the cleanest and most abundant renewable energy source available.
Solar technologies can harness this energy for a variety of uses, including generating electricity, providing light or a comfortable interior
environment, and heating water for domestic, commercial, or industrial use. 

There are three main ways to harness
solar energy: photovoltaic, solar heating and cooling, and concentrating solar power. Photovoltaics generate electricity directly from
sunlight via an electronic process and can be used to power anything from small electronics such as calculators and road signs up to homes
and large commercial businesses. Solar heating and cooling (SHC) and concentrating solar power (CSP) applications both use the heat generated
by the sun to provide space or water heating in the case of SHC systems, or to run traditional electricity-generating turbines in the
case of CSP power plants. 

Solar energy is a very flexible
energy technology: it can be built as distributed generation (located at or near the point of use) or as a central-station, utility-scale
solar power plant (similar to traditional power plants). Both of these methods can also store the energy they produce for distribution
after the sun sets, using new solar and storage technologies. 

In the last decade alone, solar
has experienced an average annual growth rate of 48 . Thanks to strong federal policies like the solar Investment Tax Credit, rapidly
declining costs, and increasing demand across the private and public sector for clean electricity, there are now nearly 100 gigawatts
(GW) of solar capacity installed nationwide, enough to power 18.9 million homes. 

2 

The cost to install solar has
dropped by more than 70 over the last decade, leading the industry to expand into new markets and deploy thousands of systems nationwide.
Prices as of Q4 2021 are at their lowest levels in history across all market segments. An average-sized residential system has dropped
from a pre-incentive price of 40,000 in 2010 to roughly 20,000 for average 8 kilowatts (KW) system today. 

Solar has ranked first or second
in new electric capacity additions in each of the last years. In 2019, 40 of all new electric capacity added to the grid came from solar,
the largest such share in history. Solar's increasing competitiveness against other technologies has allowed it to quickly increase its
share of total U.S. electrical generation - from just 0.1 in 2010 to more than 3.0 today. 

Homeowners and businesses are
increasingly demanding solar systems that are paired with battery storage. While this pairing is still relatively new, the growth over
the next five years is expected to be significant. By 2025, more than 25 of all behind-the-meter solar systems will be paired with storage,
compared to under 5 in 2019. 

The residential solar market experienced
a record year in 2019 as costs continued to fall and solar expanded into more state markets. While California had its strongest year ever
due to the emergence of solar storage as a remedy for disruptive power shutoffs, emerging markets also enjoyed strong growth. Future growth
is expected across the country as prices continue to fall and combined solar + storage systems become increasingly viable. 

GSP System 

Our patent pending and proprietary
GeoSolar Plus SmartGreen (GSP) all electric home energy system that will provide all the energy required for heating, cooling,
cooking, powering, electric vehicle charging, and air purification within either existing or new homes. We are preparing to launch an
aggressive rollout of the system targeting the new home and retrofit residential markets in the first quarter of 2022. 

Our SmartGreen home system
combines the powerful natural energy from solar and geothermal sources - energy radiated from the earth s core - with electric heat
pumps, air purification and monitoring, backup battery storage, all electric appliances, electric vehicle charging and a home automation
central software system that operates every component for powering the home. 

Potential benefits include: 

Little to no utility bills for life 

No carbon emissions from operation of home 

Increased home value 

Significantly healthier living environment 

Clean, quiet and efficient living 

Saves money and provides tax benefits 

The entire system installs quickly
and improves the home value from day one. We know of no other company that has the complete turnkey whole home system that the Company
is launching. 

The GSP system is based on combining
solar power and other energy efficient technologies into one fully integrated system. The GSP system is designed to significantly reduce
energy consumption and associated carbon emissions in residences and commercial buildings. 

3 

The GSP system is: 

Powered by solar photovoltaics and is managed with direct current advanced energy management controls 

Uses: 

o 
 Geothermal heating and cooling 

- 
 Efficient HVAC; 

- 
 LED lighting; 

- 
 Solar energy for hot water heating; 

- 
 Improved insulation; and 

- 
 Advanced air filtration and ventilation. 

We plan to use a national network
of solar installers and home improvement contractors throughout the US to market and install the GSP system directly to homeowners. The
Company will retain the rights to the sales and installation of the GSP system in Colorado 

We plan to use independent subcontractors
to replace a home s existing heating and air conditioning system with the GSP system. We estimate that the removal of an existing
HVAC system and the installation of the GSP system will require approximately 30 days to complete. 

It is believed the installation
of the GSP system will result in a more valuable, cleaner and healthier home and is highly economic for the homeowner. 

The GSP system will symbolize
an important advancement in the way homes are cooled, heated and powered and that the market for the GSP system will be substantial. 

A rendering of the GSP system
follows: 

4 

Tiered Installation Levels 

We plan to offer the GSP system
installation packages in three tiers (Silver, Gold, and Platinum). This way we can tailor to the specific needs of each individual homeowner.
The average new or existing home installation costs approximately 59,500 after 26 federal tax credits and potential state tax credits
that could be available on a state by state basis. 

The system can be 100 financed
at low interest rates or added to a mortgage. We estimate that the payments will likely be less than the homeowner s current utility
bills. 

As of the date of this filing,
the Company has installed one GSP system and had contracts, which will provide us with gross revenue of approximately 20,000, for the
installation of other GSP systems. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the one GSP system we installed was to test the system in
a live environment and the amount we received for installing the system was credited to research and development expenses.
There have been 29 GSP systems installed, 28 of the GSP systems were installed by the inventor of the GSP system that we acquired. 

Geothermal Heat Pump Overview 

Description 

A geothermal heat pump system
is an electrically powered heating and cooling system that transfers heat between your house and the earth using fluid circulated through
long loops of underground pipes. In principle, a geothermal heat pump functions like a conventional heat pump, by using high-pressure
refrigerant to capture and move heat between indoors and out. The difference is that conventional systems gather their heat and
get rid of it through the outside air. Geothermal systems, in contrast, transfer heat through long loops of liquid-filled pipes
buried in the ground. 

As with ordinary heat pumps, the
refrigerant in a geothermal heat pump runs in a loop through a compressor, condenser, expansion valve, and evaporator, collecting heat
at one end and giving it up at the other. The direction of refrigerant flow, which is controlled by the reversing valve, determines whether
heat is moving into the house in winter or being pulled out of it in summer. With the addition of a desuperheater, residual warmth from
the system can also supplement a conventional water heater, further reducing energy bills. 

We believe that the GSP system
will be an integral part of making homes more efficient, as this will potentially cut home heating and cooling bills by an estimated 30
to 70 percent. Further benefits will include the elimination of noisy outdoor compressors and fans. Lastly, and for the benefit of the
earth, the geothermal heating and cooling will reduce greenhouse gas emissions by greatly reducing the amount of gas and energy people
use to heat and cool homes. 

5 

Installation 

We will install an indoor heat
pump which will use a basic refrigeration cycle evaporation, compression, condensation, and expansion to capture and disburse
heat from and to the ground to warm the house in winter and cool it in summer. We estimate that it will cost around 15,000 20,000
to install each system, including ground loops, heat pump, and controls. 

A geothermal heating system is
not difficult to retrofit with a standard heating ventilation and air conditioning system to a ground-source system, as long as burying
the ground loop is feasible. A house will need air ducts to distribute cool air on hot days. Those same ducts can provide warm air in
winter. 

Some geothermal heat pumps can
hook up to an existing air handler, other units come with their own integral air handler. Houses with hot-water heating can use geothermal
systems, too, although additional radiators may be needed because these systems do not reach the higher temperatures of fuel-fired boilers. 

Upon installation we will need
to bury approximately 1,500 to 1,800 feet for a typical 2,000-square-foot home. This can be done generally in several ways. The first
set up would be for a house on a large property where we could bury the pipes horizontally in approximately four-foot-deep trenches around
the property, the second method would be used for houses on smaller properties or properties that are not good for trenching, in that
instance we would need to drill several holes approximately three hundred feet straight down into the ground, and a third method would
be available if there was an adequate sized body of water close to the home, in that situation we could run the pipes and coil them at
the bottom of the pond. In the second method the drilling of the holes would add approximately 50 to the cost of installation. 

Efficiency 

We plan to use super-efficient
geothermal heat pumps. These heat pumps will provide clean, quiet heating and cooling while potentially cutting utility bills by up to
70 percent. 

It is estimated that it takes
only one kilowatt-hour of electricity for a geothermal heat pump to produce nearly 12,000 Btu of cooling or heating. (To produce the same
number of Btus, a standard heat pump on a 95-degree day consumes 2.2 kilowatt-hours.) Geothermal systems are twice as efficient as the
top-rated air conditioners and almost 50 percent more efficient than the best gas furnaces, all year round. 

Another advantage is that there
is no need for a noisy outdoor fan to move air through the compressor coils. Geothermal units simply pump liquid, so they can be placed
indoors, safe from the elements. Most geothermal units come with 10-year warranties, but they can last much longer. 

Arvada, Colorado 4-plex 

 On July 1, 2022, the Company
entered into an agreement with Norbert Klebl to collaborate on the development of the 4-plex in Arvada, Colorado. Mr. Klebl is a co-founder
of the GSP technology and is the Development Director for the Company. Per the agreement, the Company or its newly formed subsidiary,
Sustainable Housing Development Corporation, will be named developer of the property and Mr. Klebl will be the primary manager of the
project. Mr. Klebl paid for the land on which the project will be built and contributed the property to the Company s subsidiary.
The Company will arrange for a construction loan on the project. Upon sale of the 4-plex which is to be built on the property, Mr. Klebl
will receive the price paid for the property and any advances toward the project. The profits from the sale of the 4-plex, if any, will
be allocated 75 to Mr. Klebl and 25 to the Company. The advance is secured by the property, bears interest at 8 per annum and is repayable
when the development is sold. As of December 31, 2022, Mr. Klebl is owed 464,741, which is repayable when the development is sold .
If the Company does not arrange for a construction loan on the project by April 30, 2023, the property on which the 4-plex is to be built
will revert to Mr. Klebl. 

Markets and Marketing 

The renewable energy and efficiency
market involves suppliers, distributors, manufacturers, and contractors; therefore, we plan to establish and maintain a loyal business
relationships with all parties. 

6 

Technology for solar modules,
battery storage, and energy efficiency products is constantly advancing, making it more affordable to create a more clean and sustainable
energy. Renewable energy is one of the fastest growing industries worldwide. Showing continued growth from solar photovoltaic systems
to electrification of vehicles. Due to the ever-changing climate, we will strive to stay relevant and adapt to ongoing environmental and
regulatory changes and continuing to expand our business model to branch out with complimentary services. 

Some new potential products, services
and markets are as follows: 

Bidirectional charge controllers using electric vehicles 

Holistic approach to residential decarbonization through integration of envelope improvements, electrification and transitioning to heat pumps 

JV with builders on development of electric zero carbon apartments 

Warehouse conversions to electric 

Neighborhood community green energy retrofits 

Sales and Marketing 

Our business strategy is to form
strategic dealership/licensing agreements with local solar power and plumbing companies making them our installation partners for the
sale and installation of the GSP system. 

Through our strategic dealership/licensing
agreements we plan to grant all homeowners that purchase a GSP system a 25-year warranty and 100 financing through our partners. We are
particularly excited about the Arizona and Colorado markets and plan to have a major presence in both states. Additionally, we plan to
expand rapidly to Texas, California, New Mexico, Utah and Nevada, where solar power is currently most prevalent. 

We will potentially seek mergers
and/or acquisitions with solar installers, geothermal installers and potentially product manufacturers to integrate our technology and
application with their services and product line. This way, we do not need to spend as many funds on customer acquisition to expand into
new territories, as we can use existing local providers and their existing customer base, which should save time and money. 

Renewable Energy 

Renewable energy is defined as
energy supplies that derive from non-depleting sources such as solar, wind and certain types of biomass. Renewable energy reduces dependence
on imported and increasingly expensive oil and natural gas. In addition, growing environmental pressures, increasing economic hurdles
of large power generation facilities and U.S. National Security interests are favorable drivers for renewable energy. Renewable energy,
including solar and wind power, is the fastest growing segment of the energy industry worldwide. 

Solar power, subsequent to installation,
is an environmentally benign, locally sourced renewable energy source that can play an immediate and significant role in assisting global
economic development, forging sustainable global environmental and energy policies, and protecting national security interests. 

7 

Competition 

The markets we plan to serve are
highly fragmented with numerous small and regional participants and several large nationally based companies. Competition in the markets
we plan to serve will be based on a number of considerations, including our ability to excel at timeliness of delivery, technology, applications
experience, know-how, reputation, product warranties, service and price. Demand for our products can vary period over period depending
on conditions in the markets we serve. We believe our future product quality reliability, and safety supported by advanced manufacturing
and operational excellence will differentiate us from many of our competitors, including those competitors who often offer products at
a lower price. 

Overall, the competitive environment
of the renewable energy industry is very tense despite its market size. The Company competes with other distributors, installers such
as Vivint, Tesla, SunPower, Sunnova, and many companies that install geothermal pumps and piping such as WaterFurnace and Dandelion Energy,
to name some of the other renewable energy companies that are currently in our industry. These competitors possess significantly greater
financial and non-financial resources, manufacturing capacity, well established business models and distribution channels and branding. 

Patents and Trademarks 

The trademarks currently owned
by the Company, and for which it intends to seek federal transaction registration are the marks, GeoSolar Technologies, SmartGreen 
and Leading the Clean Electric Home Revolution . The Company may federally register other trademarks in the future as the need arises.
The Company on May 17, 2021, applied for a United States Patent on its System to Decarbonize, Ventilate and Electrify a Dwelling. This
application is currently in provisional status and is application number 63/189,629. 

Regulation 

We face extensive government regulation
both within and outside the U.S. relating to the development, installation, marketing, sale and distribution of our renewable energy products,
software and services. The following sections describe certain significant regulations that we are subject to. These are not the only
regulations that our businesses must comply with. For a description of risks related to the regulations that our businesses are subject
to, please refer to the section entitled Risk Factors . 

We are not a regulated
utility in the United States under applicable national, state or other local regulatory regimes where we conduct business. 

To operate our systems we obtain
interconnection agreements from the applicable local primary electricity utility. Depending on the size of the solar energy system and
local law requirements, interconnection agreements are between the local utility and either us or our customer. In almost all cases, interconnection
agreements are standard form agreements that have been pre-approved by the local public utility commission or other regulatory body with
jurisdiction over interconnection agreements. As such, no additional regulatory approvals are required once interconnection agreements
are signed. We maintain a utility administration function, with primary responsibility for engaging with utilities and ensuring our compliance
with interconnection rules. 

Our operations are subject to
stringent and complex federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the occupational health and safety of our employees and
wage regulations. For example, we are subject to the requirements of the federal Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended, or OSHA,
and comparable state laws that protect and regulate employee health and safety. 

Federal and/or state prevailing
wage requirements, which generally apply to any public works construction project that receives public funds, may apply
to installations of our solar energy systems on government facilities. The prevailing wage is the basic hourly rate paid on public works
projects to a majority of workers engaged in a particular craft, classification or type of work within a particular area. Prevailing wage
requirements are established and enforced by regulatory agencies. Our Sole Officer and Director monitor and coordinate our continuing
compliance with these regulations. 

8 

Seasonality 

We do not expect any seasonality in our business. 

Employees 

We have one full-time employee,
that being our sole officer. We anticipate adding additional employees in the next 12 months, as needed. We do not feel that we would
have any unmanageable difficulty in locating needed staff in large part because of our Remote Work corporate structure that allows for
location and time flexibility. 

Intellectual Property 

We may rely on a combination of
patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret laws in the United States as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions
to protect our proprietary technology, databases, and our brand. 

We plan to have a policy of requiring
key employees and consultants to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of an employment or consulting relationship
with us. Our employee agreements also require relevant employees to assign to us all rights to any inventions made or conceived during
their employment with us. In addition, in the future we will have a policy requiring individuals and entities with which we discuss potential
business relationships to sign non-disclosure agreements. 

Legal Proceedings 

We may from time to time be involved
in various claims and legal proceedings of a nature we believe are normal and incidental to our business. These matters may include product
liability, intellectual property, employment, personal injury caused by our employees, and other general claims. We are not presently
a party to any legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, are likely to have a material adverse effect on our business.
Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources
and other factors. 

Offices 

Our offices are located at 1400
16 th Street, Ste. 400, Denver, CO 80202 under a renewable month to month lease at a cost of approximately 300 per month. 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 

The price of our common stock
may be materially affected by a number of risk factors, including those summarized below: 

The Company has only a limited operating history
 with respect to its new business and may never be profitable . 

Since the Company only recently
began its new business, it is difficult for potential investors to evaluate the Company s future prospects. The Company will need
to raise enough capital to be able to fund its operations. There can be no assurance that the Company will be profitable or that the Company's
securities will have any value. 

Any forecasts the Company makes
concerning its operations may prove to be inaccurate. The Company s prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses,
and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in the early stage of development. 

9 

As of December 31, 2022 the Company
had installed one GSP system to test the system in a live environment and the amount we received for installing the system
was credited to research and development expenses. The Company has installed one unit as a test bed, but the inventor of our system has
installed twenty eight units using our system. There can be no assurance that the Company will generate any material revenue from the
sale of the Company's GSP systems. 

We have a history of losses and have not generated
revenue. 

 During the year ended December
31, 2022, we had a net loss of 3,464,765. There can be no assurance that we will ever be profitable. 

The Company
needs capital to implement its business plan . 

The
Company needs capital in order to operate. The Company will not receive any capital from this offering and as a result, will need to raise
the capital it needs in future offerings of its securities. The Company does not know what the terms of any future capital raising may
be, but any future sale of the Company s equity securities will dilute the ownership of existing stockholders and could be at prices
substantially below the market price of the Company's common stock, should be a public market ever develop for the Company's common stock.
The failure of the Company to obtain the capital which it requires may result in the slower implementation of the Company s business
plan. 

Expiration of Tax Credits 

The sale of solar and geothermal
energy system has benefitted from federal investment tax credits which lowers the effective cost of these systems to homeowners. However,
these tax credits are set to expire in 2024. Although there is hope that these tax credits will be extended, there can be no assurance
that they will be extended in which case the net cost of the GSP system to the homeowner will increase significantly. 

Our business and results
of operations are dependent on the availability, skill and performance of subcontractors. 

We will use subcontractors and
licensees to install our GSP systems. Accordingly, the timing and quality of our installations will depend on the availability and skill
of our subcontractors. While we anticipate being able to obtain sufficient materials and reliable subcontractors, we do not have any contractual
commitments with any subcontractors, and we can provide no assurance that skilled subcontractors will be available at reasonable rates.
The inability to contract with skilled subcontractors at reasonable rates on a timely basis could have a material adverse effect on our
business. 

We may discover that our subcontractors
have engaged in improper construction practices or have installed defective materials. When we discover these issues, we will use other
subcontractors to make repairs as required by law. The costs of repairs in these instances may be significant and we may be unable to
recover the costs of repairs from subcontractors, suppliers and insurers, which could have a material impact on our business. We may also
suffer damage to our reputation from the actions of subcontractors, which are beyond our control. 

The clean energy industry
is highly competitive and if our competitors are more successful or offer better value to our customers, our business could decline. 

We will operate in a very competitive
environment. Additionally, there are relatively low barriers to entry into our business. We will compete with large national and regional
companies, almost all of which have greater financial and operational resources than we have, and with smaller local companies. We may
be at a competitive disadvantage with regard to certain large national and regional competitors whose operations are more geographically
diversified than ours, as these competitors may be better able to withstand any regional economic downturn. All of our competitors have
longer operating histories and longstanding relationships with subcontractors and suppliers. This may give our competitors an advantage
in marketing their products and securing materials and labor at lower prices. 

If we are unable to compete effectively,
our results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to compete
successfully. 

10 

We will be subject to
warranty and liability claims arising in the ordinary course of business, so our new model is that we are licensing our technology to
others who will be performing the work and issuing the warranties. 

We will be subject to construction
defect, product liability and home and other warranty claims, including moisture intrusion and related claims, arising in the ordinary
course of business. These claims are common to the construction industry and can be costly. There can be no assurance that the installation
of our GSP systems will be free from defects once completed and any defects attributable to us may lead to significant contractual or
other liabilities. We will maintain, and require our subcontractors to maintain, general liability insurance (including construction defect
and bodily injury coverage) and workers compensation insurance and generally seek to require our subcontractors to indemnify us
for liabilities arising from their work. While these insurance policies, subject to deductibles and other coverage limits, and indemnities
protect us against a portion of our risk of loss from claims related to our activities, we cannot provide assurance that these insurance
policies and indemnities will be adequate to address all our warranty, product liability and construction defect claims in the future,
or that any potential inadequacies will not have an adverse effect on our business. Additionally, the coverage offered by and the availability
of general liability insurance for construction defects are currently limited and costly. We cannot provide assurance that coverage will
not be further restricted, increasing our risks and financial exposure to claims, and/or become costlier. 

Potential competitors could duplicate our business
model. 

There is no aspect of our business
which is protected by patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade names at this time. As a result, potential competitors could duplicate
our business model with little effort. Although we plan to file for federal patent protection on the GSP system, there are no assurances
the patents will be issued. 

We may not be able to effectively manage our growth,
which would impair our results of operations. 

The Company intends to expand
the scope of its operating activities significantly. If the Company is successful in executing its business plan, it will experience business
growth that could place a significant strain on operations, finances, management, and other resources. 

The ability to effectively manage
growth may require the Company to substantially expand the capabilities of administrative and operational resources and to attract, train,
manage, and retain qualified management and other personnel. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in recruiting
and retaining new employees or retaining existing employees. 

The Company cannot provide assurances
that management will be able to manage this growth effectively. The failure to successfully manage growth could materially adversely affect
its business, financial condition or results of operations. 

The Company is dependent on its
management and the loss of any of its officers could harm the Company s business. 

The Company s future success
depends largely upon the experience, skill, and contacts of the Company s officers. The loss of the services of these officers may
have a material adverse effect upon the Company s business. 

We may face business disruption and related risks
from the recent pandemic of the novel coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our business could be disrupted
and materially adversely affected by the recent outbreak of COVID-19. As a result of measures imposed by the governments in affected regions,
businesses and schools have been suspended due to quarantines intended to contain this outbreak. The spread of SARS CoV-2 from China to
other countries has resulted in the Director General of the World Health Organization declaring COVID-19 a pandemic on March 11, 2020. 
International stock markets reflect the uncertainty associated with the slow-down in the economy. The reduced levels of international
travel experienced since the beginning of January and the significant declines in the Dow Industrial Average were largely attributed to
the effects of COVID-19. We are still assessing the impact COVID-19 may have on our business, but there can be no assurance that this
analysis will enable us to avoid part or all of any impact from the spread of COVID-019 or its consequences, including downturns in business
sentiment generally or in our sector in particular. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and global efforts to contain its
spread will impact our operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time,
and include the duration, severity and scope of the pandemic and the actions taken to contain or treat the COVID-19 pandemic. 

11 

We may become subject
to litigation, which could materially and adversely affect us. 

In the future, we may become
subject to litigation or enforcement actions, including claims relating to our operations, securities offerings and otherwise in the
ordinary course of business. Some of these claims may result in significant defense costs and potentially significant judgments against
us, some of which are not, or cannot be, insured against. We cannot be certain of the ultimate outcomes of any claims that may arise
in the future. Resolution of these types of matters against us may result in our having to pay significant fines, judgments, or settlements,
which, if uninsured, or if the fines, judgments and settlements exceed insured levels, could adversely impact our earnings and cash flows.
Certain litigation or the resolution of certain litigation may affect the availability or cost of some of our insurance coverage, expose
us to increased risks that would be uninsured, and materially and adversely impact our ability to attract directors and officers. 

As of April 14, 2023, there
was no public market for our common stock. 

As a result, you may be unable
to sell your shares of our common stock. 

Disclosure
requirements pertaining to penny stocks may reduce the level of trading activity for our common stock if and when it is publicly-traded. 

T rades
of t he Company s common stock, should a market ever develop, may be subject to Rule
15g-9 of the Securities and Exchange Commission, which rule imposes certain requirements on broker/dealers who sell securities subject
to the rule to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. For transactions covered by the rule, brokers/dealers
must make a special suitability determination for purchasers of the securities and receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction
prior to sale. The Securities and Exchange Commission also has rules that regulate broker/dealer practices in connection with transactions
in penny stocks . Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00 (other than securities registered
on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information with respect
to transactions in that security is provided by the exchange or system). The penny stock rules require a broker/ dealer, prior to a transaction
in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the Commission that
provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker/dealer also must provide
the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker/dealer and its salesperson in the
transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. The bid and offer
quotations, and the broker/dealer and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to
effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer's confirmation. 

You may have difficulty depositing your shares
with a broker or selling shares of our common stock which you acquire in this offering . 

Many securities brokers will not
accept securities for deposits and will not sell securities which: 

are considered penny stocks or 

trade in the over-the-counter market 

Further, for a securities broker
which will, under certain circumstances, sell securities which fall under any or all of the categories listed above, the customer, before
the securities broker will accept the shares for deposit, must often complete a questionnaire detailing how the customer acquired the
shares, provide the securities broker with an opinion of an attorney concerning the ability of the shares to be sold in the public market,
and pay a legal review fee which in some cases can exceed 1,000. 

For these reasons, investors in
this offering may have difficulty selling shares of our common stock. 

12 

We are an Emerging Growth Company, subject to less
stringent reporting and regulatory requirements of other publicly held companies and this status may have an adverse effect on our ability
to attract interest in our common stock. 

We are an Emerging Growth Company
as defined in the JOBS Act. As long as we remain an Emerging Growth Company, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting and regulatory requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. We cannot
predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common
stock less attractive as a result of any choices to reduce future disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our common
stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

None. 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

13 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

As of April 14, 2023, there
was no public market for our common stock. 

Holders of our common stock are
entitled to receive dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors is not restricted from paying any dividends
but is not obligated to declare a dividend. No cash dividends have ever been declared and it is not anticipated that cash dividends will
ever be paid. 

 Our Articles of Incorporation
authorize our Board of Directors to issue up to 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The provisions in the Articles of Incorporation
relating to the preferred stock allow directors to issue preferred stock with multiple votes per share and dividend rights which would
have priority over any dividends paid with respect to the holders of common stock. The issuance of preferred stock with these rights may
make the removal of management difficult even if the removal would be considered beneficial to shareholders generally and will have the
effect of limiting shareholder participation in certain transactions such as mergers or tender offers if these transactions are not favored
by our management. As of April 14, 2023, no preferred shares were outstanding. 

ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

We were incorporated in Colorado
on December 2, 2020. We are currently in the development stage and have not earned any revenues. 

Results of Operations 

 Operating expenses for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 3,378,584 and 6,692,323, respectively. Operating expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022
decreased primarily due to a decrease in stock based compensation. 

Interest expense for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 86,181 and 2,587. Interest expense increased as a result of an increase in convertible notes payable. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 As of December 31, 2022, we had
cash of 14,320 and we had working capital deficit of 2,496,979. We have financed our cash requirements from the sale of common stock
and by loans from non-affiliated third parties. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received 845,000 in proceeds from the sale
of convertible notes and repaid 30,000 of advances. 

Contractual Obligations 

As of December 31, 2022, we did
not have any material capital commitments. 

14 

Significant Accounting Policies 

For a discussion of our significant
accounting policies please see Note 2 to the audited financial statements included as part of this report. Management determined
there were no critical accounting policies. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities
and contingencies at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. As
a result, management is required to routinely make judgments and estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain.
Actual results may differ from these estimates under different conditions or assumptions. Management determined there were no critical
accounting estimates. 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

15 

ITEM 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

GeoSolar Technologies, Inc. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Page Number 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations - for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
 2021 
 F- 3 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit - for the years
 ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
 2021 
 F- 5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

16 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 GeoSolar Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of GeoSolar Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiary (collectively, the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern Matter 

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company
has not yet achieved profitable operations and expects to incur further losses in the development of its business both of which that raise
substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in
Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

 www.malonebailey.com 

 We have served as the Company's auditor
since 2021. 

April 14, 2023 

F- 1 

GeoSolar Technologies, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Subscription receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Noncurrent assets: 

Deferred offering costs 

Land 

Total noncurrent assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation 

Accrued expenses 

Related party advances 

Advances 

Note payable 

Senior convertible notes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued
 and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 2 

GeoSolar Technologies, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of
Operations 

 For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Other expenses: 

Interest expense 

Total other expenses 

Net loss 

Net loss per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 3 

GeoSolar Technologies, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of
Changes in Stockholders Deficit 

 For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 paid-in capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Founder shares issued for cash 

Common shares issued for cash and services 

Common shares issued for subscription receivable and services 

Units issued for cash 

Common shares issued to Fourth Wave Energy, Inc. 

Common shares issued for deferred offering cost 

Stock based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Common shares issued for cash, net 

Common shares issued for cash and services 

Stock based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 4 

GeoSolar Technologies, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows 

 For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustment to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities: 

Stock based compensation 

Write off of deferred offering costs 

Net change in: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable, related party 

Accrued expenses 

CASH FLOWS USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Repayment of advances 

Proceeds from advances, related party 

Repayment of advances, related party 

Proceeds from advances 

Repayment of note payable 

Proceeds from senior convertible notes payable 

Proceeds from subscription receivable 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants 

CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid on interest expense 

Cash paid for income taxes 

NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS 

Financing of prepaid insurance premiums 

Non-cash increase in prepaid expenses 

Land acquired with advance 

Expenses paid on the Company's behalf 

Common shares issued for subscription receivable 

Common shares issued for deferred financing cost 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 5 

GeoSolar
Technologies, Inc. 

 Notes to the Financial Statements 

cash equivalents. 

of stock warrants and 
of stock options and 
shares issuable upon the conversion of senior convertible notes were considered for their dilutive effects but were determined to be
anti-dilutive due to the Company s net loss. During the year ended December 31, 2021, 
of stock warrants, 
of stock options and 
shares issuable upon the conversion of senior convertible note were considered for their dilutive effects but were determined to be
anti-dilutive due to the Company s net loss. 

and , respectively. 

of expense related to this agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has accrued 
and of compensation payable to Mr. Douglass, respectively. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company received 
in advances from the Company s director and repaid 
of advances. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s sole director paid 
of expenses on behalf of the Company. The advance is unsecured, non-interest bearing and is payable on demand. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the advances related party totaled 
and ,
respectively. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, Mr. Douglass
and a family member purchased and shares of common stock at par value of 0.0001 per share, respectively. See Note 6. 

and repaid 
in advances. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received 
in advances from shareholders and repaid 
in advances. The advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and are payable on demand. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company owes Mr.
Klebl 
and accrued interest of ,
related to the funding and purchase of land on the Company s behalf. The advance bears interest at 8 and is secured by land, see Commitments
footnote. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the advances totaled
 and , respectively. 

Note Payable 

In June 2022, the Company entered into a Premium Finance
Agreement related to various insurance policies. The policy premiums total for a one year policy period. The Company financed
 of the policy over a ten month period. The monthly payments under the agreement are due in ten installments of 1,224, at an annual
interest rate of 7.30 . As of December 31, 2022, the note payable balance was . 

Senior Convertible Notes 

In November and December 2021, the Company issued
three senior convertible notes in the principal amount of .
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued senior convertible notes in the principal amount of .
The notes are unsecured, bear interest at 
per year and are due and payable on December 31, 2022. The notes are currently past due. 

In June 2022, the Company issued a senior convertible
note in the principal amount of . The note is unsecured, bears interest at per year and is due and payable on .
At the option of the senior convertible noteholders, the notes can be converted into shares of the Company s common stock. The number
of shares of the Company s common stock which will be issued upon any conversion will be determined by dividing the amount to be
converted by 0.20. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance on the senior convertible notes were and ,
respectively. 

shares of common stock with a par value of . In addition, the Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred
stock with a par value of . The specific rights of the preferred stock, when so designated, shall be determined by the board of
directors. 

2022 

On February 8, 2022, the Board approve the issuance
of 
 shares of common stock at 0.0001 to a private group of investors. Based on the 0.15 per share estimated fair value using the
cash selling price at the time of issuance, the Company recognized an expense of 
 related to the issuance of shares. 

On June 19, 2022, the Company entered into a one-year
contract with SRAX, Inc. SRAX ). In exchange for the right to use the SRAX Sequire platform, in connection with the Company s
Regulation A Offering, the Company will issue SRAX 1,250,000
shares of its restricted common stock. Per the agreement, the shares are subject to a price adjustment if the Company issues any
common stock or common stock equivalents less than 1.00 per share. On July 13, 2022, the Company issued 
 shares to SRAX. The Company recorded the in additional paid in capital and will
recognize the expense over the life of the contract. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized of stock-based
compensation. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had of unrecognized expense of stock-based compensation related to this issuance. 

On December 14, 2022, the Board approved the
issuance of 
shares of the Company common stock at 0.0001 to consultants for services. The shares vested upon issuance. Based on the 1.00 per share fair value using the cash selling price at
the time of issuance, the Company recognized an expense of related to the issuance of shares. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company issued 
shares of common stock for cash proceeds of ,
net of fees. 

2021 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued shares of its common stock to founders at par value of 0.0001 per share. The Company received proceeds of related
to the issuance of shares. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued shares of its common stock to Fourth Wave related to the transfer of their technology at par value of 0.0001 per
share. This transaction was contemplated at the founding of our Company and valued at 0.0001 which was the same price the founders paid
for common stock. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued shares of its common stock valued at 0.15 per share. The Company received proceeds of and recorded a subscription
receivable of . The subscription receivable was collected in full in January 2022. Based on the estimated fair value using the cash
selling price at the time of issuance, the Company recognized an expense of related to the issuance of these shares. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
sold at a price of 20,000 per Unit to a group of private investors for proceeds of . Each warrant allows the holder to purchase one share of the Company's common stock at
a price of 2.00 per share at any time on or before December 31, 2024. 

On December 1, 2021, the Company entered into an
agreement with Manhattan Street Capital MSC to provide management, technology, administrative services, and
assistance with and introduction to resources need to conduct a Reg A+ offering. MSC with be paid 5,000 monthly in advance for a
9-month period and 2,500 per month while the offering is ongoing. In addition, MSC will receive shares
of the Company stock at a price of 0.0001 per share. The shares were valued at approximately and
were recorded as deferred offering costs on the balance sheet. The deferred charges will be charged against paid-in capital upon
future proceeds from the sale of common stock under this agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company wrote off
 of deferred offering costs to the statement of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, unamortized deferred offering
costs totaled and , respectively. 

Stock Warrants 

The following table summarizes the stock warrant activity
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited and expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited and expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, all outstanding warrants
are exercisable and have a weighted average remaining term of years. There was intrinsic value of the outstanding warrants as of
December 31, 2022. 

Stock Options 

The following table summarizes the stock option activity
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited and expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited and expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

On December 14, 2022, the Company
granted 
options to a consultant of the Company. The options have a ten-year term and have an exercise price of 
per share. The fair value of the options at issuance was .
The Company valued the options using the Black-Scholes model with the following key assumptions ranging from: fair value stock
price, , Exercise price,
 ,
Term 
years, Volatility ,
and Discount rate 
and a dividend yield of . 

On August 1, 2021, the Company granted options
to Stone Douglass, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, and options to various employees and consultants of the Company.
The options have a ten-year term and have an exercise price of per share. The fair value of the options at issuance was .
The Company valued the options using the Black-Scholes model with the following key assumptions ranging from: fair value stock price,
 , Exercise price, , Term years, Volatility , and Discount rate and a dividend yield of . 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
recognized of expense related to outstanding stock options leaving of unrecognized expenses related to options. As of
December 31, 2022, the outstanding stock options have a weighted average remaining term of years and an aggregate intrinsic value
of . 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
recognized of expense related to outstanding stock options leaving of unrecognized expenses related to options. 

for FINRA filing fees. 

On July 1, 2022, the Company entered into an
agreement with Norbert Klebl to collaborate on the development of the 4-plex in Arvada, Colorado. Mr. Klebl is a co-founder of the
GSP technology and is the Development Director for the Company. Per the agreement, the Company or its newly formed subsidiary,
Sustainable Housing Development Corporation, will be named developer of the property and Mr. Klebl will be the primary manager of
the project. Mr. Klebl paid for the land on which the project will be built and contributed the property to the Company s
subsidiary. The Company will arrange for a construction loan on the project. If the Company does not arrange for a construction loan on the project
by December 31, 2022, the property on which the 4-plex is to be built will revert to Mr, Klebl. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company
extended the agreement with Mr. Klebl to April 30, 2023. Upon sale of the 4-plex which is to be built on the
property, Mr. Klebl will receive the price paid for the property and any advances toward the project. The profits from the sale of
the 4-plex, if any, will be allocated 75 to Mr. Klebl and 25 to the Company. The advance is secured by the property, bears
interest at 
per annum and is repayable when the development is sold. As of December 31, 2022, Mr. Klebl is owed ,
which is repayable when the development is sold. 

Tax effect of: 

Non-deductible expenses 

Change in valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 

Significant components of the Company s deferred
tax assets and liabilities after applying enacted corporate income tax rates are as follows: 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred income tax assets 

The Company has an operating loss carry forward
of approximately . Such
amounts are subject to IRS code section 382 limitations. 

U.S. federal income tax returns after 2020 remain open to examination.
Generally, state income tax returns after 2020 remain open to examination. No income tax returns are currently under examination. As of
December 31, 2022 and December 31,2021, the Company does not have any unrecognized tax benefits, and continues to monitor its current
and prior tax positions for any changes. The Company recognizes penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax benefits as income
tax expense. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31,2021, there were no penalties or interest recorded
in income tax expense. 

F- 12 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

We maintain a set of disclosure
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed under the Securities Exchange
Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that this information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We evaluated
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended) as of the end of the period covered by this report. As a result of this evaluation, management concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

 Our management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f). Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria described in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Our management concluded that our internal
control over financial reporting were, and continue to be ineffective, as of December 31, 2022 due to a lack of segregation of duties
(resulting from the limited number of personnel available) and the lack of formal documentation of our control environment. Management
is commencing actions to address the lack of formal documentation of our control environment, although this will not address the lack
of segregation of duties. 

A material
weakness is a control deficiency (within the meaning of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB Auditing Standard
1305) or combination of control deficiencies that result in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or
interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. 

It should
be noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance that
the objectives of the system are met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the
likelihood of certain events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems, there can be no assurance that any design
will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 

In light
of the material weakness described above, we performed additional analysis and other post-closing procedures to ensure our financial statements
were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, we believe that the financial statements included
in this report fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods
presented. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affect, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

17 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 A. Stone Douglass 
 
 75 
 
 Chief Executive, Financial, and Accounting Officer and a Director 

Mr. Douglass has been the Chief
Executive Officer and a Director of the Company since December, 2020. Mr. Douglass has been the: 

Chief Financial Officer and a Director of David Kind, Inc., a Venice, California based online eyewear brand, since June 2013. 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Sealand Natural Resources, Inc., a manufacturer and purveyor of Sealand Birk birch water and other alternative beverages, since March 2016. 

Chief Financial Officer and a Director of P5 Systems, Inc., a San Diego based technology platform known as the Craig's List of cannabis, servicing the legal cannabis value chain, since March 2018. 

Between July 2011 and December
2013 Mr. Douglass was the Chief Executive Officer of Ryderz Compound, Inc., a Carlsbad, California based action sports retailer. Ryderz
was sold to Pacific Vector, Inc. in 2013. In 2014, Pacific Vector, Inc. filed for bankruptcy. 

Between April 2008 and December
2010 Mr. Douglass was the Chief Executive Officer of RedEnvelope, Inc. a San Francisco based
online gift site. Mr. Douglass was brought in to take RedEnvelope through bankruptcy. RedEnvelope filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition
on April 17, 2008 and was later sold to another online site. The creditors of RedEnvelope received 75 of the amounts owed to them by
RedEnvelope. 

Between
September 2014 and May 2017 Mr. Douglass was the manager of HL Brands, LLC, a private firm manufacturing and selling apparel under the
POPaganda brand and watches and bags under the Flud brand. 

Between September 2014 and May
2017 Mr. Douglass was the Chairman of Artec Global Media, Inc., a publicly traded (ACTL:OTC Pink) media company. 

On July 1, 2021, Mr. Douglass
was appointed to serve as a member of the Board of Directors of Digipath, Inc. (DIGP:OTC Pink). On August 16, 2021, Mr. Douglass was appointed
to serve as the Digipath s Chief Financial Officer. Prior to his appointment as a director, Mr. Douglass had been serving as a consultant
to the Digipath. 

We believe Mr. Douglass is qualified
to act as a director based upon his knowledge of business practices and, in particular, the regulations relating to public companies. 

Mr. Douglass is not independent
as that term is defined in Section 803 of the NYSE American Company Guide. 

Our directors are appointed for
a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until their successors are elected or appointed.
Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board. 

We do not have a financial expert
as that term is defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

18 

Our Board of Directors does not
have standing audit, nominating or compensation committees, committees performing similar functions, or charters for such committees.
Instead, the functions that might be delegated to such committees are carried out by our Directors, to the extent required. Our Director
believes that the cost of associated with such committees, has not been justified under our current circumstances. 

Our Board of Directors has the
ultimate responsibility to evaluate and respond to risks facing us. Our Board of Directors fulfills its obligations in this regard by
meeting on a regular basis and communicating, when necessary, with our officers. 

We have not adopted a Code of
Ethics which is applicable to our principal executive, financial, and accounting officers and persons performing similar functions since
we only have one executive office. 

Holders of our common stock can
send written communications to our entire Board of Directors, or to one or more Board members, by addressing the communication to the
Board of Directors or to one or more directors, specifying the director or directors by name, and sending the communication to
our corporate office. Communications addressed to the Board of Directors as whole will be delivered to each Board member. Communications
addressed to a specific director (or directors) will be delivered to the director (or directors) specified. 

A security holder communication
not sent to the Board of Directors as a whole is not relayed to Board members which did not receive the communication. 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE compensation 

Our executive officers will be
compensated through the following three components: 

Base Salary 

Short-Term Incentives (cash bonuses) 

Long-Term Incentives (equity-based awards) 

Benefits 

These components provide a balanced
mix of base compensation and compensation that is contingent upon our executive officer s individual performance. A goal of the
compensation program is to provide executive officers with a reasonable level of security through base salary and benefits. We want to
ensure that the compensation programs are appropriately designed to encourage executive officer retention and motivation to create shareholder
value. We believe that our shareholders are best served when we can attract and retain talented executives by providing compensation packages
that are competitive but fair. 

Base Salaries 

Base salaries generally have been
targeted to be competitive when compared to the salary levels of persons holding similar positions in other publicly traded mining companies
of comparable size. The executive officer s respective responsibilities, experience, expertise, and individual performance are considered. 

Short-Term Incentives 

Cash bonuses may be awarded at
the sole discretion of the Board of Directors based upon a variety of factors that encompass both individual and company performance. 

19 

Long-Term Incentives 

Equity incentive awards help to
align the interests of our employees with those of our shareholders. Equity based awards are made under our Equity Incentive
Plan. Options are granted with exercise prices equal to the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant and may be subject
to a vesting schedule as determined by the Board of Directors who administer the plan. 

We believe that grants of equity-based
compensation: 

enhance the link between the creation of shareholder value and long-term executive incentive compensation; 

provide focus, motivation, and retention incentive; and 

provide competitive levels of total compensation 

In addition to cash and equity
compensation programs, executive officers participate in the health and welfare benefit programs available to other employees. 

Equity Incentive Plan 

We have an Equity Incentive Award
Plan (the Plan that reserves shares of common stock for issuance to plan participants in the form of incentive and non-qualified
stock options, stock appreciation rights SARs ), and stock grants and units. Each stock option awarded allows the
holder to purchase one share of our common stock. The number of shares reserved for issuance under the Plan is equal to 15 of our outstanding
shares of common stock as of the end of each calendar quarter. 

The Plan is administered by our
Board of Directors (or any committee subsequently appointed by the Board) and is vested with the authority to interpret the provisions
of the Plan and supervise the administration of the Plan. In addition, the Board is empowered to select those persons who will participate
in the Plan, to determine the number of shares subject to each award and to determine when, and upon what conditions, awards granted under
the Plan will vest, terminate, or otherwise be subject to forfeiture and cancellation. The terms and conditions of any awards issued,
including the price of the shares underlying each award are governed by the provisions of the Plan and any agreements with the Plan participants. 

Incentive Stock Options 

All of our employees are eligible
to be granted incentive stock options pursuant to the Plan. Options granted pursuant to the Plan terminate at such time as may be specified
when the option is granted. 

The exercise price of each option
cannot be less than 100 of the fair market value of our common stock at the time of the granting of the option provided, however, if
the optionee, at the time the option is granted, owns stock possessing more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes
of our stock, the purchase price of the option shall not be less than 110 of the fair market value of the stock at the time of the granting
of the option. 

The total fair market value of
the shares of common stock (determined at the time of the grant of the option) for which any employee may be granted options which are
first exercisable in any calendar year may not exceed 100,000. 

At the discretion of the Board
of Directors, options granted pursuant to the Plan may include installment exercise terms for any option such that the option becomes
fully exercisable in a series of cumulating portions. The Board may also accelerate the date upon which any option (or any part of any
option) is first exercisable. However, no option, or any portion thereof may be exercisable until one year following the date of
grant. In no event shall an option granted to an employee then owning more than 10 of our common stock be exercisable by its terms after
the expiration of five years from the date of grant, nor shall any other option granted pursuant to the Plans be exercisable by its
terms after the expiration of ten years from the date of grant. 

20 

Non-Qualified Stock Options 

Our employees, directors and officers,
and consultants or advisors are eligible to receive non-qualified stock options pursuant to the Plan, provided however that bona fide
services must be rendered by such consultants or advisors and such services must not be in connection with a capital-raising transaction
or promoting our common stock. 

At the discretion of our Board
of Directors options granted pursuant to the Plan may include installment exercise terms for any option such that the option becomes fully
exercisable in a series of cumulating portions. The Board may also accelerate the date upon which any option (or any part of any option)
is first exercisable. 

Stock Appreciation Rights 

SARs give the participant the
right to receive the appreciation in value of one share of common stock of the Company. Appreciation is calculated as the excess of (i) the
fair market value of a share of common stock on the date of exercise over (ii) the base value fixed by the Board on the grant date,
which may not be less than the fair market value of a share of common stock on the grant date. Payment for SARs shall be made in cash,
stock, or a combination thereof. SARs are exercisable at the time and subject to the restrictions and conditions as the Board approves,
provided that no SAR may be exercised more than ten (10) years following the grant date. 

Restricted Stock 

A restricted stock award gives
the participant the right to receive a specified number of shares of common stock at a purchase price determined by the Board (including
and typically zero). Restrictions limit the participant s ability to transfer the stock and subject the stock to a substantial risk
of forfeiture until specific conditions or goals are met. The restrictions will lapse in accordance with a schedule or other conditions
as determined by the Board, which might include the achievement of specified performance targets and/or continued employment of the participant
until a specified date. As a general rule, if a participant terminates employment when the restricted stock is subject to restrictions,
the participant forfeits the unvested restricted stock. 

Restricted Stock Units RSU 

An RSU award gives the participant
the right to receive common stock, or a cash payment equal to the fair market value of common stock (determined as of a specified date),
in the future, subject to restrictions and a risk of forfeiture. The restrictions typically involve the achievement of specified performance
targets and/or the continued employment or service of the participant until a specified date. Participants holding restricted stock units
have no rights as a shareholder with respect to the shares of stock subject to their restricted stock unit award prior to the issuance
of such shares pursuant to the award. 

Stock Grants 

A stock grant award gives the
participant the right to receive (or purchase at such price as determined by the Board) shares of stock, free of any vesting restrictions.
The purchase price, if any, for a stock grant award shall be payable in cash or in any other form of consideration acceptable to the Board.
A stock grant award may be granted or sold in respect of past services or other valid consideration, or in lieu of any cash compensation
owed to a participant. 

Stock Units 

A stock unit award gives the participant
the right to receive shares of stock, or a cash payment equal to the fair market value of a designated number of shares, in the future,
free of any vesting restrictions. A stock unit award may be granted or sold in respect of past services or other valid consideration,
or in lieu of any cash compensation owed to a participant. 

21 

Other Information Regarding the Plan 

In the discretion of the Board,
any option granted pursuant to the Plan may include installment exercise terms such that the option becomes fully exercisable in a series
of cumulating portions. The Board may also accelerate the date upon which any option (or any part of any options) is first exercisable.
Any shares issued pursuant to the Plan and any options granted pursuant to the Plan or will be forfeited if the vesting schedule
established by the Board administering the Plan at the time of the grant is not met. For this purpose, vesting means the period during
which the employee must remain as our employee or the period of time a non-employee must provide services to us. At the time an employee
ceases working for us (or at the time a non-employee ceases to perform services for us), any shares or options not fully vested will be
forfeited and cancelled. At the discretion of the Board payment for the shares of common stock underlying options may be paid through
the delivery of shares of our common stock having an aggregate fair market value equal to the option price, provided such shares have
been owned by the option holder for at least one year prior to such exercise. The exercise may be made through a cashless 
exercise or a combination of cash and shares of common stock at the discretion of the Board. 

Awards are generally non-transferable
except upon death of the recipient. Shares issued pursuant to the Plan will generally not be transferable until the person receiving the
shares satisfies the vesting requirements imposed by the Board when the shares were issued. 

Our Board of Directors may at
any time, and from time to time, amend, terminate, or suspend one or more of the Plans in any manner it deems appropriate, provided that
such amendment, termination or suspension will not adversely affect rights or obligations with respect to shares or options previously
granted. 

As of December 31, 2022, we have
issued 4,050,000 options, shares of common stock, or other awards pursuant to the Plan. 

Compensation Table 

The following table sets forth
in summary form the compensation received by our Chief Executive Officer for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Name and 
Principal Position 
 
 Fiscal 
Year 
 
 Salary 
(1) 
 
 Bonus 
(2) 
 
 Stock 
Awards 
(3) 
 
 Option 
Awards 
(4) 
 
 Non-Equity 
Incentive Plan 
Compensation 
(5) 
 
 All Other 
Compensation 
(6) 
 
 Total 

A. Stone Douglass 
 
 2022 

180,000 

180,000 

2021 

180,000 

390,671 

570,671 

(1) 
 The dollar value of base salary (cash and non-cash) earned. 
 
 (2) 
 The dollar value of bonus (cash and non-cash) earned. 
 
 (3) 
 The value of all stock awarded during the periods covered by the table is calculated according to ASC 718-10-30-3 which represented the grant date fair value. 
 
 (4) 
 The fair value of all stock options granted during the periods covered by the table are calculated on the grant date in accordance with ASC 718-10-30-3 which represented the grant date fair value. 
 
 (5) 
 The dollar value of cash earned under the short-term incentive plan. 
 
 (6) 
 All other compensation that could not be properly reported in any other column. 

22 

The following shows the amount
we expect to pay to Mr. Douglass and the amount of time Mr. Douglass expects to devote to our business during the year ending December
31, 2023. 

Projected Monthly 
 
 Percent of Time to Be 
 
 Name 
 
 Compensation 
 
 Devoted to our Business 

A. Stone Douglass 
 
 15,000 
 
 80 

There are no compensatory plans
or arrangements, including payments to be received from the Company with respect to any executive Officer, that would result in payments
to such person because of his or her resignation, retirement or other termination of employment with the Company, or its subsidiaries,
any change in control, or a change in the person s responsibilities following a change in control of the Company. 

On January 5, 2021, the Company
entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Stone Douglass pursuant to which Mr. Douglass agreed to serve as Chief Executive Officer
commencing on January 1, 2021, for an initial term of three years. The term will be extended automatically for one year on January 1,
2024 and each annual anniversary thereof (the Extension Date unless, and until, at least ninety days prior to the applicable
Extension Date either Mr. Douglass or the Company provides written notice to the other party that the employment agreement is not to be
extended. Mr. Douglass will receive a base annual salary of 180,000. 

The following table
shows the weighted average exercise price of the outstanding options granted pursuant to the Company s Equity Incentive Plan as
of December 31, 2022, the Company s recently completed fiscal year: 

Plan 

Total Shares 
 Reserved 
 Under the Plan 

Number of 
 Securities to 
 be Issued Upon 
 Exercise 
 of Outstanding 
 Options 

Weighted- 
 Average 
 Exercise Price 
 of Outstanding 
 Options 

Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuances Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected 
in Column (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity Incentive Plan 

8,977,500 

4,050,000 

0.11 

4,927,500 

The Company s Equity Incentive Plan
has not been approved by the Company s shareholders. 

The following shows
certain information as of February 28, 2023 concerning the stock options and stock bonuses granted pursuant to the Equity Incentive Plan.
Each option represents the right to purchase one share of our common stock. 

Total Shares 
 Reserved 
 Under the Plan 

Shares Reserved for 
 Outstanding Options 

Shares Issued 
 As Stock Bonus 

Remaining 
 Options/Shares Under the Plan 

8,977,500 

4,050,000 

4,927,500 

23 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

Option Awards 

Stock Awards 

Name 
 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 

Option 
 Exercise Price ) 

Option 
 Expiration Date 

A. Stone Douglass 

2,000,000 

0.10 

August 1, 2031 

Since our inception, we have not
compensated any person for acting as a director. 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table provides information
with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock, of (i) each person or entity that we believe, based on the assumptions described
below, will be a beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock, (ii) each executive officer and director and (iii)
all our directors and executive officers as a group. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Shares Owned 
 
 Percent of 
Outstanding Shares 

A. Stone Douglass 
1313 Torrey Pines Road 
La Jolla, CA 92037 
 
 3,400,000 
 
 5.56 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
received 1,000 in advances from the Company s director and repaid 1,780 of advances. During the year ended December 31, 2021,
the Company s sole director paid 680 of expenses on behalf of the Company. The advance is unsecured, non-interest bearing
and is payable on demand. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the advances related party totaled 0 and 780, respectively. 

A. Stone Douglass, our sole officer
and director, purchased 2,000,000 of these shares. On December 26, 2021, Mr. Douglass purchased an additional 1,400,000 shares of the
Company's common stock at a price of 0.0001 per share. 

24 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The following table sets forth
fees billed to us by our independent auditors for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for (i) services rendered for the audit of
our annual financial statements and the review of our quarterly financial statements, (ii) services rendered that are reasonably related
to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements that are not reported as Audit Fees, and (iii) services rendered
in connection with tax preparation, compliance, advice and assistance. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees 
 73,520 
 55,930 
 
 Audit-related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Total fees 
 73,520 
 55,930 

Audit fees and audit related fees
represent amounts billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of our interim
financial statements. Before our independent accountants were engaged by to render these services, their engagement was approved by our
Director. 

25 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of the Company 
 
 3.3 
 
 Form of Warrant sold to private investors 
 
 3.4 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 10.1 
 
 Separation Agreement with Fourth Wave Energy, Inc. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in inline XBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 

Incorporated by reference to the same exhibit filed
with Amendment No. 1 to the Company's registration statement on Form S-1 (File # 333-255887). 

ITEM 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

26 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Registrant has caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized
on the 14 th day of April, 2023. 

DATED: April 14, 2023 
 GEOSOLAR TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By: /s/ A. Stone Douglass 

A. Stone Douglass 

Principal Executive, Financial, and Accounting Officer 

Supplemental Information to be Furnished With Reports
Filed Pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act by Registrants Which Have Not Registered Securities Pursuant to Section 12 of the Act 

The Company has not sent an annual
report or proxy statement to its shareholders. The Company does not intend to send an annual report or proxy statement to its shareholders
subsequent to the filing of this 10-K report. 

27 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 geosolar_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, A. Stone Douglass, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of GeoSolar Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or cause such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

April 14, 2023 

 By: /s/ A. Stone Douglass 

 A. Stone Douglass 

 Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 geosolar_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, A. Stone Douglass, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form
10-K of GeoSolar Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or cause such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

April 14, 2023 

 By: /s/ A. Stone Douglass 

 A. Stone Douglass 

 Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 geosolar_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022 of GeoSolar Technologies, Inc. (the Company ), as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Annual Report ), A. Stone Douglass, the Principal Executive and Principal Financial
Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that to the best of his knowledge: 

1. 
 This Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in this Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

April 14, 2023 

 By: /s/ A. Stone Douglass 

 A. Stone Douglass 

 Principal Executive, Financial, and Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 none-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 none-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 none-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 none-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

